【Akiyama Mizuki — A Moment Of Jest〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Akiyama Mizuki
Card: A Moment Of Jest（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Imprisoned Marionette
scenarioId: 020005_mizuki01

[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Diner
【Mizuki】Great job, everyone♪ I think we really outdid ourselves this time too!
【Ena】Thanks, Kanade, for uploading the song this morning.
【Kanade】You're welcome.
【Mizuki】Whoa, Kanade, you're staring a hole into that menu there. Did you skip meals again?
【Kanade】I haven't eaten anything since yesterday, because I wanted to upload the song as soon as I could.
【Ena】Then we should order quickly so that Kanade can get some food into her system soon.
【Mizuki】Ah, I'll get some fries then. It shouldn't take long for them to be served♪
【Mizuki】What would you like, Mafuyu?
【Mafuyu】Anything...
【Mizuki】Again? If anything's fine then just pick something.
【Mafuyu】In that case... I'll get some fries too.
【Mizuki】Okay, let's get a large serving and eat together! Excuse me, waiter! We'd like to order!
【Diner Staff】Thanks for waiting. Here's your extra large fries.
【Mizuki】Food's here! Oh, but the fries are still piping hot.
【Mizuki】Life's tough when you have a sensitive tongue... Oh, Kanade and Ena, feel free to help yourself♪
【Kanade】Sure. Thanks.
【Ena】Don't mind if I do!
【Mafuyu】...
【Mizuki】What's wrong, Mafuyu?
【Mafuyu】I taste nothing.
【Mizuki】Oh... I know! Why don't we drizzle some soy sauce on them?
【Ena】What are you talking about? If you do that, only Mafuyu will be able to eat the fries.
【Ena】Also, the fries are already salted, so why are you trying to make them even saltier?
【Ena】There are so many better seasonings we could eat the fries with, like avocado dips and cheese dips, you know?
【Mizuki】Unfortunately, they don't provide that here. For condiments, there are only soy sauce and ketchup. Hey, how about we put even more salt on the fries, then?
【Mafuyu】I'm fine with anything. It'll just taste the same to me, anyway.
【Ena】You may be fine, but I'm not!
【Kanade】I saw a few dipping sauces on the menu just now. Should we order some?
【Ena】So they do have dipping sauces here! Why were you trying to put us through that risky taste experiment, then?!
【Mizuki】Not at all! We should absolutely try figuring something out with just the condiments available on the table!
【Ena】What's the point?
【Kanade】Hehe...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Mizuki】...
【Mizuki】(Well, I guess the mood's definitely better than before.)
【Mizuki】(We've all got stuff going on in our lives, so it's not like we can be normal friends, but...)
【Mafuyu】...
【Mizuki】(Getting to know Mafuyu better through the doll exhibition was a major milestone.)
【Mizuki】(I'm glad I got everyone to go, even if I had to be a little forceful about it. We're not so awkward around each other anymore.)
【Mizuki】I'm such a thoughtful and considerate person! Whoa, hang on!
【Mizuki】Hey! Why're the fries already almost gone? I was just waiting for them to cool down a little!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Ena】You told us to help ourselves.
【Mizuki】Yes, but you'd usually hold back a little, right?!
【Ena】It's hard to stop once you start, especially for fries.
【Kanade】Yes, I find it intriguing.
【Mizuki】Not you too, Kanade... Wait! Of course. Kanade's stomach was completely empty just now!
【Kanade】Yes. But I'm full now.
【Mafuyu】...
【Mizuki】Ah... There goes most of my fries... Mafuyu, you should really stop eating with such a businesslike face.
【Ena】Do you want this instead?
【Mizuki】Oh, Ena, you're so nice! But that's lasagna, right? You know I can't eat food that's too hot!
【Mizuki】Hot food tears the skin in my mouth to shreds!
【Ena】Don't make it sound so gross.
【Mafuyu】Kanade, your order is here.
【Kanade】Thanks.
【Ena】The plate of fries is kind of blocking the table. Let's get the waiter to clear it for us.
【Mizuki】What? Ah! My fries! They're all gone!
【Mizuki】Waiter! Another large portion of fries please!
【Mizuki】Oh, and when it's ready, could you please let it cool down a little before bringing it out? Thanks...
[Sound] bgm00000
