【Hinomori Shizuku — Fun With Layout Planning〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hinomori Shizuku
Card: Fun With Layout Planning（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: From the Marks Left Behind
scenarioId: 008033_shizuku02

[Background Change] bg_b000901
[Caption] Shizuku's Room
[Sound] se00053_b
【Shizuku】The office in this picture is about the same size as the house. Notice how their meeting space is partitioned off?
【Haruka】Yeah, we might need to set certain areas apart.
【Minori】Oh, in that case! What if we used some of these racks as dividers?
【Airi】Yeah, that's another idea to keep in mind! They'd act as room dividers while also giving us a place to put cute decorations. Two birds with one stone!
【Shizuku】Hehe. I didn't realize planning the interior of the MORE MORE HOUSE would be so much fun. Now I really can't wait to move in.
【Shizuku】Anyway, I should clean and put away the cups we used...
【Shizuku】Oh, we didn't put much of a dent into these snacks. I suppose we did spend quite a lot of time talking...
【Shizuku】It'd be a shame if they went stale, so maybe I should have some now...
【Shizuku】Oh, I know!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000601
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Shiho's Room
【Shizuku's Voice】Shii, do you have a minute?
【Shiho】Hm? Shizuku...?
[Sound] se00198_b
【Shizuku】Oh, were you doing your homework...?
【Shiho】Yeah, for math. Anyway, what's up...?
【Shizuku】Remember those snacks you brought to my room earlier? We still have quite a lot left over.
【Shizuku】So, I was thinking we could have some together.
【Shiho】Really? Then, I'll take some. All these complicated equations were starting to make my nerves fray.
【Shizuku】Hehe. Then, I'm coming in.
【Shiho】By the way, you were all talking about your new home base, right?
【Shizuku】Yes, it's called the MORE MORE HOUSE.
【Shiho】You said you'd found a nice place, but I didn't realize it already had a name.
【Shizuku】It's cute, right? We spent today discussing how we're going to use each room, as well as their interior designs.
【Shizuku】Since it's also going to be our office, we thought about turning one room into a reception area...
【Shizuku】And we're thinking about bringing in our own plushies to decorate our streaming room.
【Shiho】Cool. Sounds like this process has been a lot of fun.
【Shizuku】It really has! We actually talked so much that we more or less forgot about these snacks.
【Shiho】I see.
【Shiho】Wait, won't things get even busier for you once your office and streaming room are all set up?
【Shizuku】Yes, but we should be able to figure things out since we have a manager now.
【Shiho】Oh, right. I forgot that you found someone to take on that role.
【Shizuku】Yes, her name's Saito, and she's so reliable!
【Shizuku】Airi and Haruka don't have to work nearly as hard now that she's in charge of our schedule.
【Shiho】Yeah, that must've been pretty rough... Honami also had it pretty bad...
【Shizuku】But your band also has a manager now, yes?
【Shiho】Yeah. Currently, that person's doing a lot behind the scenes to get us ready for our debut.
【Shizuku】Which means we'll both be busy in the future...
【Shiho】Yeah.
【Shizuku】As happy as I am about our new house, I probably won't get to spend as much time at home like this...
【Shiho】You're still coming home, right?
【Shizuku】Yes, for the most part. Unless something urgent comes up.
【Shizuku】Still, it means having fewer meals and such together, which is very unfortunate...
【Shiho】I mean, remember back when you were at your busiest? We'll figure something out...
【Shizuku】Shii! Please call me if you're ever feeling lonely! Or just send me a message...
【Shiho】Okay, I will...
【Shizuku】We can even say, “Good morning,” and, “Good night,” to each other through text whenever we're not able to see each other.
【Shiho】Now you're asking too much.
【Shizuku】But...
【Shiho】Things might not change all that much since it's not like you're moving out or anything.
【Shizuku】True. There's no telling what's going to happen after we get the MORE MORE HOUSE set up...
【Shizuku】I'll do my best to come home each night so that you don't feel lonely.
【Shiho】Alright, thanks.
[Sound] bgm00000
