【Hatsune Miku — Beyond That Door〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: Beyond That Door（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Over Rad Squad!!
scenarioId: 021047_miku02

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
[Sound] se00684
【An】Sorry for making you guys wait! We had to take care of something before coming over!
【Miku】Oh, there you all are. Welcome.
【KAITO】We actually just finished setting everything up, so your timing couldn't have been better!
【Toya】Thank you all again for inviting us over today. Also, this is quite the sight to behold...
【Akito】Yeah... Every table's covered in different dishes...
【Luka】Hehe. Well, we are here to celebrate all of you putting on such an incredible event, are we not?!
【Luka】Which is why we felt that we needed to respond in kind by throwing you the best after-party ever!
【KAITO】What she said! So, we decided to make everything on the cafe's menu!
【An】What?! Everything?!
【Rin】Also, we whipped up all of you guys' favorites!
【Kohane】Oh, you're right! Look at all the sesame balls and peach buns...!
【Rin】Heehee♪ And we dished up some rum raisin ice cream just for you, An!
【Luka】We have pancakes and cheesecake for you, Akito, and cookies for you, Toya♪ Feel free to have as many as you like!
【An】I-Is it really okay for us to have such a feast...?!
【Miku】Of course it is. I mean, isn't now the best time to celebrate?
【Luka】Hehe. Miku wants you to try the dishes she made since she worked so hard on them.
【An】What?! You made some, Miku...?
【Miku】Yes, I did.
【An】So... A-Are they okay to eat?
【Miku】Why wouldn't they be?
【Akito】You sound pretty confident.
【MEIKO】Hehe. There's nothing to worry about. Miku put in a lot of hard work for this party.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
【Len】Alright, so we're gonna make all their favorites and everything else on the menu for their after-party!
[Sound] bgm00201
【Len】They're gonna be so surprised when they see all the tables in this place covered in food!
【Miku】Then, let's start deciding what we'll each be making. Beginning with...
【Len】Oh, uhh... M-Miku, what if you concentrated on helping MEIKO?! You always work so well together...
【Miku】Don't worry, Len. I brought this with me today.
[Sound] se00055_b
【Luka】A notebook... Full of recipes?
【Miku】Yes. The thing is, KAITO and Rin—
【KAITO】That's right! Rin and I asked MEIKO for her recipes and made it together!
【Rin】KAITO did all the writing and I drew the illustrations♪ Isn't it so much better to have everything summarized like this?
【Miku】So, I should be fine today as long as I keep this handy.
【MEIKO】To be honest, I'm still a bit worried...
【Miku】Alright, I'll start by boiling some eggs. Eleven minutes in the pot... Oh, it's that simple?
【Miku】Then, I'll put them in the pot and...
【Miku】Oh, wait. What if I microwaved them? Wouldn't that be much faster?
【KAITO】No, stop! Don't do that! They'll explode if you do!!
【Miku】Huh...?
【Luka】Also, ignoring what your notebook says would completely defeat the purpose of having it!
【Miku】Ah, good point. Then, I'll put them in the pot and...
[Sound] se00530
【Miku】This soup needs two teaspoons of salt. Okay, here's my teaspoon and...about this much salt?
【Rin】No, you piled that way too high!
【KAITO】We'll measure everything out while you focus on stirring the pot.
【Miku】Right... Not having to do all the little things would help simplify this process.
【Miku】So, leave the stirring to me. I want everyone to really enjoy what I make.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Miku】I was genuinely moved by your event. And this is my way of expressing what I felt.
[Sound] bgm00171
【Miku】So, please have as much food as you like today.
【Miku】From the bottom of my heart, congratulations.
【An】Thank you so much, Miku...!
【Kohane】But we were only able to put on that event because of you and the others.
【Miku】What?
【Kohane】Whenever we couldn't sing the way we wanted or those times we didn't understand what we were feeling, you were there for us...
【Kohane】We were able to keep moving forward because we had you helping us every step of the way.
【Kohane】So, we can't thank all of you enough!
【An】We actually prepared a little present for all of you to show you our gratitude!
【Len】What?! A present?!
【Toya】We had a feeling that you'd want to throw a party for us, so we decided to come up with a little surprise in return.
【Akito】That being said, we weren't expecting to see such a decadent feast.
【An】Anyway, ta-daaa!
【An】We made a bunch of little cakes. We even decorated them with fruits that match your personalities!
【Kohane】For example, Miku, we used muscat grapes for yours as a reflection of the refreshing green of your eyes and hair.
【Miku】I don't think any of us were expecting you all to prepare a surprise for us.
【Miku】Thank you. This makes us really happy.
【Miku】Anyway, shall we get started? Everyone have their drinks ready?
【Miku】Here we go!
【Everyone】Cheeers! Cheers!
[Sound] se00163_b
[Sound] bgm00000
