【Tenma Saki — Fun, Happy Music〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: Fun, Happy Music（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Happy Enjoy Music!
scenarioId: 002041_saki01

[Background Change] bg_a001002
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Saki】Let's do our best again during practice today!
【Honami】Hehe. You've been so full of energy since this morning, Saki.
【Saki】That's because Jam Fest is just around the corner! We gotta practice harder than usual in order to get ready for it!
【Shiho】Yeah, it is important for us to stay focused.
【Ichika】Still, it's happening soon...
【Honami】Is something the matter?
【Ichika】It always felt so far off... But after practicing day in and day out, it sort of creeped up on us.
【Saki】Yeah, Ichi, I totally get what you mean! I was also surprised when I realized that it was just a few days away!
【Honami】I felt the same thing as well. But doesn't that go to show how much we've been able to focus on practicing?
【Shiho】We only have one song left in the set list to work on, so I think we've been having productive practices.
【Ichika】Then, let's keep doing our best to really master it.
【Saki】Yeah! It's full steam ahead until the festival...
【Saki】Oh no!!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shiho】What's wrong?
【Saki】We've been practicing so much that I think we've forgotten about something really important...
【Ichika】Huh?
【Shiho】Wait, what are you talking about?
【Saki】This is what I mean! We haven't packed yet, right?!
【Honami, Ichika & Shiho】*Gasp* Hm...?
【Ichika】Actually, do we need to bring anything special with us...?
[Sound] bgm00018
【Shiho】Nothing out of the ordinary, I think?
【Honami】We've gotten everything together that we usually need for our shows, so I don't think we need anything special...
【Saki】Yeah, we do! Lots of things!
【Saki】This is our first big festival! So, we gotta have all our ducks in a row!
【Shiho】Okay, so what else do we need?
【Saki】Uhh... Oh! An outdoor venue usually means lots of bugs!
【Saki】So, we gotta take bug repellent and stuff! What if a big swarm comes and causes us to lose focus while we're playing?!
【Ichika】If it's an area where bugs like to gather, then I'm sure that the venue staff will have countermeasures in place.
【Honami】Mr. Shindo didn't mention anything regarding that, did he?
【Saki】I'm talking about just in case! Because some of us like to have backup plans in place!
【Shiho】Okay?
【Saki】What else is there...? I know! We might wanna take some medicine with us!
【Ichika】Why medicine?
【Saki】What if we get so nervous that we drink too much water and get stomach aches?! Who knows if there's going to be a hospital nearby?!
【Honami】I'm not sure we'd be able to play anyway, if it's bad enough we would have to go to the hospital...
【Shiho】I guess it's true nerves can cause stomach pain, but—
【Saki】See what I mean?!
【Saki】I wanna put on the best show we can, so we should have all our bases covered!
【Saki】*Gasp* Should we bring neck pillows with us so we can sleep during the trip over? What about blankets in case it's chilly in the green room!
【Ichika】How much luggage do you plan to bring?
【Shiho】We're not going on vacation or anything.
【Honami】But I do sort of understand how you feel, Saki.
【Honami】We have to prepare for every show we do, but this is an especially big event. As such, it's natural for us to feel nervous.
【Shiho】And that nervousness is going to be our Achilles' heel.
【Ichika】Right. If possible, I'd like for us to play like we normally do...
【Ichika】So, we should do what we can to ensure that we do.
【Shiho】Agreed.
【Saki】You guys...!
【Ichika】While we're on the subject, we may want to take that other thing with us.
【Saki】Huh?! What other thing?! Tell me!
[Sound] bgm00000
