【Mixed Event — Connect Hearts Message】

Event: Connect Hearts Message
Event Type: marathon
Episodes: 8
Outline: The second-years at Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy are assigned a work shadowing program. Interested in learning about making fun memories for visitors, Saki, Emu and Shiho choose to visit an event planning company.

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-B
[Sound] se00590
【Saki】Humhumhumm♪ Now I just have to underline the important parts with my marker, and...
【Saki】I'm done! Hehe. It's all set now♪
【Emu】Wow, Saki, your notebook looks so cute, colorful and wonderhoy♪
【Saki】I know, right?! I got these new markers the other day and I really wanted to test them out♪
【Shiho】It's good that each theme is color coordinated, but... What's with all the doodles?
【Saki】Hey, they're not doodles! They're illustrations that are going to help me remember everything!
【Shiho】Sure, sure. Anyway, isn't it almost time for our long homerooms?
【Saki】Oh, you're right! We're gonna talk about the work research shadowing program today, right?
【Emu】Yeah! We get to visit a company, talk to its employees and get hands-on work experience! I'm so excited☆
【Emu】I'll see you guys later!
【Saki】See you!
[Sound] se00005_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00046_b
【Teacher】Alright, now that you're all in your seats, let's begin our long homeroom.
【Teacher】As we discussed earlier this morning, today you'll be deciding which companies you'll all be visiting for the work shadowing program.
[Sound] bgm00006
【Teacher】I'll pass out lists detailing the companies that have agreed to work with us. Please mark which you'd like to visit and hand them forward.
[Sound] se00249_b
[Sound] se00249_b
【Saki】(I wonder which companies signed up...)
[Sound] se00122_b
【Saki】Oh...!
【Saki】(Isn't this the apparel brand with a shop inside the department store by the station? Does that mean we'll get to ask the employees about fashion stuff?)
【Saki】(And this is that snack company! I'd love to see their factory! I bet it'd be so much fun...!)
【Saki】(Hmm... So many good choices... I can't decide...)
【Student】Sorry, can we ask our friends to see what they think first?
【Teacher】Of course. But be careful not to be too much of a bother to the other classes.
【Saki】(We can ask our friends...?! Then...)
【Saki】Shiho!
【Emu】Shiho, Shiho!
[Sound] se00349_b
【Saki & Emu】Have you made your choice yet?
【Shiho】Not yet... Also, keep it down, you two. What happened to not bothering the other classes?
【Saki】Oh, right!
【Emu】We gotta be as quiet as mice!
【Saki】Do you know which company you wanna visit, Emu?
【Emu】Yup! I wanna visit this event planning company!
【Saki】Event planning company?
【Emu】It's called “HeartUp Creation”! They plan and run stage performances, town-revitalization stamp rallies and all sorts of other events!
【Shiho】Oh, there's a company like that on this list?
【Saki】Planning events sounds really fun...!
【Emu】I know, right☆ Also...
【Emu】I think I'll be able to learn a lot about how to come up with ideas that guests will find fun and exciting, and how to make them a reality!
【Shiho】When you put it that way, this seems like the perfect choice for you, Otori.
【Saki】(An event planning company...! I wonder what other events they plan.)
【Saki】(Oh, the printout gives more details! Let's see...)
[Sound] se00122_b
【Saki】Wait, this cosmetics expo! I've been to it before!
【Shiho】Oh, you have?
【Saki】Yeah! I even got to have a professional makeup artist use some brand-new products on me!
【Saki】(So this is the company that put that whole thing together.)
【Saki】(I remember having so much fun. I bought some really cute makeup and got a bunch more for free...)
【Saki】(But I've never thought about how events like that actually get set up...)
【Saki】(I was totally blown away by how amazing professional makeup artists are, and the event was so much fun.)
【Saki】(Giving people the opportunity to have fun like that, and make unforgettable memories, must be really great...)
【Saki】I've made my choice! I'm also gonna visit HeartUp Creation!
【Emu】Wait, really?!
【Saki】Really! I wanna learn more about how you actually plan and run big events!
【Saki】Oh, Shiho, if you haven't picked anything else, you should join us!
【Shiho】Wait, me too?
【Saki】Yeah! I know it'll be super fun if all three of us go together♪
【Saki】I mean, take a look here! They even run stage events and shows at malls and stuff!
【Saki】We might perform in places like this in the future, so we can ask them all about those kinds of events!
【Shiho】Yeah, true...
【Shiho】Plus, I hadn't made up my mind yet. So I'll go with that one, too.
【Saki & Emu】Woohoo♪
【Shiho】But we can't just go over and fool around. We need to take this visit seriously. Remember, we have to turn in a report at the end.
【Saki】Whoa, Shiho's got her serious face on like always!
【Emu】Hehe. I can't wait to learn more about planning events with you guys☆
【Saki】Me neither! I wish it was the day of our visit already♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000101
[Caption] A few days later
[Caption] HeartUp Creation Headquarters
【Saki & Emu】Wow...!
【Saki】These are their headquarters...! I'm starting to feel kinda anxious.
【Emu】Like it's almost showtime!
【Emu】What do you think we're gonna do today? I hope we get to talk to lots of their employees.
【Saki】And plan our own event!
【Shiho】I get why you two are excited, but you need to settle down a bit.
【Shiho】The employee in charge of guiding us is gonna be here soon. You don't wanna cause them trouble, do you?
【Employee】There's no need to be so nervous.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shiho】Oh...
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【Kizaki】Thank you very much for coming all this way. My name is Kizaki. I'll be your guide today.
[Sound] bgm00006
【Kizaki】I look forward to showing you around today!
【Student Leader】Yes, thank you for having us!
【Students】Thank you for having us!
【Kizaki】Anyway, I'll begin by explaining today's agenda.
【Kizaki】First, I'll give you all an overview of what this company does, from our mission statement to our actual business model.
【Kizaki】Then, I'll give you a tour of the office. Finally, to cap things off, we'll be asking you all to do a group exercise.
【Saki】A group exercise?
【Kizaki】Yes, we'll have you sit down and actually plan out an event proposal.
【Emu】We get to plan an event? Yay!
【Students】What kind of event do you think it's gonna be?
【Saki】I'm so excited to find out!
【Kizaki】We'll give you the details when we get to the activity, so I hope you'll look forward to it.
【Kizaki】Anyway, if there are no further questions, then I'd like to begin explaining what this company does.
【Saki & Emu】Thank you!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Sound] bgm00170
[Caption] A few hours later
[Caption] Meeting room
【Kizaki】That concludes the tour of the office. What did you all think?
【Saki】Getting to watch real meetings as they took place was so educational!
【Emu】I thought everyone was gonna act all super serious, but they seemed to have a lot of fun♪
【Shiho】I think what she's trying to say is that things were much more relaxed than we initially expected...
【Kizaki】We value having engaging discussions during our meetings. In particular, when presenting new ideas, we try to be as frank as possible with each other.
【Kizaki】So, for the groupwork activity, we're hoping that you'll all do the same.
【Saki】Understood!
【Kizaki】Alright, we'll be holding the activity here, so please break off into groups of three or four.
【Emu】Okay! Saki, Shiho, let's form a group!
【Saki】Yeah!
[Sound] se00249_b
[Sound] se00249_b
【Kizaki】Alright, now that you've all found your seats, I'd like to announce the event you'll be working on today...
【Kizaki】It will be a product promotion event for a stationery company.
【Saki】(A product promotion event... Does that mean it's gonna be like that cosmetics expo?)
【Kizaki】I should also mention that this event is based on a real deal we have with our client, Saishi Kobo. They have graciously given us permission to run this activity.
【Kizaki】So, please treat the information you hear today with the utmost care.
【Emu】Of course!
【Kizaki】You will have ninety minutes. Once you've wrapped up your discussions, you'll give presentations to some of our employees. I wish you all the best of luck.
【Saki】Wait, we're giving presentations at the end...?!
【Shiho】She did say it's based on an actual deal they have with another company. Things just got pretty real.
【Emu】Yeah! We'll have to do our best to come up with a wonderhoy event!
【Kizaki】Finally, to get your discussions to proceed smoothly...
【Kizaki】First, you'll want to read through the documents we've provided on our client, Saishi Kobo. They include the company's mission statement and details regarding a number of their products.
【Kizaki】Once you've read those, you should proceed with discussing how you're actually going to promote their products at this event.
【Emu】I see...
【Kizaki】We'll be walking around to monitor your progress. Please feel free to ask us for help if you get stuck. Your time begins... Now.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00171
[Caption] A few minutes later
【Saki】Alright, we're done reading about the company! Let's begin discussing our event!
【Emu】Yeah! We're probably supposed to jot down our ideas on this whiteboard, right?
【Shiho】Each team gets one, and we've been told to use them however we like.
【Saki】Hehe. This is starting to feel like a real planning meeting.
【Saki】Let's see. We're supposed to come up with ideas based on Saishi Kobo's mission statement and the key characteristics of their products, right?
【Emu】Their mission statement describes what they want to do as a company and stuff, right? In other words, it talks about the things they care about most.
【Shiho】Right. At the top of their mission statement, it says, “Helping you send your thoughts”...
【Shiho】I guess that means telling others how you feel through message cards and stuff. They've got a number of stationery products for that purpose.
【Saki】I see... Which means the event we plan should revolve around the idea of “helping you send your thoughts”, right?
【Shiho】Yeah. Also, we have information here saying that the event itself is going to take place in a mall at the beginning of March...
【Shiho】It looks like they're going to be releasing a new line of message cards sometime during the month, so this event likely coincides with that.
【Emu】Oh, do you think the cards are these ones that were with the printouts?!
【Saki】Oh yeah, look! They say “sample” on them!
[Sound] se00122_b
【Saki】Oh, this card is silky smooth! I really like this texture...
【Emu】Hehe. I'm tempted to keep rubbing it!
【Shiho】Here, it says, “We achieved this delightfully silky texture by using a special pulp mixture.”
【Shiho】These cards apparently come in all sorts of colors with different patterns. Check out this page. It has pictures of all of them.
【Saki】Wow...! They're all so pretty...!
【Shiho】I guess a big lineup will help people find exactly what they're looking for in a message card.
【Saki】That makes sense... Oh!
【Saki】I have an idea! What if our event involved having people make actual message cards using these?
【Shiho】Using these?
【Saki】Yeah! By actually using the products, they'll get to experience this amazing texture firsthand...
【Saki】And having a huge variety to choose from means getting to have fun deciding what kind of card fits most perfectly for the person they're sending it to.
【Shiho】That's not a bad idea. But...
【Shiho】Isn't that a little weak, as far as product promotion goes?
【Saki】Huh?
【Shiho】I used to write letters when I was little, but everyone just messages each other on social media now...
【Shiho】I think you're gonna have a hard time convincing people to write out messages by literally putting pen to paper.
【Saki】Oh, right... I like writing letters and stuff, but not everyone feels the same way as me...
【Shiho】Exactly. So, we need to come up with a way to catch the interest of those people.
【Emu】Hmm... What would get them to stop and say, “I wanna make one!”...?
【Saki】Hmmmm...
[Background Change] bg_s000415
【Saki】My head's starting to hurt... I didn't realize planning an event would be this hard.
【Saki】There's just so much we have to think about...
【Shiho】During the meeting we got to observe earlier, everyone threw out all the ideas they could to make sure their products brought smiles to a wide market.
【Shiho】Which means we have to do the same.
【Saki】Yeah, you're right...
【Emu】Hmmmm...
[Background Change] bg_d000101
【Emu】Oh...!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Emu】In that case, why don't we think more about the guests we want to attract to our event?
【Saki】About the guests...?
【Emu】Yeah! The employees said they think about stuff like how old their guests are, what they like, and what they like to do and stuff!
[Sound] bgm00190
【Emu】I think we'll be able to come up with better ideas if we do the same thing and think about the people☆
【Shiho】I see... That could make things a lot easier for us.
【Shiho】Thanks, Otori. Let's give your idea a try.
【Shiho】First, this event's being held at a mall, so it's safe to say that most people will be there to get some shopping done...
【Saki】And it's taking place at the beginning of March... What do you think they'll be there to buy?
【Emu】Hmm... Rice puffs for the Doll Festival?!
【Shiho】That might be too specific.
【Saki】(Shopping at a mall... In March...)
【Saki】*Gasp*
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saki】I think I know the answer!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000101
[Caption] HeartUp Creation Headquarters
【Student A】That concludes our presentation. Thank you for your time!
【Employee】Thank you very much. That was an excellent proposal. You did a wonderful job of highlighting this product's features.
【Student A】Thank you very much!
[Sound] se00306_b
[Sound] se00306_b
【Saki】Making a mosaic out of message cards is such a cool idea...!
【Saki】I'd love to see what the finished piece looks like! I want to give it a try too.
【Shiho】And it's a good idea to let anyone participate.
【Emu】Yeah! I'm so impressed! Everyone's come up with such fun ideas.
【Kizaki】Next, we have... Ms. Tenma's group. Please come to the front.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saki】Oh, that's us...!
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_4
【Saki】(But we also gave our idea a lot of thought, too. And the other two helped turn it into a really great proposal...)
【Saki】(We just gotta believe in what we're about to present...!)
【Saki】W-We've come up with an event involving guests writing their own message cards using Saishi Kobo's products!
【Saki】We believe actually using their products is the best way for customers to understand just how much thought and effort they put into them.
【Shiho】But we also felt that just writing message cards like normal wouldn't be enough to convince people to attend this event.
【Shiho】Which is how we arrived upon our “Say Thank You On White Day” event.
【Employee】Ah, White Day, you say...?
【Emu】Yes! This event is going to take place at the beginning of March, which is the perfect time to prepare for White Day!
【Emu】Our guess is that a lot of people will be at the mall shopping for gifts to thank others for what they gave them on Valentine's Day!
【Emu】That's why we'd like to hold a workshop where our guests will get to make message cards to attach to their presents...
【Emu】And we think that even people who don't use stationery often will be really interested in participating!
【Saki】Especially since White Day is all about thanking those you care about the most. And we believe these cards will help them do just that!
【Student Leader】In other words, you'll be helping them send their thoughts...?
【Shiho】It can be hard to thank those who are closest to you or who you care about the most...
【Shiho】But people may find it easier to share those feelings that are hard to put into words, in the form of a thoughtful card.
【Emu】Also, Saishi Kobo worked really hard on coming up with these great product designs that go with their mission of “helping you send your thoughts”!
【Emu】Which is why we believe everybody will find just the cards they're looking for to make their intended recipient happy!
【Saki】We believe that we'll be able to convince a lot of people to participate as long as we stay on that message.
【Saki】We want everyone to learn all about how great Saishi Kobo's products are...
【Saki】And help everyone say, “Thank you,” to those they care about the most!
【Shiho】That concludes this presentation.
[Sound] se00306_b
[Sound] se00306_b
【Employee】Thank you very much. Not only did you come up with a solid concept, you really thought out of the box there by coupling it with White Day.
[Sound] bgm00006
【Saki】...!
【Saki】Thank you very much!
【Employee】As far as flaws go... There are quite a few stationery companies out there that make message cards using special designs and materials.
【Employee】So, one could argue that you didn't quite do a good job of explaining why Saishi Kobo's cards, specifically, are the best choice.
【Emu】Oh...
【Shiho】It's true, we didn't sufficiently address that angle.
【Employee】Still, you deserve a pat on the back for coming up with this in such a short amount of time. Thank you all for your hard work.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00180
[Caption] A few hours later
【Kizaki】That concludes this shadowing. Thank you all for coming to visit us today.
【Students】Thank you!
[Sound] se00249_b
【Saki】*Sigh* I feel like my brain's gonna melt after all that thinking...!
【Shiho】We used our heads in a way that we don't normally while studying.
【Emu】But coming up with ideas and giving a presentation together was so much fun!
【Emu】And I learned so much from the other groups' presentations too!
【Shiho】Me too. They even gave us advice on what we could do better, so I wanna make the most of what they said if we ever do something like this again.
【Shiho】Oh, before I forget... I need to write the rough draft of my report.
【Saki】Yeah, me too! I should summarize everything that we learned today.
【Emu】Then, since we finished a little early, why don't we all—
【Kizaki】Ms. Tenma, Ms. Hinomori, Ms. Otori. Do you all have some time to talk before you head out?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Emu】Huh?
【Shiho】Yes, how can we help you?
【Kizaki】It's about your event proposal... We've actually been planning something very similar.
【Kizaki】The details differ slightly, but the overall idea of writing message cards for White Day is basically the same.
【Saki】Wait, really...?!
【Kizaki】Yes. So, if you all have time, you'd be more than welcome to come visit our event.
【Saki】Wow, that'd be great! I actually really want to make message cards using Saishi Kobo's stationery now!
【Emu】Your event...
【Shiho】Otori?
【Emu】Excuse me! If possible...
【Emu】Would it be alright if I helped out with this event?!
【Kizaki】What...?
【Emu】So, I really learned a lot today about how companies come up with ideas and run planning meetings!
【Emu】And I'd like to learn even more about how these sorts of events are actually run!
【Saki】Emu...
【Kizaki】I see. In that case, welcome aboard. We'll be more than happy to have someone with your energy there to help us.
[Sound] bgm00171
【Emu】Wow...! Thank you very much!
【Kizaki】Would you two like to join her?
【Shiho】Us? Are you sure?
【Kizaki】Yes. We had budgeted to hire part-timers as the staff, so you'll even get paid for your work.
【Saki】(We get to help out with their event. That means...)
[Sound] se00053_b
【Saki】We want everyone to learn all about how great Saishi Kobo's products are...
【Saki】And help everyone say, “Thank you,” to those they care about the most!
【Saki】(We get to do what we said during our presentation...!)
【Saki】Yes! I'd like to help out as well!
【Shiho】Yeah... I'm also curious to see what this event is actually like. I'd like to join them.
【Kizaki】Understood. I'll let those in charge know right away. We look forward to working with you on the day of.
【Emu】Yes! Thank you for having us!
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【Emu】Woohoo! This is awesome! We get to help run their event☆
【Saki】That means we gotta do our best to make sure all the guests go home smiling!
【Emu】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
[Sound] se00350_b
【Shiho】Okay. Aside from some tiny mistakes, I thought that was a good run.
[Sound] bgm_area00001
【Saki】Woohoo! We got Shiho's seal of approval!
【Shiho】Don't get ahead of yourself... But this seems like a good place to stop. Why don't we take a break here before we go back and start making fixes?
【Rin】Oh, in that case, can you tell us about the work research shadowing program you told us about the other day?!
【Rin】How was it?! Did you have fun?!
【Ichika】Yeah, and we learned a lot.
【Luka】Oh, that's right. Ichika, Honami, you two went to visit a company that produces music videos and commercials, yes?
【Honami】Yes, since we'll likely be shooting more videos in the future. We thought it'd be good for us to learn more about the production process.
【Honami】On the day of our shadowing, we got to edit an actual music video. I was astonished by how glamorous it looked in the end.
【Ichika】I know we've already shot a couple ourselves, but it was fun to learn about the tricks professionals use to give videos an impactful punch.
【MEIKO】I see. It sounds like you two had a wonderful experience.
【Len】How about you two, Saki, Shiho? Which company did you visit?
【Saki】We visited a company that plans and operates all sorts of events!
【Saki】Not only did we get to see how they run things, we even got to plan our own event!
【Rin】Wait, that sounds super fun! What kind of event did you guys get to plan?
【Shiho】We can't talk much about it since it was based on a real business deal, but it was a product promotion event for a famous stationery company.
【Shiho】Our event involved having the guests make message cards for White Day.
【Miku】Oh, message cards?
【Saki】Hehe. We thought it'd be the perfect way for people to thank those they care about most during White Day!
【Shiho】Not only does it help promote their products, it also follows their mission statement of helping people send their thoughts to others.
【Saki】It gets even better. The company just happened to be planning a really similar event...
【Saki】And we get to help them run things as part-timers!
【Ichika】Wow, really? You're getting actual work experience? That's pretty incredible.
【Honami】I know you'll do a great job.
【Saki】Thanks! We'll do our very best!
【Rin】Telling others how you feel through message cards, huh...?
【Rin】That's such a great idea! What if we also tried doing that, you guys?!
【KAITO】We? As in us?
【Rin】Well, obviously! I feel like writing some now, because there's just so much I wanna tell all of you♪
[Background Change] bg_s000416
【MEIKO】Haha. You're so pure, Rin!
【Rin】Hey, don't treat me like a little kid!
【Rin】I'm not the only one who's gonna make cards. You and everyone else are too, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】I know. I promise to write you a nice message, Rin.
[Background Change] bg_f000101
【Miku】You're right, it might be fun to make them together. Some things are hard to say outside of these sorts of opportunities.
【Len】Like what?
【Miku】Hmm... Like how we might start taking each other for granted since we're together all the time.
【Miku】For example, MEIKO always does a good job of keeping us focused during practices, and Luka's subtly but constantly looking out for us...
【Luka】Oh, Miku, does that mean you'd like me to pat your head as well?
【Miku】That's not what I meant.
【Len】I see. This does seem like a good opportunity to show just how much we appreciate each other.
【KAITO】And writing a message would be easier than telling someone else directly...
【Rin】Hehe. Then, let's give it a try!
【Saki】(Thanking others for the things they do... The things you've taken for granted. Wouldn't that kind of event just be amazing?)
【Saki】(I know it's a product promotion event, but I wanna do everything I can to help the guests show their appreciation for those they care about the most...!)
【Rin】Oh, I know! Can I tag along when you two go help out with that event, Sakki?! I wanna see what it's like!
【Saki】Sure! We can check it out together!
【Shiho】Just make sure you don't get seen by the guests or staff, okay?
【Rin】No problem!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Sound] bgm_area00004
[Caption] A few weeks later
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Emu】Snippy, snippy, paste, paste... Sparkly and glittery☆
【Luka】Oh, Emu, you seem to be in a good mood today.
【Tsukasa】Yes, you still appear to have plenty of energy despite us just finishing practice.
【Emu】Hehe. I'm really excited because we get to help out with that event soon!
【Rui】Ah, this would be the White Day event you mentioned a while back.
【Emu】Yup! It's gonna be all about showing appreciation for those you care about the most by writing message cards to them!
【Emu】We're going to have the guests choose the card they like the most, and decorate them using masking tape and stickers...
【Emu】We're even gonna have lots of other decorations available. That means they'll get to create one-of-a-kind cards♪
【MEIKO】That sounds fun! I'd love to see how they turn out.
【Emu】Hmm... The one I made for practice should be in my pocket... Oh, here it is!
[Sound] se00055_b
【Rui】Ah, what a fun-looking card.
【Emu】Hehe☆ I used a ton of masking tape to make this one!
[Sound] se00077_b
【Tsukasa】What?! A bouquet pops up when you open it?!
【KAITO】You can make pop-up cards?
【Emu】Yup! You can even decorate the flowers using stickers and stamps!
【Nene】Yeah, making these could be kinda fun...
【MEIKO】What a fun and exciting way to show your appreciation for others!
【Luka】Hehe. It really is♪ I'd probably sleep like a baby if I set this next to my pillow...
【Emu】Oh, a fluffy card that feels like a pillow could also be really good!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b002501
[Caption] The day of the event
[Caption] Event Venue
【Saki】Phew... That should do it.
【Saki】Shiho! Emu! I'm done setting up the stationery.
【Shiho】We're also done setting up the tables.
【Emu】This event's gonna be so good☆ I've been so excited that I haven't been able to sit still for weeks!
【Saki】Hehe. Same! Let's do everything we can to make this event a success!
【Emu】Yeah! Let's make it a really wonderhoy event!
【Saki】Yeah, super wonderhoy! C'mon Shiho, join us!
【Shiho】Huh? No, I...
[Sound] se_walk_women_003_1
【Kizaki】Hello, you three.
【Saki】Oh! Hello, Ms. Kizaki!
【Kizaki】Thank you for agreeing to help set everything up. We'll be opening soon, so let's all do our best today.
【Shiho】Yes, we promise to do our very best.
【Saki & Emu】We promise!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saki】Would you be interested in writing message cards for White Day?
[Sound] bgm00311
【Shiho】Come make cards to attach to your gifts for White Day.
【Emu】If you just want to make a message card, that's also okay!
【Male Guest】Oh... Did you say message cards...?
【Saki】(Wait, this person seems interested...)
[Sound] se_walk_women_003_1
【Saki】Welcome! Are you looking to make a message card?
【Male Guest】Y-Yes... I just bought a present for my wife, but I still need a card... Would you mind showing me what you have?
【Shiho】Of course.
【Shiho】These are the cards we have available. There are thirty types in total, so please choose whichever one you like.
【Male Guest】Wow, I didn't realize you had so many.
【Emu】Yes! We have many different types available because we want everyone to find the perfect card!
【Saki】You can even decorate your card using these stickers and stamps. Please have a look if you like!
【Male Guest】Thank you. In that case, do you have anything with animals? My wife just can't get enough of them...
【Shiho】She likes animals? In that case, she might enjoy these stickers over here.
【Male Guest】I see... Birds, rabbits, squirrels, cats... They're all very cute.
【Shiho】We also have a sample card which uses them. Feel free to take a look.
【Saki】You can even use these speech bubble stickers. It's really cute when you make it look like the animals are talking.
【Male Guest】Oh, that's a great idea! I know she'd love that.
【Male Guest】Then... Would it be alright if I wrote her a card?
【Saki】Of course! Thank you very much!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Male Guest】How does this look?
[Sound] bgm00171
【Emu】Oh wow...! So many different animals! This is absolutely adorable☆
【Male Guest】Haha. Thank you. It's been so long since I last wrote a message card...
【Male Guest】It's nice, making a card with someone specific in mind. It makes it easier to put your feelings into it...
【Male Guest】I can't wait to give this to my wife.
【Saki】We hope she really enjoys it!
[Sound] se_walk_men_003_1
【Emu】Hehe. He looked so happy!
【Shiho】Yeah, and it was nice to see just how much he liked the products we recommended.
【Saki】Definitely♪ Alright, we gotta keep up the good work and help everyone send their thoughts!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00170
[Caption] A few hours later
【Kizaki】Nice work so far, you three. Do you happen to be free right now?
【Saki】Oh, yes! How can we help you?
【Kizaki】We're starting to see a drop in guests...
【Kizaki】Would it be possible to have one of you three go out with these samples to advertise our event?
【Emu】Oh, yes! I can go do that!
【Saki】Wait, are you sure? That sounds really hard...
【Emu】I'll be fine♪ I used to do this all the time at Phoenix Wonderland. It's been a while, so I wanna give it a try☆
【Kizaki】Thank you very much. Then, if you don't mind, I'll show you where we've been given permission to advertise.
【Emu】Roger! Wish me luck, Saki, Shiho!
【Emu】I promise to send over lots and lots of guests☆
【Saki】Good luck!
[Sound] se_walk_women_003_1
[Sound] se_walk_women_003_2
【Shiho】Alright, let's keep calling over all the guests we can here.
【Saki】Right! Who seems interested...? Huh?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Female High Schooler A】...
【Saki】(That girl... She's probably around our age, right? She's inspecting each product really closely...)
[Sound] se_walk_women_003_1
【Saki】Welcome! Aren't these pens just the cutest?
[Sound] bgm00006
【Female High Schooler A】Oh, yes... They caught my eye since you don't see many pens in these colors.
【Female High Schooler A】And you have a lot of cards laid out, too. Is this some sort of event?
【Shiho】Yes, it's an event sponsored by a stationery maker called Saishi Kobo. We're currently promoting some of their new products by having guests make message cards for White Day.
【Female High Schooler A】Oh, that sounds like fun...! I actually really love these types of stationery.
【Saki】In that case, would you like to make some cards? It'll be your chance to tell those you care about most just how much you appreciate them.
【Saki】One of these cards alone would also be a really nice gift!
【Female High Schooler A】That's really tempting... I know a girl who loves these kinds of sparkly stickers.
【Female High Schooler A】Oh, but...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shiho】Is something the matter?
【Female High Schooler A】Actually, I think I'll pass... Even if I made one for her, I doubt she'd accept it.
【Saki】Huh? But...
【Shiho】Did something happen between you two...?
【Female High Schooler A】Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to say that last part. It's really nothing serious...
【Female High Schooler A】But this person and I are sort of in the middle of a fight right now...
【Shiho】I see...
【Saki】Umm... If it's alright, could you tell us more about this person?
【Female High Schooler A】Oh... So, we're childhood friends...
[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Sound] bgm00122
[Caption] Shopping Mall Premises
【Emu】Hear ye, hear ye♪ Come make cute message cards at our fun event!
【Emu】You can cram all your thoughts and feelings into your cards, and tell people just how much you care about them on White Day!
[Sound] se00034_b
【Shopper】Hey, can we stop by the arcade before we start looking at clothes?
【Shopper】Mommy, I wanna go to the toy store!
【Emu】... Everyone's all focused on their shopping...
【Emu】What do I need to do to get them excited and interested in our event...?
【???】<Oh, Emu, is that a frown I see on your face?>
[Sound] se00028_b
【MEIKO】<You sounded so excited about your White Day event when we last spoke...>
【Emu】MEIKO!
【MEIKO】<Hello! I dropped by to see how you were doing♪>
【Emu】So, I'm advertising our event to get more people to come!
【Emu】But I'm having a lot of trouble right now...
【MEIKO】<I see, so that's why. But if that's the case...>
【MEIKO】<Hehe. I have a wonderful idea! What if you...?>
【Emu】Wow, that sounds really fun!
【MEIKO】<Doesn't it? So, let's start getting everything ready♪>
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b002501
[Caption] Event Venue
【Saki】So you were out shopping, and got into a fight...
【Female High Schooler A】Yes, we got completely fed up with each other and split up. Before I knew it, I was here.
【Saki】That's terrible...
【Saki】(They came here to have fun, but they're both all alone now after their argument. That's so sad...)
【Shiho】Umm... We should probably apologize for asking you so many personal questions.
【Female High Schooler A】No, I actually feel a lot better now after telling you two...!
【Female High Schooler A】Also, thinking back on what happened, our argument really began over something tiny. We basically fought over nothing...
【Saki】Nothing?
【Female High Schooler A】So, when we met up earlier, she told me that she forgot to have breakfast.
【Female High Schooler A】Then, I responded, “You stayed up all night again, didn't you? You gotta get plenty of sleep and eat right.” And then she got mad at me...
【Shiho】I don't see anything wrong with what you said...
【Female High Schooler A】But I do go a little too far sometimes.
【Female High Schooler A】Yes, I am bothered by these sorts of little things, but she's also a bit of a mess, you know?
【Female High Schooler A】I'll point that out, and we end up in an argument like we did earlier.
【Shiho】I see... You have the exact opposite personalities.
【Saki】Don't they remind you of us when we were kids?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Female High Schooler A】What?
【Saki】You see, we're also childhood friends. And we argued all the time when we were little.
【Shiho】Now that you mention it, we are pretty similar...
【Female High Schooler A】Excuse me, but how did you two make up each time?
【Saki】Hmm... How did we make up?
【Shiho】Honami or Ichika usually stepped in to stop us every time we began arguing...
【Saki】That's right! They did all sorts of stuff to help us make up!
[Sound] bgm00039
【Shiho】Yeah. They had us have snacks together, or play at the park...
【Shiho】Neither of us would budge in the beginning, but we usually realized how silly we were being.
【Saki】Hehe. Before we knew it, we'd completely forget about whatever argument we were having.
【Shiho】Also... Whenever we'd fight, you'd suddenly apologize out of nowhere, Saki.
【Saki】That's because it always hurt really bad when we were fighting. And not getting to play with you always made me so sad...
【Female High Schooler A】We might not be any different.
【Saki & Shiho】Huh?
【Female High Schooler A】My friend is usually the one who takes the first step in patching things up...
【Female High Schooler A】She'll share fun videos with me or invite me out somewhere. We'll talk and laugh, and go back to being friends like nothing had happened.
【Shiho】I've never really thought about us like this before, but it really isn't common for people with completely different personalities to stay friends for years and years.
【Female High Schooler A】That's a good point... A part of me just figured that we'd never be rid of each other.
【Female High Schooler A】But maybe the real reason we've stuck together all this time is because she makes a real effort to stay with me...
【Saki】(She makes a real effort...)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_f000701
[Background Change] bg_b002501
【Saki】(We split apart for a time... But we were able to get our band back together and become friends again.)
【Saki】(Those things alone made me unbelievably happy...)
【Saki】(But we're able to stay together like this now because they're all doing their best to make sure we don't get scattered to the wind again.)
【Saki】(In other words...)
【Saki】It's hard to realize this kind of thing while just living day to day...
【Saki】But it really makes you want to say, “Thank you!” to the people who try so hard to stay by your side, huh?
【Shiho】Saki...
【Female High Schooler A】I agree... It's pretty amazing, isn't it?
【Female High Schooler A】I... I want to tell her.
【Saki】Hehe. In that case, we recommend writing her a card!
【Shiho】Yes, we can help you further if you like.
【Female High Schooler A】Thank you very much! Then, if it's alright, I think I'd like to make my friend a message card.
【Saki】Yes, of course!
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Caption] Shopping Mall Premises
【Emu】Hehe☆ I'm so glad we managed to find the perfect puppet for you, MEIKO. It's so cute♪
【MEIKO】<Hehe. I'm looking forward to giving it a voice!>
【MEIKO】<So, Emu! Let's get this show on the road.>
【Emu】Yeah!
[Sound] se00055_b
【Emu】“White Day is just around the corner! I really wanna tell my friend just how much I appreciate them!”
[Sound] bgm00089
【Puppet】<I have just the thing for you, Emu! Here, take this♪>
【Emu】“Wow, this card's so beautiful!”
【Puppet】<Why don't you take this card, decorate it and write a nice message for your friend?>
【Puppet】<It'll be a true one-of-a-kind!>
【Emu】“I wanna try doing that! Can you show me how to decorate it, Ms. Puppet?”
【Puppet】<Of course! Let's work on it together!>
[Sound] se00034_b
【Shopper】What's going on over there? A puppet show?
【Shopper】Hey, what's she making?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Emu】“I just gotta put these stickers on, and... It's finished☆”
[Sound] bgm00171
【Puppet】<Nice work, Emu! What a lovely card!>
【Emu】“Thanks! So, Ms. Puppet, this is for you!”
【Emu】“Thank you for always playing with me!”
【Puppet】<Oh...! Hehe. Thank you as well!>
【Emu】“Hehe♪ I hope we keep being friends forever and ever!”
[Sound] se00306_b
[Sound] se00306_b
【Shopper】Writing message cards sounds fun. Wanna go take a look?
【Shopper】Yeah. Let's go check out the event area in the courtyard.
【Emu】Oh, MEIKO, our plan's working!
【MEIKO】<We did it, Emu!>
【???】...
【Emu】(Huh...? That girl just keeps staring at the sign for the event...)
【Emu】(Does this mean she wants to make a message card for someone?)
[Sound] se_run_women_002_1
【Emu】Hello! Are you interested in writing some message cards?
【Female High Schooler B】Oh, no. I'm okay. I was just thinking that my friend would really enjoy this event.
【Emu】I see! You came here with your friend today?
【Female High Schooler B】Yeah. We came to grab some donuts here, since we heard that they're pretty good.
【Emu】Oh, they smell really yummy!
【Emu】Wait... Where is your friend?
【Female High Schooler B】Oh... We actually got into an argument a bit ago.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Emu】What?! You got into an argument...?
【Female High Schooler B】At this point, it's sort of a regular occurrence.
【Female High Schooler B】I mean, she's just so nit-picky. “You need to eat a proper breakfast”, or “your skirt's too short, fix it”, that kind of thing...
【Female High Schooler B】So I said, “What are you, my mom?” After that, things got really out of hand.
【Female High Schooler B】And we both ended up storming off.
【Emu】I see...
【Emu】It sounds like she cares about you a lot!
[Sound] bgm00195
【Female High Schooler B】Huh?
【Emu】So, I also have a friend in class who's always telling me not to run in the corridor because it's dangerous, and how I'm going to catch a cold if I don't dress warmer...
【Emu】I feel bad and apologize every time, but I also feel a little happy.
【Female High Schooler B】Happy?
【Emu】Hehe. Because her saying that means she doesn't want me to trip and get hurt, or feel gross after picking up a nasty cold.
【Emu】Which is why my heart feels really warm every time!
【Female High Schooler B】... I see. You're such a nice person.
【Emu】Huh?
【Female High Schooler B】And you're right. When she said what she did, I got really irritated...
【Female High Schooler B】But she wouldn't scold me like that if she didn't care about me.
【Female High Schooler B】In hindsight... I feel like I should show her at least some appreciation.
[Background Change] bg_s000422
【Emu】Then, what if you did that now? By writing her a message card!
【Female High Schooler B】Huh...?
【Emu】You could give it to her with the donuts... I bet you two will be smiling like peas in a pod afterwards!
【Female High Schooler B】I'm not sure I can make her a good card... Could you help me with that?
【Emu】Yes! I'll give you all the help you need!
[Background Change] bg_a001701
【Female High Schooler B】Haha. Okay. Then, I'll give it a try.
【Female High Schooler B】Oh, I should see if she'll agree to meet up again later. Let's see... <Can we talk again today one more time?>
[Sound] se00183_b
[Sound] se00004_b
【Female High Schooler B】Oh, she replied... Wait, what?!
[Sound] se00183_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【Emu】Huh...?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b002501
[Caption] Several dozen minutes later
[Caption] Event Venue
【Female High Schooler A】I've finished writing my message.
【Saki】Congratulations! Your card is all set to go now♪
【Female High Schooler A】Yeah, but... It still looks a little dull, you know?
【Shiho】I don't see anything wrong with a simple design, but I do see your point. You still have plenty of space left.
【Female High Schooler A】I feel like I should add some more decorations that glitter and sparkle, since she likes those kinds of things. I just don't have much of a sense for that kind of thing myself.
【Saki】Okay. Glittery and sparkly...
【Saki】Oh, what about these rhinestones?!
【Female High Schooler A】Rhinestones?
【Saki】Yes! You could write her name using them, or create her favorite shapes and such!
【Saki】Oh, this smiley face might also be a nice touch!
【Female High Schooler A】I see... These would brighten things up a lot.
【Saki】Exactly! Also...
【???】<Sakki... Sakki, can you hear me?>
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saki】Sorry, I'll just be a moment!
[Sound] se_run_women_003_1
[Sound] se00028_b
【Saki】Hi, Rin! You came to visit?
【Rin】<Hehe. I've been taking quick peeks here and there, because you two have been so busy♪>
[Sound] bgm00024
【Rin】<Anyway, if you wanna make her card really shine, then why not use the you-know-what?>
【Saki】The what? Oh, the sparkly masking tape?
【Rin】<Yeah! She could create an outer border for her card. Or some cute stars and hearts and stuff!>
【Rin】<Throw in the rhinestones you just suggested, and her card's gonna shine like crazy☆>
【Saki】Yeah, good point!
【Saki】Thanks, Rin! I'll try suggesting that!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se_walk_women_003_1
[Sound] se_walk_women_003_2
【Emu】Let's see... Saki and Shiho should be... Oh, there they are!
【Saki】Hi, Emu! Thanks for going out to advertise for us!
[Sound] se_walk_women_003_1
[Sound] se_walk_women_003_2
【Female High Schooler B】Oh, this is where the event's taking place?
【Female High Schooler A】Oh...
【Female High Schooler B】...
【Female High Schooler B】So, uhh... There's something I wanna give you.
【Female High Schooler A】Yeah, me too...
【Female High Schooler A】I know we fight all the time... But thank you for sticking with me.
【Female High Schooler B】Huh? This card... It's so sparkly and cute!! Did you put these stickers on yourself?
[Sound] bgm00193
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Background Change] bg_b002501
【Female High Schooler A】This card's also really cute...! There's stationery, donuts and all my other favorite things.
【Female High Schooler B】That girl over there showed me what to do. You have no idea how hard it was to get everything to balance out.
【Female High Schooler B】I also wrote you a message... Thanks for always looking out for me.
【Female High Schooler B】I... I really appreciate it.
【Saki】(They both look so happy...)
【Saki】(I'm glad they could both make their feelings known.)
【Female High Schooler A】Umm... Thanks for helping us out like this.
【Saki】No, I'm just glad that she ended up liking it so much!
【Female High Schooler A】Me too. We've been together for so long that I think I started to take her for granted...
【Female High Schooler A】So, I'm glad that I got a chance to thank her for being my friend.
【Female High Schooler B】Thank you so much! Making that card was so much fun!
【Emu】I also had a lot of fun!
【Female High Schooler A】Thank you all very much.
[Sound] se_walk_women_003_1
[Sound] se_walk_women_003_2
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00180
[Caption] A few hours later
【Kizaki】Alright, now that we've finished cleaning everything up, this event is officially over. Thank you all for your hard work.
【Emu, Saki & Shiho】Thank you for having us!
【Kizaki】I even received word from Saishi Kobo that we did a wonderful job of promoting their new products.
【Saki】Wow, that's great...!
【Kizaki】Yes, thank you all again. As a reward, would you all like to take home some of the products we had on display here today?
【Shiho】Wait, we're allowed to do that...?
【Kizaki】Yes. The other employees were impressed by how passionately you all spoke about Saishi Kobo's products with the guests.
【Kizaki】If anything, I'm inclined to believe that they'd want you to take whatever you like.
【Shiho】Thank you very much. In that case, we accept.
【Kizaki】Excellent. We have everything set up in the back, so please make sure to stop by before you head out.
【Saki】(I'm so glad we got to help out with this event...)
【Saki】(Working with all those guests and showing them how great Saishi Kobo's products really are was so much fun...)
[Sound] se00053_b
【Male Guest】It's nice, making a card with someone specific in mind. It makes it easier to put your feelings into it...
【Male Guest】I can't wait to give this to my wife.
【Female High Schooler A】Me too. We've been together for so long that I think I started to take her for granted...
【Female High Schooler A】So, I'm glad that I got a chance to thank her for being my friend.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saki】(Come to think of it...)
【Saki】(There are a ton of people who I haven't really had a chance to thank properly yet.)
【Saki】Shiho! Emu!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] White Day
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Tsukasa】Alright, it looks like we're all here.
【Tsukasa】This is Rui's and my way of thanking all of you for everything that you do day to day. Enjoy, and bon appetit!
【Emu】Wow...! These cookies all have pictures on them!
【Rui】We used icing on them. Each one has a unique design and message on it. Take any that suit your fancy.
【Nene】Oh, right... Today's White Day, huh?
【Miku】Wow☆ This one has a Ferris wheel on it! And this one has a merry-go-round!
【Rin】That's so cool☆ I can't decide which to choose.
【Emu】Thanks, Tsukasa, Rui!
【Emu】So, I also have something that I wanna give all of you.
【Tsukasa】Give us?
【Emu】Ta-daa! I wrote message cards to show just how much I appreciate all of you guys☆
【Emu】Starting with you, Tsukasa! Here's yours!
【Tsukasa】Oh...! I'd heard that you went to help out with an event involving making cards, but I wasn't expecting to receive one...
【Tsukasa】Thank you very much! Hm...? All these star stickers...
【Tsukasa】Ah, I see! They must represent the shining star that I am!
【Emu】Ding ding ding!
【Emu】I'm always encouraged by the way you do your absolute best every day! This is my way of thanking you for that!
【Tsukasa】I could say the same for you, Emu. Let us both keep moving forward down the path to stardom!
【Emu】Yeah!
【Emu】Next is... Rui! Here you are!
【Rui】Thank you. Hehe. Mine has robots and a jack-in-the-box on it.
【Emu】Hehe. That's because you're always making robots and coming up with fun effects that surprise the audience☆
【Emu】Thanks for everything, Rui!
【Rui】Thank you as well. I'm constantly inspired by your sheer athletic talent and free imagination.
【Emu】Next! Drum roll please... Here's your card, Nene!
【Nene】Wow, these stickers are really cute... Musical notes, and a princess singing a song?
【Emu】Yup! Because you're always making lots and lots of people smile with your beautiful singing voice!
【Nene】Emu...
【Emu】And thank you for always hanging out with me! Let's go grab some taiyaki again in the future!
【Nene】Hehe. I'd love to... Let's hang out again soon.
【Emu】Next are my cards for everyone in SEKAI!
【Luka】Oh, you made cards for us?
【MEIKO】Hehe. That's so nice of you! Let's form a line, shall we?
【Len & Rin】Woohoo!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Sound] bgm_area00001
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Saki】Alright, I'd like to begin our fun and exciting message card exchange party!
【Ichika】We heard that we were going to be making our own message cards and exchanging them with each other...
【Miku】But how are we actually supposed to make our cards?
【Rin】Heh heh heh. Don't worry. We'll teach you guys everything that you need to know!
【Saki】Right! Starting with you, Ichi!
【Ichika】O-Okay...!
【Saki】I made your card in the shape of a guitar!
【Ichika】Oh, look at that... It even has cactus stickers on it.
【Saki】“I really admire how you're so passionate about what you do, Ichi.”
【Saki】“When you decide to do something, you just move straight toward it. You don't know how many times you've helped me by doing that.”
【Ichika】Saki...
【Saki】“I'm really glad that you're my friend, so thank you! I hope we get to be besties forever and ever!”
【Ichika】Thanks, Saki... You've also been a huge source of support for me.
【Ichika】I really appreciate you making this card for me. I promise to cherish it.
【Rin】Alright, I wanna go next!
【Rin】Who should I do first...? Hmm... Okay, MEIKO, I choose you!
【MEIKO】Hm? Me?
【Rin】Yeah! “Thank you for always helping me whenever I'm in trouble!”
【Rin】“Not only do you run our practices really well, you even go all out when we're having fun together! I really love how reliable and full of energy you are☆”
【MEIKO】Hehe. Are these hearts a representation of just how much you love me?
【Rin】Bingo! And this smiley face is you!
【MEIKO】Thank you, Rin. Please feel free to ask me for help whenever.
【Rin】Hehe♪
【Saki】Alright, next...
【Shiho】I think I'm up. Ready, Honami?
【Honami】Y-Yes, I'm ready!
【Shiho】There's no need to feel so anxious.
【Shiho】Anyway... I wanted to make you something that you'd really like, but as expected, they didn't exactly have an apple pie-shaped card or pie stickers.
【Shiho】So, I decided to use masking tape to get something close. Take a look.
【Honami】Wow...! You really made this, Shiho?
【Shiho】“You always keep a close eye on those around you and have their best interests at heart.”
【Shiho】“There's probably a lot of good that you've done that I don't even know about.”
【Shiho】“I firmly believe that we were only able to get this far because of you, Honami. Please keep being the great leader that you are.”
【Honami】Shiho...
【Honami】I really appreciate you saying all this, Shiho. And this card you made for me is so beautiful...
【Honami】Thank you. I promise to treasure it forever.
【Len】This feels like a great way to enjoy your youth.
【Luka】Yes, I feel like writing some thank-you messages too now.
【Saki】Hehe. Then, we can pass out the rest later. For now, let's start making our cards!
【Rin】Let us know if you have any questions♪
【Shiho】We also brought decorative pens and such, so feel free to use them as you like.
【KAITO】Umm... So many choices... I don't know which to pick...
【Saki】Choosing a recipient will make that a lot easier. For example, for Miku's card...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] A few days later
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-B
【Saki】Captain Emu! At last, it's only us in this classroom!
【Emu】Excellent! Then...
【Saki & Emu】It's time for our after-party!
[Sound] bgm00190
【Shiho】Keep it down. There might still be people staying after school in the other classrooms.
【Saki】Okay!
【Saki】I brought a ton of snacks! Have as much as you like!
【Emu】And I brought the juice! So, get your glasses ready!
【Emu】Alright, cheers!
【Saki & Shiho】Cheers! Cheers.
【Saki】Oh, Emu, that reminds me. Did you get a chance to give Tsukasa and the others their cards?
【Emu】Yup! I told them lots and lots about how much I appreciate them! How about you two, Saki?
【Saki】We also passed out our cards! And afterwards, we made some more together.
【Shiho】But it took a while to write our messages, since we were making cards for literally everyone.
【Emu】Oh, that sounds really fun☆
【Saki】It was! But I actually still have two cards left to give...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Emu】Oh, I also still have two! What about you, Shiho?
【Shiho】Same... I mean, do we really need to make a big show of this?
【Saki】Hehe♪ Then, I'll start with... My card for you, Emu!
【Emu】Okay!
【Saki】“You have a talent for cheering people up and making everyone around you smile, Emu.”
[Sound] bgm00195
【Saki】“That's why I always have fun whenever I'm with you. During our shadowing and while we helped out with the event, I was smiling the whole time because of you.”
【Saki】“And I really admire how hard you're working to make your dream a reality.”
【Saki】“I wouldn't have learned as much as I did about how these sorts of events are run if it weren't for you, Emu!”
【Saki】“So, thank you for this wonderful experience! I hope we get to do more stuff like this in the future!”
【Emu】Hehehe... Oh no... I don't know what to say... I feel so happy...
【Emu】Thanks for this, Saki! Next, Shiho, it's my turn to give you your card!
【Emu】“I really admire how cool and collected you always are, Shiho.”
【Emu】“But the way you smile whenever you look at something cute is also really adorable! The expression you make is so nice.”
【Shiho】...
【Emu】“Even during our shadowing, you stayed focused and made sure our discussion went smoothly.”
【Emu】“I love how you're both really serious and really nice, Shiho! Thank you for always being such an amazing person☆”
【Shiho】You're welcome.
【Shiho】Alright, I guess this means... I'm giving you my card next, Saki?
【Saki】Yup!
【Shiho】“We've known each other forever and been through a lot...”
【Shiho】“And you've become the person who best knows how to get me to go places and do stuff.”
【Shiho】“I don't like wasting time, which usually means I push off taking breaks or hanging out with everyone...”
【Shiho】“But you know how to get me to do it. There were times when I just went along to make you stop begging me...”
【Shiho】“Still, I usually end up enjoying whatever we do wherever we go. Our shadowing and that event we helped out with included.”
【Shiho】You get worked up really easily, so I try not to say this too often...
【Shiho】But thank you for always taking me around places, Saki. You too, Otori.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000417
[Sound] bgm00159
【Saki】Thanks for saying that, Shiho!
[Sound] se00121_b
【Emu】Time for a thank you group hug!
[Sound] se00121_b
【Shiho】Wait, don't throw yourselves at me like that.
【Shiho】*Sigh* This is exactly what I was afraid of...
[Background Change] bg_a000401
【Saki】Hehe♪ It's your fault for saying what you did.
【Emu】All's well that ends well☆
【Shiho】I'm not sure that's the phrase I'd use...
【Shiho】Anyway, I hope we get to keep doing stuff together.
【Saki & Emu】Us too!
[Sound] se00121_b
【Saki】(I'm so glad we got to visit the same company together. I feel like we're a lot closer to each other now.)
【Saki】(And I'm really glad that I got this chance to show them just how much I appreciate them.)
【Saki】(Because now I understand that us all being together is sort of a miracle...)
【Saki】(So, I'm gonna make sure to thank them as much as I can moving forward!)
[Sound] bgm00000
