【Kamishiro Rui — Evasive Entertainer〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Evasive Entertainer（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 016003_rui02

[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Mascot】Our recent show was a great success.
【Mascot】Many in the audience have said that they would like to watch it again.
【Tsukasa】That's great. I'm glad to hear everyone enjoyed themselves.
【Emu】Wonderhoy! Seeing everyone smile was the best part☆
【Emu】I have an idea! Let's perform every day so that we can make even more people smile!
【Rui】Every day...
【Nene】I don't think that's possible...
【Emu】What?! Why?! You don't want to perform anymore?
【Nene】That's not why I said that...
【Nene】It's just, we all have school, so it's not realistic for us to perform every day...
【Emu】Oh...
【Rui】Well, I was performing by myself every day before I joined this troupe, though.
【Rui】Still, it won't be easy to get everyone to come here every day to perform together.
【Tsukasa】If the quality of our performance drops as a result, that would do more harm than good as well.
【Emu】I see... It's a shame we can't do it, but I understand.
【Rui】Let's focus on doing weekend shows for now. It's easier to attract an audience during that time period anyway.
【Rui】Besides, we're still in the midst of figuring out what we can do with the number of people we have.
【Rui】So let's just experiment on different things for now.
【Tsukasa】Experiment... You'd better not be having any funny ideas.
【Rui】What sort of funny ideas are you thinking about?
【Tsukasa】Simply put, human experimentation...
【Nene】Putting aside whether you'll be experimented on...
【Tsukasa】Don't brush it off just like that!
【Nene】The thing is... If we're going to keep this stage going, we can't keep performing the same show all the time. What are we going to do about that?
【Rui】I already have something in mind.
【Rui】We'll continue on with Pegasus Odyssey as our regular show, while preparing for a new script and show in between.
【Nene】Preparing for a new show while performing regularly means it'll be a while before we can finish the new one, right?
【Rui】Yes, I've thought about that too. We won't change the main plot of our regular show, but we can add impromptu lines and rearrange some scenes.
【Rui】This keeps the play fresh and will encourage the audience to come back repeatedly.
【Tsukasa】Good point! Shows with slight scene variations between their matinee and night performances do exist, after all!
【Rui】Hehe, I'm glad you're so quick on the uptake.
【Tsukasa】Alright! We'll stick with that plan for now, then!
【Rui】Okay. Now that we're agreed on the general direction to take for the near future, let's talk more about the specifics.
【Tsukasa】Well then, why don't we decide on a practice schedule for our regular performances first?
【Tsukasa】Refining our basic performance would make it easier for us to ad-lib or add impromptu actions, right?
【Rui】That's true. When is everyone free?
【Tsukasa】Now that our practice dates are settled, it's time for us to think about what to do for our next script!
【Rui】Yes... Does anyone already have something in mind?
【Emu】Me! Me! I want to do a soft and fluffy show next!
【Tsukasa】That's a very abstract description, as usual...
【Rui】Soft and fluffy... How about A Midsummer Night's Dream, then?
【Tsukasa】That's a play by Shakespeare, right? Which part of that play is soft or fluffy, though?
【Rui】Every character in that play is soft, remember? In the head.
【Tsukasa】Hey now! I mean, you're not wrong, but...
【Emu】What's the story about? Do you know, Nene?
【Nene】Yes, but... We can't do that play with just four people.
【Rui】Well, that's where our most capable scriptwriter and superstar comes in, right?
【Tsukasa】You want me to adapt the play?!
【Rui】I'm just itching to put my stage direction into good use. How should I depict that midsummer night?
【Rui】Yes... Whose head shall I turn into a donkey's?
【Tsukasa】When you're the one saying it, it's too real to be funny...
【Emu】It sounds like so much fun! Let's do that! I wanna be the soft and fluffy character!
【Tsukasa】You need to think before you speak!
【Rui】(I don't know what kind of shows this troupe will become capable of performing as we go along, but...)
【Rui】I hope our next performance will make everyone happy as well.
[Sound] bgm00000
