【Aoyagi Toya — Happy Birthday! 2025〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: Happy Birthday! 2025（BD）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 012035_touya02

[Background Change] bg_d001201
[Caption] Toya's birthday
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
【Tsukasa's Voice】We're glad you're here, Toya!
【Saki's Voice】Welcome! Please, come on in♪
【Toya's Voice】Okay. Pardon me.
[Sound] se00043_b
【Toya】These decorations... They're all made out of origami and other crafts. It all looks so lovely and extravagant.
【Toya】Was this your handiwork, Saki?
【Saki】You can tell?! That's Toya for you!
【Saki】Okay, I'm in the lead with one point♪
【Tsukasa】Heh, not for long. Take a close look at the table, Toya!
【Toya】Oh, those sandwiches look delicious. You've even decorated with flowers...
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah! This is the very ESSENCE of hospitality!
【Tsukasa】However, this is only the beginning! No, only the “B”!
【Tsukasa】Today, Toya, I'll leave you stunned, speechless and smiling! And to that end, I've prepared a magic show for you!
【Toya】A magic show...!
【Toya】I remember you putting some on for me when we were little. How nostalgic...
【Tsukasa】Ah! So you do remember!
【Tsukasa】To tell the truth, I went around asking Rui, Nene, Akito and Shiraishi for ideas on what sort of birthday party you would enjoy.
【Tsukasa】In the end, we came upon the thought that it should be one which is possible specifically because of all the time we've spent together!
【Tsukasa】And after much deliberation, I came up with this nostalgic magic show idea!
【Tsukasa】You had such a great smile when I put them on back then. So today, I'll use my new tricks to make it reappear!
【Toya】Okay. I'm very much looking forward to it.
【Toya】That reminds me, I heard that you spoke with Akiyama about today, Saki.
【Saki】Yup! Kohane, Haruka and Emu helped out a bunch too!
【Saki】And the theme I landed on for my birthday idea was “Play together for lots of laughs”... So...
【Saki】I actually put together a remake of one of the games the three of us played way back when!
【Tsukasa】Wh-What did you say...?!
【Toya】So you've also prepared a nostalgic activity for us, Saki.
【Saki】Sheesh, I can't believe we came up with the same thing after talking with different people!
【Saki】But the game I put together isn't just the same old, it's leveled up! You can expect great stuff♪
【Tsukasa】I see... As expected of my sister, you never disappoint!
【Tsukasa】Saki, it's time to see who can make today more fun for Toya... Let us have a fair match!
【Saki】Bring it on, Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】Great! Now, you two, please pick a glass of juice from the table!
【Toya】Okay.
【Tsukasa】I hereby declare Toya's birthday celebration begun!
【Tsukasa】Cheers!
【Toya & Saki】Cheers. Cheers♪
[Sound] bgm00000
【Toya】Oh, I rolled a five. That means... I stop at this space with the drawing of Saki on it.
[Sound] bgm00089
【Saki】Ooh! You hit the jackpot, Toya! Here's your snack prize♪
【Tsukasa】Saki, do I also get a treat if I land there?
【Saki】Swing and a miss. We're rivals today, so you would get a penalty!
【Tsukasa】What?!
【Tsukasa】Now then, it's time for Mr. Pegasus' Mystifying Magic Show to begin!
【Tsukasa】First, a little warm-up. I'll make this coin disappear!
【Tsukasa】I take this perfectly average coin, and run a table napkin over it... You can tell the coin is still here through the cloth, yes?
【Toya & Saki】Yes. Uh-huh.
【Tsukasa】However! Mr. Pegasus' magic hands can make it disappear simply by grasping it! Watch!
【Saki】Whaaat?! The coin's gone?!
【Toya】Incredible... My mind understands that there must be a trick to it, but I couldn't find any tells.
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah! Don't be surprised just yet! Look, next I shall make that sandwich disappear!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Toya】Thank you both very much.
【Toya】I was certain this would be a great birthday, but I enjoyed it twice as much as I expected... No, even more than that.
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah hah hah! Of course you did, with the two of us leading things!
【Tsukasa】Now, I believe it's about time to decide our match.
【Saki】Yeah!
【Saki】Which was more fun, Toya? My game, or Tsukasa's show?
【Toya】...!
【Toya】(Oh no...)
【Toya】(I was having so much fun, I completely forgot about the contest.)
【Toya】(How could I let this happen...? They were both so passionate about their battle, but I simply enjoyed myself without a care in the world!)
[Sound] bgm00015
【Tsukasa】Hm...? Toya?
【Toya】No, it's not too late. I'll just remember each thing that happened since I arrived.
【Toya】First were the decorations in the living room and on the table. I'd struggle to decide which of them did better at that stage.
【Toya】After that was the board game, which was a masterful expansion on the old handmade one we played as kids. That provided a mix of nostalgia and excitement.
【Saki】Toya? You with us...?
【Toya】But Tsukasa's magic show had nostalgia too, and was also full of humor and rife with surprises. Before I knew it, my eyes were glued to his performance.
【Toya】What am I to compare, and by what means? How am I to decide a winner and loser?
【Toya】Point deductions... No, there was nothing to take away points for... So, I award points?!
【Toya】But for me to assign point values to their ideas and passionate creativity...!
【Toya】Still, if I don't come to a decision somehow, I won't be able to give these two the answer they wa—
【Tsukasa】T-Toya, our apologies!!! This was wrong!
【Saki】Sorry, Toya! We didn't mean to stress you out like this!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】That was our mistake, Toya. We became too swept up in it.
【Toya】No, I should be the one apologizing.
【Toya】It's hard to say whether the game or the show “won.”
【Toya】I really...
【Toya】I truly had so much fun.
[Sound] bgm00112
【Tsukasa】Great. And I'm glad I get to see this smile.
【Saki】Yeah, me too!
【Saki】Happy birthday, Toya!
【Tsukasa】Happy birthday!
【Toya】Thank you... I really appreciate it.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000317
[Sound] bgm00241
【Ena】Happy birthday, Toya!
【Airi & Shizuku】Happy birthday!
【Ena】Thanks for looking out for Akito. He gets in over his head if you leave him be, so it's a huge help that you're around.
【Airi】Funny, you're talking like an older sister or something.
【Ena】Because I am one, thank you very much.
【Shizuku】Hehe. It's so important to have someone by your side chasing the same dream.
【Airi】Right. I'm sure you don't need to hear this, but be sure to take good care of your friends. I hope your birthday's great!
【Rui】Happy birthday, Aoyagi. Did you enjoy Mr. Pegasus' magic show?
【Tsukasa】Rui helped me with the finer movements and Nene gave me advice on how to communicate with my audience. It all came very much in handy during the show!
【Nene】It did? I'm glad I was able to contribute a little.
【Nene】Um, Aoyagi... Happy birthday. I'll bring your present and stuff on Monday.
【Rui】Hehehe. We chose the finest gift available. I'm sure you'll like it.
【Mizuki】Happy birthday, Toya♪
【Haruka & Emu】Happy birthday!
【Saki】Haruka, Emu, Mizuki! Thanks for helping me decide what kind of game to do and stuff!
【Haruka】Hehe, it was for a special occasion. I wanted to help make his birthday a good one.
【Emu】Yeah! I'm happy Toya's all smiles too☆
【Mizuki】Same here! Wish I could've seen it myself...
【Emu】Then, let's all go celebrate now♪ We'll get to see him all smiley!
【Mizuki】Awesome plan! Okay guys, let's get going! Go, go, go!
【Haruka】Huh? Otori?!
【Saki】Whoa, Mizuki, wait!
【Akito】Happy birthday, Toya.
【Kohane & An】Happy birthday!
【Kohane】I guess you never decided on a winner of Saki and Tsukasa's competition. I'm curious how they decided to celebrate.
【An】Yeah, since we came up with a bunch of ideas! You'll have to tell us which parts you liked.
【Akito】It won't be long before we see him at practice. Just ask him then.
【An】True that!
【Kohane】We'll talk to you later, Aoyagi. See you at practice!
[Background Change] bg_c000401
【Toya】My birthday party with Tsukasa and Saki was so much fun.
【Toya】Evidently, Kamishiro, Kiritani and many others discussed ideas with them.
【Toya】To think so many people gave my birthday that much thought...
【Toya】I'm so grateful.
【Toya】They celebrated my birthday from the bottom of their hearts.
【Toya】That means I need to keep this feeling of gratitude with me as I live out the year.
[Sound] bgm00000
