【Azusawa Kohane — Sea Glass Full Of Feelings〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: Sea Glass Full Of Feelings（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: The BEST Summer Ever!
scenarioId: 009010_kohane01

[Background Change] bg_a003801
[Caption] Swimming Beach
【Kohane】This was so much fun, but it's really coming to an end.
【Honami】Yes. We'll be on the bus home soon.
【Emu】But we're still here and we still have time, so it's not over yet!
【Saki】Yeah, Emu's right! Let's have as much fun as we possibly can until we have to get on that bus!
【Kohane】Hehe. Let's!
【Kohane】What should we do first?
【Emu】Oh, pick me! There's actually this place I want to check out♪
【Emu】I went exploring when I had some free time and found a spot where there's a ton of shells and sparkly rocks!
【Honami】Sparkly rocks...?
【Kohane】Oh, are you talking about sea glass?
【Emu】Yeah, those!
【Saki】Oh, sea glass...! I've been wanting to find some too!
【Kohane】Then let's go see!
【Emu】Yay! This way, everyone☆
【Emu】Here we are♪ Let's start looking!
【Saki】Thanks, Emu! Alright, time to find some sea glass...!
【Kohane】Oh, I found some! I see piles of small ones here and there too!
【Saki】You're right! They're so colorful!
【Kohane】Yeah, they are!
【Kohane】(I wonder if we could make something since there's so much.)
【Emu】Hmm...
【Kohane】Emu, are you not taking any?
【Emu】I will. Later. I'm looking for stars right now.
【Kohane】Stars? Are you looking for a starfish?
【Emu】No, they're really really small. A lot smaller than a starfish.
【Emu】When I was little, my mom went to do volunteer work on this tropical island and brought back this little bottle full of tiny stars!
【Honami】It came from a tropical island...? Was it a bottle of star sand?
【Kohane】Yes, I think it was too.
【Kohane】But I'm not really sure if you'll be able to find any here.
【Honami】Yes, that may be quite challenging. The water here would need to be very clean and rife with live coral reefs like in the tropics...
【Emu】I guess you're right. That's too bad...
【Saki】Yeah, it sounds like there's only a few places in the world where you can find them.
【Saki】But star-shaped sand does sound really cool. I don't think I've ever seen any before.
【Emu】Yeah! I wonder how they became that way...
【Saki】Hmm... Maybe they were like that to begin with? No, they'd become round like sea glass over time...
【Emu】Oh, I know! What if they're rocks that become all pointy really easily?
【Emu】As they're tossed and turned in the water, they'll bump into lots of things and eventually become stars!
【Saki】Yeah, you might be right!
【Kohane】I think I heard somewhere once that they're the remains of a certain type of microbe.
【Honami】Yes, I believe you're right...
【Honami】But I'd hate to ruin their fun since they seem to be enjoying themselves so much.
【Kohane】Hehe. I feel the same way.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Kohane】We found so much sea glass!
[Sound] bgm00024
【Saki】Yeah, we did! We might even be able to make something using them!
【Kohane】Oh, I was wondering if we could do that too.
【Kohane】Like decorating a photo frame with them or something...
【Honami】A photo frame?
【Kohane】Yeah! You could take an ordinary wooden or plastic photo frame from the store and paste sea glass on them.
【Kohane】You could even make a sort of mosaic with them and give the photo frame more life.
【Saki】Whoa! And we could frame pics from our Seaside School trip in them!
【Emu】Yeah! That's a super wonderhoy idea!
【Honami】I agree! I still wasn't sure what gifts to bring back for everyone, but this would be perfect.
【Honami】Would you mind telling us how to make them, Kohane?
【Saki】Oh, I wanna learn too!
【Emu】Me too! Me too!
【Kohane】Yes, of course. But we'll need to find some suitable photo frames for our sea glass first...
【Saki】Oh, does that mean we're gonna go shopping sometime soon?!
【Emu】Yay! That sounds like so much fun!
【Honami】Hehe. Then why don't we pick a date that works for all of us while we head back to our room?
【Kohane】Yeah, they are!
[Sound] bgm00000
