【KAITO — Mentors We Can Count On〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: KAITO
Card: Mentors We Can Count On（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Dear Me, From Back Then
scenarioId: 026020_kaito01

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] One month before the solo show
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Luka】Just one month to go until the girls' solo show.
【MEIKO】I'm so fired up about it... I mean, we've been watching over them for so long, and their big moment's finally arrived.
【KAITO】I understand how you feel. They've been making a concerted effort to make sure their fans really enjoy the show, so I'm looking forward to seeing how it turns out.
【MEIKO】Not only that, but they did great during Airi's training camp.
【KAITO】Yes, they did. I'm sure their fans are just as excited for the show as we are.
【KAITO】Hm? Oh, they arrived right on cue.
【Airi】Oh, KAITO! And MEIKO and Luka too! Do you all have a second?
【MEIKO】Yes, how can we help?
【Airi】We apologize in advance since we're not sure if we should be asking you about this, but...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【KAITO】I see. So this is about setting up your venue and figuring out a designated route for the audience...
【Haruka】Yes. For the fan event we did the other day, we were able to come up with a plan for all that with the help of the staff...
【Haruka】But we ran into some trouble when it came to actually setting everything up, which led to quite a bit of confusion among everyone. We were hoping to avoid that this time.
【Airi】Considering how this event's gonna be even bigger and means a lot more than that one, we can't let the same thing happen again.
【Shizuku】Which is why we're here right now. With our previous mistakes in mind, we'd like to ask for your opinions regarding this.
【Minori】W-Will you help us?
【KAITO】Of course! I'll be more than happy to!
【Minori】R-Really?!
【KAITO】Yes, since you've all been working very hard towards making your solo show a success. As such, I'd like to help you girls out in any way I can.
【KAITO】Also...
【Shizuku】Also?
【KAITO】Getting to work on your behind the scenes for your big show sounds like fun!
【MEIKO】You really are an open book, aren't you?
【KAITO】Haha. What's wrong with being honest about how I feel?
【KAITO】Plus, working on their show behind-the-scenes means we're helping them shine on stage.
【Haruka】Oh...
[Sound] se00053
【KAITO】I believe idols have the ability to spread hope to not just their fans but also inspire all of those who help make their shows happen.
【KAITO】Imagine putting together the stage on which your favorite idols are going to shine like the sun.
【KAITO】That'd definitely put a smile on my face.
【MEIKO】He's right. We've been wondering how the preparations for your show were going, so getting to help out like this is nice.
【Luka】I agree! We'd be honored to lend you girls a hand♪
【Airi】Really?! Thank you all so much!
【KAITO】Okay, we'll need to make haste. Do you have the layout for your venue along with a list of equipment?
【Airi】Yes, we also brought the instructions for where to carry and set up everything, the song files for the show and even the schedule for the day of.
[Sound] se00122
【Minori】The schedule Airi made is really incredible!
【Minori】With just one look it tells you exactly when and where you're supposed to be, what outfit you should be wearing and where you need to enter from!
【Airi】FYI, it wouldn't be doing its job if you couldn't tell at a glance what you're supposed to be doing.
【KAITO】But I agree with Minori. It's very easy to pick out the information one needs. I think I'll use this for future reference.
【Minori】Exactly! See?!
【Airi】You seem way happier than I am about this.
【Haruka】Anyway, KAITO, do you think you have enough information to help us...?
【KAITO】Yes, what you've given me should be more than enough.
【Airi】Thank goodness...!
【KAITO】Hehe. So, let's begin with how everything is going to be set up.
【Minori】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【Shizuku】Thank you all very much! You've given us such wonderful advice.
【KAITO】It was our pleasure. If anything, it was wonderful to see exactly how your solo show was coming along. And it was very fun!
【Luka】KAITO's right. We were happy to help. Besides, doesn't the saying go “necessity is the mother of invention?”
【MEIKO】Hehe. I feel like it's a tad bit different in this case.
【KAITO】In any case, we're all looking forward to seeing you all shine on stage!
【KAITO】Oh, that reminds me... Do you think you'll have any merchandise to spare?
【KAITO】If possible, we'd like to use what we can get to cheer you all on during the show...
【MEIKO】You sly fox...
【Luka】But that would make watching their show just that much more fun♪
【Airi】I totally agree! You've all been there for us until now, so we'll bring some over for all of you guys.
【KAITO】Really?! Thank you very much!
【Luka】Good luck, girls. I don't think any of us can wait at this point.
【Minori】Thank you! We promise to bring you the best solo show ever!
[Sound] bgm00000
