【MEIKO — Brand New Street〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: Brand New Street（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 025029_meiko01

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【MEIKO】Hmm...
【MEIKO】If I'm going to do a complete revamp of this place, I guess I'll have to change the wallpaper...
[Sound] se00006_b
【MEIKO】Oh, hello you two. Did you just finish practice?
【Miku】Yeah, we sure did.
【Luka】We were both on such a roll today that practice ended before we knew it♪
【MEIKO】Nice work. I'm sure you're both parched from singing. Anything to drink?
【Miku】Iced cafe au lait for me, please.
【Luka】I'll have the same.
【MEIKO】Got it. Coming right up.
【Luka】Thank you♪ Miku, let's sit over here!
[Sound] se00347_b
【Miku】By the way... What were you saying to the wall just before we came in, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Oh, so you saw that...
【MEIKO】Actually, I was thinking of revamping the cafe.
【MEIKO】Since Kohane and the others are going into a new school year, I thought it would be good to also give this place a makeover.
【Luka】Oooh, I like that! So when are you gonna start the revamp?
【MEIKO】Hold your horses. I'm still thinking about it.
【Luka】Whaaat? Just do it! It'll be so fun.
【MEIKO】There are a lot of things to consider, you know? Here you are. Two iced cafe au laits.
[Sound] se00059_b
【Miku】Thank you.
【Miku】When you say “revamp,” what exactly did you have in mind?
【MEIKO】Well, for starters...
【MEIKO】The current wallpaper compliments the plants, which gives off a warm vibe, right?
【Luka】Yeah, go on...
【MEIKO】I was thinking... Maybe, making it completely white? That way it can have a classier look whilst also keeping its warmth.
【Luka】Oooh! I bet that would look really nice!
【Miku】But if you change the wallpaper, then the shelves at the back need to match too, right?
【MEIKO】That's right. The lights will need to change as well. So if I'm going to revamp, might as well do everything all at once...
【Luka】Oh no. This sounds like a lot more work than I thought.
【MEIKO】I told you. Not only will doing the work on this place be tough, but I'll also need to close it until the revamp is complete.
【Luka】What?!
【Luka】I can't have that! Where will I get my coffee fix and fill my social cup if this place is closed for renovation?!
【MEIKO】Again, that's what I meant by a lot of things to consider.
【MEIKO】An's dad also closed his cafe for the time being...
【MEIKO】If I close this place too, then Kohane and the others won't have a place to relax.
【Miku】That's true. We should try to avoid that.
【Miku】They're already working hard enough at practice, so I want to make sure they have somewhere to rest.
【MEIKO】Yes, I feel the same.
【MEIKO】It would've been nice to change it up, but I think I'll let it go for now.
【Luka】It's a shame, but it's probably for the best.
【Luka】Oh, how about this! What if you made some minor changes like changing the plants or the artwork you have up right now?
【Luka】I bet it'll be fun to do a “spot the difference” game afterward!
【Miku】“Spot the difference?”
【MEIKO】Hehe. Thank you, Luka. I think I'll go with your proposal and make some subtle changes.
【Luka】Really?! Then I'd like one serving of dessert for every difference I spot♪ Do we have a deal?
【Miku】What kind of deal is that?
【MEIKO】You just want to do this for your benefit, don't you?
【Luka】Oops. You got me.
【MEIKO】Goodness. I can't with you.
[Sound] bgm00000
