【Hanasato Minori — Happy Birthday! 2024〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hanasato Minori
Card: Happy Birthday! 2024（BD）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 005022_minori02

[Background Change] bg_a000402
[Caption] Empty Classroom
[Sound] se00046_b
【Minori】Hey everyone, sorry for the wait!
【Kohane】Great job on the livestream, Minori!
【Saki】We all watched it together. You really nailed that dance!
【Emu】The moment you finished, we all gave you a standing ovation!
[Sound] se00053_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Sound] bgm00066
[Sound] se00470_b
【Shizuku】That was wonderful, Minori! Your moves were looking so polished!
【Haruka】Although at one point, you waved the wrong arm, and then there was the part where you spun and lost your balance...
【Airi】Yeah, but technically the spin doesn't count as a mistake, even though you didn't quite pull it off.
【Minori】W-Which means...
【Haruka】Yes! The result of the challenge is a big...
【Haruka, Airi & Shizuku】Pass!
[Sound] se00470_b
【Comments】<Well done, Minori!> <Whoa!> <You did it! Congratulations!>
【Minori】Hehehe, thanks everyone!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000402
【Airi】Alright, here's to Minori's birthday, and completing the Special Birthday Challenge to boot!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Everyone】Cheers!
【Shiho】Happy birthday, Minori. We brought lots of snacks, so help yourself.
【Minori】Okay, I won't hold back!
【Airi】So, while you all dig in, we have an announcement!
【Haruka】It's time for part two of the Special Birthday Segment—the Minori Mastermind Showdown!
【Minori】Huh? Minori... Mastermind?
【Emu】What? That sounds super fun!
【Haruka】It's a game to see who knows the most about Minori!
【Haruka】Whoever answers the questions most like Minori wins a point!
【Haruka】This is a team versus team game, so I'll announce those now. Make sure you come up with your team name.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Haruka】Okay, now everyone's decided on a team name, it's time for round one. Let the Minori Mastermind Showdown commence!
[Sound] bgm00052
【Saki & Emu】Yay!
[Sound] se00022_b
【Haruka】Introducing Airi and Shizuku from team MORE MORE JUMP!
【Airi】Seeming that we practically raised her ourselves, there's no doubt we've got this in the bag!
【Haruka】Hehe, do me proud. Alright, and team two is Kohane and Hinomori from team Class 1-A!
【Kohane】As Minori's classmates, we'll give this our all!
【Haruka】Moving onto the final team, we have Hoshino, Tenma, Mochizuki, and Otori from team Firey Friends!
【Saki】As your friends, we refuse to lose to the other teams!
【Haruka】And last but not least, the one answering the questions—Minori!
【Minori】Hi! I have to say, I'm surprised you planned this much for my birthday. I'm ready!
【Haruka】Hehe, without further ado, it's time for question one: what's Minori's catchphrase?
【Shiho】This one's easy.
[Sound] se00042_b
【Emu】Easy! It's gotta be this!
【Honami】Yes, I think so too.
【Haruka】It seems that every team has an answer. Alright everyone, including Minori, it's time to reveal your answers!
【Minori】Um... I think the answer would be, “More and more and more!”
【Kohane】Phew, we got the same answer!
【Haruka】All three teams get a point! You truly are good friends of hers, but this next one calls for your deductive skills.
【Haruka】Question two: what does Minori want to eat for dinner today?
【Minori】Huh? What I want to eat for dinner today?
【Haruka】Yes. You should just go with your gut instinct on this one.
【Saki】Oh! We had lunch together today, so this one's a free win for us!
【Minori】Hehehe, seeing everyone read so much into me is making me blush.
【Haruka】Hehe. That's because everyone here loves you so much.
【Haruka】Now this time, let's go round the teams in order, starting with team Fiery Friends since you're so confident.
【Saki】Okay♪ Our answer is...steak!
【Ichika】When we ate lunch with Minori today, she told us that she had fish for dinner last night, so she wants to have meat today.
【Kohane】Oh, in that case, it sounds like we're on the right track, too!
【Haruka】Class 1-A Team has...Salisbury steak.
【Shiho】When I mentioned that I had Salisbury steak last night, she appeared enticed by the idea of having it.
【Haruka】I see... Both options seem very likely. Finally, team MORE MORE JUMP!
【Shizuku】Hehe. We think it's birthday cake.
【Airi】Not only because it's her birthday today, but let's just say she's as spontaneously strange as Shizuku at times like this.
【Haruka】It seems that every team has a solid answer, but what does Minori think?
【Minori】Um... I'm sorry everyone! The meal I want to have for dinner today is...crab cream croquettes!
【Saki】What?
【Shiho】Uh...
【Airi】Huh?!
【Airi】Hey, Minori! So what was with all that talk about meat?! At least stick to the narrative or go with cake if you insist on an unusual answer!
【Minori】Huh? But hey, I was told to just go with my gut feeling!
【Kohane】Hehe.
【Saki】Haha!
【Minori】Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000183
[Sound] bgm00097
【Kanade】Happy birthday, Hanasato. Ena and I watched your livestream together on Nightcord. Congratulations on passing the dance challenge.
【Ena】Minori, when you finished dancing, I immediately started clapping because I knew you passed. You truly are amazing.
【Kanade】Yeah. Um... I'm sure you've heard this a lot already, but good luck on your idol journey. You have my support.
【Emu】Minori! Happy, happy, happy birthday to you♪ Take it away, Nene☆
【Nene】H-Happy, happy, happy birthday! Um... Ena told me about the party you had at school.
【Nene】It's times like this that I wish we were at the same school. Let's celebrate together at singing practice. Have a wonderful birthday.
【Saki】Happy birthday, Minori! The party was sooo fun!
【Honami】Hehe. If we do this again, I'll aim to become the master of all things Minori!
【Ichika】Me too. We managed to get a handful of them right, but the rest set us on a losing streak.
【Shiho】Hey, there's no way we could have gotten those ones right. Kohane and I were in the same boat.
【Kohane】Hehe. Hey An, that quiz really gave us an insight into Minori's mind and the sort of things she likes.
【An】Really? Sounds interesting! I guess I'll just have to sneak into Miya Girls for round two!
【An】Minori, I hope you had an amazing day! Feel free to stop by Weekend Garage with Haruka and the others sometime. I'll make sure to prepare a special treat for you!
【Shizuku】Happy birthday, Minori. I'm glad everyone enjoyed the Minori Mastermind Showdown.
【Airi】Well in the end, all three teams tied so there was no winner...
【Haruka】That's because I thought your team had a pretty big advantage, so I decided to slip in some questions that required a sheer good luck.
【Airi】I gotta admit, the difficulty was just right...but there's no way we were going to get the crab cream croquettes one.
【Haruka】Hehe, tell me about it.
【Haruka】Once again, happy birthday Minori. And nice job during the livestream.
【Haruka】I'm looking forward to growing more as idols together. Let's give it our all.
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Minori】Thank you all so much for making today so memorable for me. This is probably the most I've celebrated my birthday in my entire life!
【Minori】I promise to do what I can to continue to grow alongside your support—both as an idol and a member of MORE MORE JUMP!
【Minori】And I, Minori Hanasato, vow to give everyone more and more and more hope than ever before!
[Sound] bgm00000
