【Akiyama Mizuki — Rooftop Friendship〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Akiyama Mizuki
Card: Rooftop Friendship（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: KAMIYAMA HIGH FESTIVAL!
scenarioId: 020006_mizuki01

[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Class 1-A
【Mizuki】Morning♪
【An】Morning, Mizuki... Wait, it's past noon already!
【Mizuki】Hey, me turning up for classes is a special event in and of itself, no matter how late I am.
【Mizuki】Speaking of events... Thanks for giving me that call earlier!
【An】Hmm? What call?
【Mizuki】About the school festival.
【An】Oh that!
【Mizuki】I have to thank you for getting me out of the house and to the festival.
【Mizuki】But hang on. Why did you invite me to come when I didn't do anything to help with it?
【An】It's a special event, so I thought it'd be a shame if you missed it.
【Mizuki】Hmm...
【An】But hey, maybe you'll get to take part in the first years' festival next year if they hold you back for being absent so much!
【Mizuki】Urgh, I'd rather not be a repeater...
【An】Hahaha!
【Mizuki】(An didn't want me to miss out...)
【Mizuki】(At first I thought she gave me that call because it was her duty as the hall monitor or something, but she did it just out of friendship.)
【Mizuki】(And she was so mindful of my situation...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_e000401
【An】<Oh, and lots of students are wearing funky outfits today. A lot of the second years are in costume for their class shows too. It's really cool!>
【An】<Unless you wear something really crazy, it's gonna be hard to stand out in this crowd.>
[Background Change] bg_a000301
【Mizuki】(We've been friends since I started high school, but I haven't really been telling her much about myself...)
【Mizuki】(Still, I feel comfortable around her.)
【Mizuki】Oh, guess what! I met my friend's brother at the festival!
【An】You mean Akito? Yeah, he told me. I was surprised that he has an older sister.
【Mizuki】She's a second year, but only attends the night classes. I met her online and we've been making music together.
【An】Wow, that's cool! Was she at the festival too?
【Mizuki】Nah. Her brother said she was probably sleeping. Ena's sleeping pattern is totally backwards.
【An】That's kind of like you!
【Mizuki】What? Hey! No, it's not! I was awake when you called me, right?
【An】Hehe. I guess so!
【An】By the way, it was also news to me that you knew Rui.
【Mizuki】He's an old friend from middle school. You're friends with him too?
【An】No, but I have run-ins with him while on duty...
【Mizuki】Ah... I had a feeling it was something like that.
【Mizuki】But it was good to see him enjoying the festival.
【Mizuki】When we were in middle school, we never participated in anything like that. We mostly just wasted time hanging out on the rooftop.
【Mizuki】Back then, we didn't have any other friends to talk to, so we talked with each other a lot.
【An】I see...
【Mizuki】Well, that's just how it was back then!
【Mizuki】Now, Rui has his own circle of friends and seems happy.
【An】Oh, he was hanging out with Tenma, wasn't he?
【An】But I really wish he'd stopped bringing weird stuff to school.
【Mizuki】Hahaha...
【An】So how have you been doing, Mizuki?
【Mizuki】Me? Um...
【Mizuki】I'm having more fun these days, I guess.
【Mizuki】I've got some friends I can talk to comfortably, like you. I made some new friends too, and I've been creating music videos.
【An】These new friends, are they from the same group as Akito's sister?
【Mizuki】Bingo!
【An】Nice.
【Mizuki】Um...
【Mizuki】You're all smiles today. Did something good happen?
【An】Yeah, you're telling me about yourself!
【An】Usually we just talk about fashion or some random stuff, but you almost never tell me about yourself.
【Mizuki】Oh...
【Mizuki】Heh. It's only with you that I feel like I can be this open.
【Mizuki】You might've developed a knack for making people comfortable talking to you after working at your dad's cafe.
【An】You think so? Oh, but you're not getting any freebies from this.
【Mizuki】What?! Not even one cup of coffee on the house for your dear friend?
【Mizuki & An】Hahaha!
[Sound] bgm00000
