【Kusanagi Nene — Who We Want To Be〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kusanagi Nene
Card: Who We Want To Be（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: With Your Sights on Stardom, Set Sail!
scenarioId: 015033_nene01

[Background Change] bg_c000302
[Caption] Kamiyama Street
【Emu】Great practice today, you guys☆
【Nene】Nice work. I think we learned a lot today.
【Tsukasa】Yes! But as educational as each practice with Shunmeiza is, they do take their toll...
【Rui】Especially since the play for newcomers ended. I feel like their practices have become much more demanding...
【Nene】Yeah. We were working with mostly the younger members before... But now, we're getting to practice with the veterans from time to time.
【Tsukasa】Those improv skits we did today also felt a little different. The outer space theme they chose was very interesting.
【Nene】Oh...
【Nene】(Those improv skits...)
【Emu】Is something the matter, Nene?
【Nene】Oh, um...
【Nene】I was just thinking that the improv skits we did today were pretty hard.
【Rui】The prompt was difficult, but also intriguing.
【Rui】A story about six people stranded in space due to their ship running out of fuel and needing to work together in order to get back to Earth...
【Tsukasa】But how that story unfolded depended on each group's interpretation!
【Emu】And yours actually made it back to Earth, Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】Yes. We managed to figure out a way to shoot our high-energy cannon in the opposite direction of where we were drifting, which put us on a trajectory back towards Earth!
【Tsukasa】To be honest, I wasn't fully able to follow the others when they were explaining the physics behind our plan...
【Rui】My group ended up fighting over what precious little oxygen we had left. Ultimately, we all perished out in space.
【Emu】Yeah, us too! Our cryogenic sleep pods ended up breaking, and we were all mummified by the time we got back.
【Nene】My group also faced the same fate...
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah hah! Which makes me the sole survivor!
【Nene】It doesn't matter whether or not you survived since we were there to practice acting...
【Nene】Still, I probably shouldn't talk considering how awful my acting was...
【Tsukasa】Hm? You thought you did that poorly?
【Nene】I mean, I got an earful at the end about how the audience wouldn't understand what I was feeling because I was so unexpressive.
【Rui】Oh, was that in reference to that one scene...? When you all panicked after realizing that your ship was malfunctioning?
【Nene】Yeah. I should have been the most emotional since I was the youngest member of the crew...
【Nene】But I had trouble sounding hysterical, which ended up affecting the performance of the other members of my group...
【Nene】So, I feel really bad about holding us back.
【Tsukasa】I see... I had no idea.
【Tsukasa】But I understand how you feel. The things I need to work on keep increasing with each performance we do.
【Nene】Exactly...
【Nene】(I knew this was bound to happen after hearing that we'd be working with Shunmeiza...)
【Nene】(They're so good, and I'm not... My acting skills just pale in comparison.)
【Nene】(Still...)
【Nene】We're not about to give up, are we?
【Tsukasa】No, we aren't.
【Tsukasa】In order to keep growing as actors, we need to keep pushing each other and making the most of these practices!
【Nene】Right!
【Rui】Hehe. And we're not about to let them have all the fun, are we?
【Emu】Nope! I'm also gonna keep learning lots and lots!
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah hah! We're back in high spirits now! So, let's head over to SEKAI and do some more improv practice!
【Nene】Wait, now...?
【Nene】No, you're right. Let's go.
【Nene】(I honestly couldn't feel more blessed.)
【Nene】(Not only do I get to see professional actors work up close, I'm acting right there with them.)
【Nene】(Which is why I need to make the most of this time. I have to learn as much as I possibly can from them. And then...)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a003802
[Background Change] bg_c000302
【Nene】(And then someday, I'll become a world-class musical actress. Just like Ms. Kazamatsuri...)
【Nene】(I've gotta keep growing!)
[Sound] bgm00000
