【Momoi Airi — Perfect Sweets〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Perfect Sweets（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: You deserve it! Break Time!
scenarioId: 007009_airi02

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
[Sound] se00018
【Airi】Alright, for today's practice, we'll... Huh? Just you, Haruka...?
【Haruka】For now. Minori said she'll be late because of a committee meeting.
【Airi】Oh, okay. Same situation as Shizuku then. She said she had to attend a committee meeting too.
【Airi】How about we just start with some stretches?
【Haruka】Okay, sounds good.
【Haruka】Oh, also... I'm not sure I thanked you yet, Airi.
【Airi】Thank me? For what?
【Haruka】For taking last Sunday off so that we could all go out shopping together. Shizuku told me that it was your idea.
【Haruka】I've been meaning to tell you how much I appreciated your thought. Thank you, Airi.
【Airi】It was nothing, really.
【Airi】I mean, Shizuku seemed much more concerned than I was and this talk I had with her just sort of ended up with that idea.
【Haruka】But I was able to have a fun day off because of that. I even made an important realization.
【Haruka】So again, thank you.
【Airi】*Sigh*... You're such a good kid.
【Airi】That part of you really hasn't changed since back then. Of course, I mean it all in a good way...!
【Haruka】Really?
【Airi】Yes, really. You've always been this idol who could focus on a goal and give it everything you have while you worked away at it...
【Airi】I've always admired that part of you...
【Airi】So much so that I kept wondering why I couldn't do what you do...
【Haruka】But I think you can, Airi...
【Airi】Hold on. Let me finish.
【Airi】Your goal was to give hope to as many people as you could while being the best idol you could be, and you never stopped trying...
【Airi】You tried so hard that it became a part of you.
【Haruka】Yes, you're right...
【Haruka】It never occurred to me that I was trying so hard.
【Airi】I bet. Otherwise, you probably wouldn't have been able to make it this far.
【Airi】On top of that, this is sort of just who you are now. Changing that won't be easy.
【Airi】But that's also why we want you to relax and be yourself more when you're with us at least.
【Haruka】Airi...
【Haruka】I understand. Thank you.
【Haruka】Oh, but I admire how hard Shizuku works too...
【Haruka】Especially the last time I was invited over to her house and saw dumbbells lying around in her room.
【Airi】Look who's talking. I bet you have some at your house too, Haruka.
【Haruka】Oh... Yeah, I do...
【Airi】I knew it...!
【Haruka】But Shizuku's told me all about how you train on your own too, Airi.
【Airi】Huh? I do what I need to but I don't really do anything special...
【Airi】Oh, I do skip doing homework and stuff some days since I know I can get away with it, while you do your homework everyday, right?
【Airi】I'll go off and do voice training or something instead.
【Haruka】I feel like that counts as having a good work ethic too.
【Airi】Haha. You think so?
【Haruka】Hehe.
【Haruka】But I think I get it now... I can try doing things that way from now on.
【Airi】What way?
【Haruka】Not forcing myself to think that I have to do something or get everything done right now. Knowing that I still have time to do things later.
【Airi】Right. Worst case scenario, you can just wait until just before class starts to do any homework that's due.
【Haruka】Hehe. That might not be for me...
【Haruka】But I have a better grasp of things now.
【Airi】You do? Great!
【Haruka】Yeah. I'll try to look out for myself a little more from now on.
【Haruka】Oh, but... I'm still not entirely sure what I should be doing, so I'd appreciate it if you could help me like you did the other day.
【Airi】Yeah, you got it!
【Airi】But you know, it might be good to talk to Shizuku about that too.
【Haruka】Shizuku?
【Airi】She's the big sister in her family and has this sort of motherly feel to her. Honestly, just being around her is pretty comforting.
【Haruka】Hehe. I know what you mean.
【Haruka】She gives off this warmth as if everything will be just fine when you're around her...
【Airi】Yeah, that!
【Airi】She's even the one who was most concerned about you this time around. I say just talk to her and lean on her more from now on, okay?
【Haruka】Okay, I will.
【Airi】Now, enough chatting. Let's get back to stretching, shall we...?
【Haruka】Sure. I'll press your back while you stretch first, Airi.
【Airi】You sure? Well, if you don't mind...!
[Sound] bgm00000
