【Unit Event — Lead to Shine More】

Event: Lead to Shine More
Event Type: marathon
Episodes: 8
Outline: With more work offers coming in for MORE MORE JUMP! than they can fulfill, Haruka and the others have a serious talk about their work priorities moving forward.

[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Caption] MORE MORE HOUSE
【Saito】Nice work, everyone! I know that was a long stream!
【Airi】Phew... The MORE MORE Study Session got a way better reaction than I was expecting!
【Minori】Yeah! At first, I was honestly pretty worried about us just doing homework and stuff for three hours...
【Minori】But it was really nice to see some viewers say that they'd also do their best, even though school isn't really their thing!
【Shizuku】I'm also glad they seemed to enjoy the games we played and conversations we had during our breaks.
【Haruka】Hehe. Me too.
【Haruka】Oh, Saito, that reminds me... You said you wanted to talk to us about something after we'd finished?
【Saito】Yes, I was hoping to discuss your work schedules moving forward.
【Saito】I'm sure you all remember the last discussion we had regarding how you've been receiving an influx of offers...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saito】The truth is, we're receiving so many that we simply can't accept all of them.
【Minori】What?!
【Saito】I've been doing my best to accept as many as possible, but your schedules are starting to reach their respective limits.
[Sound] bgm00170
【Saito】Which is why I'd like to take this opportunity to discuss what sorts of offers you should be accepting as a group moving forward.
【Haruka】I see...
【Minori】But that's really amazing! I didn't realize we were getting so many offers.
【Saito】Yes, your successful appearance on “Chat A Lot About Nothing with Takashi Arimura!” has led to an increase in offers to appear on TV...
【Saito】But the offers you've accepted since have also gone well, so I have to think that your group's name value within the industry has gone up quite a bit.
【Shizuku】Really...?
【Airi】It's nice to know that the things we've done until now haven't gone unnoticed.
【Shizuku】So, can you tell us what sorts of offers we've been receiving lately?
【Saito】Yes, I put together a list for you all to see.
[Sound] se00122_b
【Airi】Alright, what do we got...?
【Airi】Wait, what?! We have an offer from “Funtime Lunchtime”?!
【Shizuku】Are you familiar with that program, Airi?
【Airi】It's the variety show that's hosted by Wanchanko! The comedian who made huge waves during that manzai contest last year!
【Minori】Oh, I think that's the show one of my friends was watching during lunch! I remember Wanchanko and the guests splitting into teams to play games and have a cooking battle...
【Airi】Yeah, that's the one. It's only available for viewing online, but it's apparently become a huge hit amongst younger viewers.
【Haruka】We're also being asked to model for magazines, give food reviews, appear for radio... Oh, here's an offer about a documentary surrounding a town revitalization project.
【Shizuku】A town revitalization project?
【Haruka】Yeah, it seems they help out at local events and festivals.
【Minori】Oh, that means we could make everyone watching and the people in the town smile...!
【Shizuku】Yes, these offers all sound wonderful...
【Shizuku】But this is also where we have to make our selection...
【Haruka】Right. And that's why we're having this discussion. To figure out some criteria regarding which to accept.
【Minori】Criteria...
【Airi】There's no right or wrong answer, you know? And every group goes about this differently...
【Airi】For example, if a group wants to really get their name out there no matter what, then they'll choose programs with good ratings.
【Airi】But if a group wants to keep to a certain theme or image, then they might pick and choose based on that.
【Minori】R-Right...
【Haruka】Our dream is to become idols who can spread hope to everyone across Japan, and do a show at the Dome...
【Haruka】So, I feel that we should develop a protocol that's going to help us make that dream come true.
【Saito】Alright, let's begin by tossing around some ideas. Who'd like to start us off?
【Haruka】In that case, can I go first...?
【Saito】Yes, the floor is yours!
【Haruka】I believe that spreading hope to others needs to continue taking absolute priority above all else.
【Haruka】Because that's what matters most to us.
【Airi】Yeah, I agree completely.
【Shizuku】Me too. After all, that's what we've set out to do as idols.
【Haruka】Of course, whether or not we're able to spread hope to others through these offers comes entirely down to us... But we can still choose the ones that suit us the best.
【Haruka】For instance, we can pick programs that are designed to move, encourage or make their viewers smile and laugh.
【Saito】Alright, it sounds like we're all in agreement in terms of spreading hope to others being our main criterion!
【Airi】That said, getting our name out in front of a lot of people is still pretty important.
【Airi】I mean, the Dome seats 30,000. We made a show at the Butokan an intermediate goal, but even that seats 15,000.
【Airi】If we are going to make our dream a reality, then we're gonna need to increase our name recognition to the point of being able to fill those places at the very least.
【Haruka】Right...
【Minori】So, then... We should be accepting offers that allow us to spread hope to others, while increasing our media exposure?
【Airi】That's where we are as things stand.
【Haruka】But I'm sure there's more we haven't thought of yet, so let's keep throwing around ideas.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Caption] One hour later
[Caption] MORE MORE HOUSE
【Haruka】...
【Saito】Alright, let's summarize what we've come up with so far.
【Airi】First, we've got spreading hope to others and increasing our media exposure.
【Minori】We also have, umm... Whether or not we can appear as a group! That's really important!
【Haruka】Right. A lot of people will be hearing about MORE MORE JUMP! for the very first time, so we'll want their first impression of us to be that we're a proper idol group.
【Shizuku】Then there was the matter of leaving enough time for us to keep doing streams.
【Shizuku】We've already had to reduce the number we do, so I fear that our fans are going to feel just that much more disappointed if we go any further...
【Airi】I mean, spreading hope to others through our streams has always been a big deal to us, so we should keep trying to do as many as we can.
【Saito】What else is there...?
【Haruka】(I think we've covered just about everything...)
【Haruka】(But...)
【Minori】But are there any offers that actually cover all those points?
【Airi】I doubt there are going to be any that cover all of them, so we might want to order them by importance.
【Airi】With spreading hope to others for sure taking the top spot...
【Airi】Followed by increasing our media exposure. Doing those two things will be the quickest way for us to realize our dream.
【Shizuku】Yes, I agree with that order.
【Saito】Understood. Then, I'll place those two things at the forefront, while also taking the other criteria we've come up with into consideration...
【Haruka】...
【Saito】Is something wrong, Haruka?
【Haruka】Sorry, but... Would it be alright if I gave this some more thought?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Huh...?
【Haruka】I agree with what you said in terms of those two things taking top priority, Airi. I don't see anything wrong with that ordering.
【Haruka】But...
【Haruka】I feel like we're still missing something.
【Minori】We are?
【Haruka】Yeah... I'm not sure how to put it into words...
【Haruka】But when I ask myself if choosing work like this will really lead to us making our dream come true, I feel like we're still missing some key piece...
【Airi】A key piece...
【Haruka】Sorry. I know what I'm saying is really vague...
【Haruka】And I know I have a habit of overthinking things in these sorts of situations.
【Airi】What are you talking about? Your attentiveness has saved our skins a bunch of times already!
[Sound] bgm00024
【Shizuku】She's right. If there's something on your mind, Haruka, then I'd also like to think about it with you.
【Shizuku】So, let's take our time and try to come up with a solution that we can all agree on.
【Minori】Yeah, I'm sure we'll be able to figure out what we're missing if we all put our heads together!
【Haruka】Thank you all...
【Haruka】That being said, we shouldn't keep these people waiting too long. We'll need to set ourselves a deadline, and then decide which offers to accept...
【Haruka】So, let's give ourselves until tomorrow. I promise to have my answer by then.
【Airi】Sounds good. We'll also take another hard look at things!
【Saito】For now, let's adjourn this meeting... You all have that magazine interview scheduled, so let's start getting ready to head over!
【Minori】What?! It's already that late?! L-Lemme go get my notebook! It has all my answers to their questions in it!
【Shizuku】Oh, didn't you just put it back in your bag?
【Minori】*Gasp* Y-You're right...!
【Airi】Geez, relax, will you?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000703
[Sound] bgm90040
[Caption] A few hours later
[Caption] Haruka's Room
【Haruka】I still can't figure it out...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_b003002
【Airi】With spreading hope to others for sure taking the top spot...
【Airi】Followed by increasing our media exposure. Doing those two things will be the quickest way for us to realize our dream.
[Background Change] bg_b000703
【Haruka】(I still don't think what Airi said is wrong.)
【Haruka】(But...)
【Haruka】(Is it really okay for us to make decisions based on just these criteria?)
【Haruka】(Will we be able to stand there? Will our fans be able to come see us...?)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_g000202
[Background Change] bg_b000703
【Haruka】(On that stage...)
【Haruka】Oh...
【Haruka】(Come to think of it, what criteria did we use as ASRUN when it came to work?)
【Haruka】(Mr. Hiiragi always...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Sound] bgm00170
[Caption] A few years earlier
[Caption] Rehearsal Area
【Haruka】Phew... We're moving much more in sync now.
【ASRUN Members】Yeah, we've totally got this formation down!
【Haruka】Then, let's start putting polish on the dance itself.
【ASRUN Member A】...
【Haruka】Hm...?
【Haruka】Is everything okay? You don't look too good. Are you not feeling well?
【ASRUN Member A】Oh, no... It's not that...
【Haruka】...?
【ASRUN Members】Huh? What's wrong?
【ASRUN Member A】The thing is... I just overheard our manager talking on the phone and...
【ASRUN Members】Oh, what did you hear?
【ASRUN Member A】You know the show “Go Wild & Crazy!”...?
【Haruka】Oh, that daytime show that's run practically forever?
【ASRUN Members】Just once, I wanna go on! I mean, there's no one in Japan who hasn't heard of it!
【ASRUN Member A】ASRUN was asked to start appearing as regulars, but Mr. Hiiragi turned them down.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Everyone】What...?!
【Haruka】(He turned down an offer like that...?!)
【ASRUN Members】Wh-Why...?! People all over Japan watch “Go Wild & Crazy!”
【ASRUN Members】Right? Appearing as regulars would give us a huge boost in terms of name recognition...
【ASRUN Members】It'd be a chance for us to start spreading hope to people all across Japan like the other top idol groups...
[Sound] se00018_b
【Manager】Would you mind stopping by the office after you're finished with practice, Haruka? Mr. Hiiragi would like a word with you.
【Haruka】Huh...?
【Haruka】Okay, understood.
[Background Change] bg_b000101
[Caption] Office
【???】Kiritani.
【Haruka】Oh...
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_1
【Haruka】Hello, Mr. Hiiragi.
【Hiiragi】Hello. Sorry, I know this is sudden, but I received an offer asking for you and you alone.
【Haruka】Just me?
【Hiiragi】That's right. You're being asked to participate in a performance battle, where you and a few other idols will compete to see who can come up with the best dance routine on the spot.
【Hiiragi】This is a chance to showcase not just yourself, but the technical prowess of ASRUN as a whole. Keep that in mind.
【Haruka】...! Right!
【Hiiragi】I'll send the details over to your manager. That's all from me.
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_2
【Haruka】E-Excuse me...!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Hiiragi】...? What's wrong?
【Haruka】There's a question I'd like to ask.
【Haruka】Is it true that you turned down an offer involving us becoming regulars on “Go Wild & Crazy!”?
【Hiiragi】...
【Hiiragi】Honestly... I'll need to remind your manager not to take calls where people can hear him.
【Haruka】W-Wait, so...!
【Hiiragi】It's all true.
[Sound] bgm00173
【Haruka】Would it be alright if I asked why?
【Haruka】We're trying to become idols who can spread hope to people all across Japan. I can't figure out any reason to...
【Hiiragi】That very dream is why I turned them down.
【Haruka】Huh...?
【Hiiragi】Why has ASRUN been able to become as popular as it has?
【Hiiragi】Because it's never lost sight of what makes it special.
【Haruka】What makes us special...?
【Hiiragi】Yes. I believe that idols need to feel unique in some way.
【Hiiragi】In other words, ASRUN must offer something that other idols or artists can't hope to emulate. That's what sets your group apart from them.
【Hiiragi】Your fans will be drawn to that, and they'll be willing to cheer at the top of their lungs for you.
【Haruka】Cheer...
【Hiiragi】Yes, in support of your dream. To make it come true together.
【Hiiragi】They're absolutely crucial.
【Haruka】Oh...
【Haruka】(Hearing our fans cheer us on and feel encouraged by what we do has been huge in terms of us getting this far...)
【Haruka】(Some have even reached out to their friends and family and invited them to cheer us on together...)
【Haruka】(We started out selling CDs by hand at shopping malls, and now look how far we've come.)
【Haruka】(Their voices, their support... They kept driving ASRUN forward.)
【Hiiragi】Yes, it's important to use high-profile programs to increase your name recognition.
【Hiiragi】But establishing a loyal fan base takes absolute priority. Finding those who will cheer at the top of their lungs for you is beyond important.
【Haruka】At the top of their lungs...
【Hiiragi】What do you think it is that makes ASRUN special, Kiritani?
【Haruka】...
【Haruka】(What makes us special... What separates us from everyone else in our fans' minds?)
【Haruka】Our performances?
【Hiiragi】Correct.
【Hiiragi】Your brilliant smiles, your compelling dances, the way your voices ring out towards the back... They inspire hope in everyone watching.
【Hiiragi】That's the kind of idol group ASRUN is.
【Haruka】...!
【Hiiragi】That being said, I didn't make my decision regarding “Go Wild & Crazy!” lightly. I just felt that now wasn't the right time yet.
【Hiiragi】People need to understand what ASRUN is actually about. Until that image is solidified in the public eye...
【Hiiragi】I want to place what makes ASRUN special at the forefront, even if it means we do things small for a while.
【Hiiragi】Because I believe that's the quickest way for your group to realize its dream.
【Haruka】(All I'd been thinking about until now was “spreading hope to lots of people.”)
【Haruka】(I never thought about the best way to actually reach that goal.)
【Haruka】(But...)
【Haruka】(Mr. Hiiragi's looking that far ahead...?)
【Haruka】Thank you very much. I really appreciate you telling me all this.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Hiiragi】Not a problem. More importantly, I have high expectations for your next show.
【Hiiragi】Go show everyone what makes ASRUN special. That's going to be your ticket to the future.
【Haruka】We will!
[Background Change] bg_b000703
【Haruka】Show everyone what makes us special...
[Sound] bgm90040
【Haruka】Right... He always accepted offers that would place what made ASRUN special at the forefront.
【Haruka】That's what we've been missing.
【Haruka】But...
【Haruka】What is it that makes MORE MORE JUMP! special?
【Haruka】We've been doing our best to put on good performances, but we can't really match the groups that have professional choreographers and trainers working with them...
【Haruka】As for our talking skills... There's Airi, of course, and Minori also has a natural talent for making others smile and laugh. Still, I'm not sure that's what makes us special.
【Haruka】But...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Haruka】(I know there's something there. I just can't quite put it into words.)
【Haruka】This is really frustrating... How do I find the right words for what I'm feeling?
【Haruka】I want to ask the others about this, but it's already pretty late. I should probably wait until tomorrow...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Background Change] bg_b000703
【Haruka】Oh...
【Haruka】Yeah. I'll try popping over for a little bit to ask them.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Haruka】I hope someone's here...
【???】ーーーー♪
【Haruka】Oh...
[Background Change] bg_s000321
【KAITO】One, two, three... And pose!
【KAITO】Hehe. How was that? Good?
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Len】Yeah, that felt pretty solid.
【KAITO】Thank goodness! Then, let's do it just like that for the show...
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【Haruka】KAITO, Len.
【KAITO】Huh? Haruka?!
【Haruka】Good evening. Sorry to catch you two so late.
【Haruka】I wasn't expecting to see you two practicing at this time. And your hard work seems to be paying off.
【Len】Thanks, Haruka.
【KAITO】I'm so excited about my next show that I've been having Len help me like this as I practice.
【Haruka】Is it going to be special in some way?
【Len】Hehe. Yeah, to KAITO.
【Len】You know how he's been helping us come up with ideas for our shows and taking care of everything behind the scenes?
【Len】Well, as a small token of our appreciation, we're handling everything for his next show as the producers.
【Haruka】I see...
【Haruka】It certainly sounds like it's going to be a very special occasion for you, KAITO.
【KAITO】It is. Also, since Len and the others are going to all this trouble for me, I need to do my best too.
【KAITO】Still, I do those things because I want to. It feels kind of strange to be thanked for that.
【KAITO】They're my friends, but I'm also their fan. So, if anything, I should be the one thanking them for giving me the opportunity to help them show the audience just how wonderful they are.
【Len】Um, KAITO? Like we're always saying, we feel the same way for you...
【KAITO】Y-Yes, I know! Which is why...
【KAITO】I'm going to take all your kindness and put on the best show that I possibly can!
【Haruka】Hehe. Break a leg.
【Len】So, Haruka, what brings you here this late?
【Haruka】Oh, the thing is, there's something I was hoping to ask you two.
[Sound] bgm00000
【KAITO】What is it that makes MORE MORE JUMP! special...?
【Haruka】Yes, that's right. I remembered something that the producer for ASRUN said when I was still with them...
【Haruka】I realized that showing everybody what makes us special should play a key role in terms of which offers for work we accept.
【Haruka】But I'm having trouble finding the right words to describe what actually makes us special. I came here to get your objective opinions...
【KAITO】Hmm... Well...
【KAITO】You girls are all wonderful, and you have many special things to offer...
【KAITO】But I think MORE MORE JUMP! is so appealing because you're all able to just be yourselves in front of your fans.
【Haruka】Be ourselves...
【KAITO】Yes. People tend to be drawn to idols because they have such a dazzling charm to them.
[Sound] bgm00039
【KAITO】But there's more than just that to you and the others, Haruka.
【KAITO】You're all doing your absolute best to spread hope to others.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【KAITO】And when you were faced with a seemingly insurmountable challenge, you found a way to overcome it with the help of your fans.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a000801
【Minori】So, we have a venue and date set, but we're still shorthanded in terms of staff...
【Minori】If our current situation holds, we'll have to limit the number of people that can attend our event or possibly cancel it.
【Minori】But we want as many people to come to our event as possible. We want you all to be there!
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【KAITO】You showed your fans things that you normally wouldn't.
【Haruka】Right. That wasn't exactly our finest moment, but...
【KAITO】But I believe that's what makes you girls special.
【KAITO】That's what makes MORE MORE JUMP! so appealing to your fans. They get to see you as you all are, and feel close to you...
【KAITO】I have to think that seeing you all try your best inspires them to do the same.
【Haruka】To do the same...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_b003002
【Minori】But it was really nice to see some viewers say that they'd also do their best, even though school isn't really their thing!
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Haruka】Now that you mention it, some of our viewers posted similar comments during our stream.
【Len】Really?
【Haruka】Yeah. One person said, “I feel so at home with you girls.” A couple even said, “I feel a lot more motivated seeing you do your best,” and, “Working with you four makes me feel like I can actually do it”...
【Haruka】(So... Just being ourselves, and having all these close interactions with everyone...)
【Haruka】(Those are the reasons why we're able to spread hope to others as idols.)
【Haruka】(That's what makes MORE MORE JUMP! special.)
【Haruka】Thank you both very much, Len, KAITO...
【Haruka】You two helped me find my answer.
【KAITO】We did?! I'm glad we were able to help.
【Len】And we'll be looking forward to seeing where you go for work next.
【Haruka】Thanks, we promise to bring back some good news.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] MORE MORE HOUSE
【Saito】Okay, that's everything regarding your schedules for this week.
【Airi】Thank you, Saito. Then, next...
【Haruka】Thank you all for your patience. But I was able to make use of the time you gave me to find a satisfactory answer.
【Minori】Really?
【Airi】Alright, let's hear it.
【Haruka】Okay. Like I said before, I don't think there's anything wrong with what you all said, Airi.
【Haruka】I also believe that we should think about how we're going to spread hope to others when choosing which offers to accept...
【Haruka】And we're also going to need more media exposure in order to increase our name recognition and make our dream a reality.
【Haruka】But...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Haruka】I believe there's another important factor that we need to consider.
【Minori】Huh?
【Shizuku】What do you mean?
【Haruka】I believe we need to show everyone what makes MORE MORE JUMP! special.
【Airi】What makes us special, huh...
【Haruka】To be transparent, I'm borrowing something that the producer for ASRUN said to me when I was still with them. You see...
【Airi】Now I see... If we win fans with what makes us unique, then we'll really be their one and only.
[Sound] bgm00170
【Airi】And that staunch base of supporters cheering us on will give us the energy we need, while also helping bring in more fans...
【Haruka】Exactly. Yes, increasing our name recognition is important...
【Haruka】But we also need to make sure they see what makes us special.
【Airi】I agree, but...
【Shizuku】What exactly is it that makes us special?
【Haruka】I think the answer to that is...
【Haruka】We're idols who are just ourselves.
【Minori】Just ourselves?
【Haruka】I feel that's sort of where we've landed.
【Haruka】For example, Shizuku, you're always doing your best to make sure the audience enjoys what they see.
【Haruka】Airi, you work harder than anyone else to cheer people up and make them laugh.
【Haruka】Minori, you... You've never given up on your dream. No matter how many obstacles you run into, you just keep going.
【Minori】Haruka...
【Haruka】That's what I love about all of you. That's what I think our fans love about us. We're just ourselves.
【Haruka】And I feel that they've been able to see that because we've been doing streams as freelancers in particular.
【Haruka】Of course, that's resulted in us running into some problems that we couldn't solve on our own.
【Haruka】But I believe that working together and helping each other out during times of need is a cornerstone of MORE MORE JUMP!
【Saito】Yes, I know exactly what you mean!
【Saito】This is just my opinion as a fan, but I feel that all of you in MMJ treat us as equals.
【Saito】Even when you're streaming, you don't feel like celebrities living in a different world. You make us feel at home. Almost like we're family.
【Saito】Which is why I think just watching you all helps us so much when we're feeling down or upset. It's like you're right there cheering us on.
【Saito】And seeing you all do your absolute best makes us want to do the same.
【Shizuku】Saito...
【Minori】So... We've been able to spread hope to others because we've been able to interact with them on a personal level?
【Minori】Hehe. I really hope that's true!
【Airi】Yeah, same here.
【Airi】Then, let's use what Haruka said as one of the criteria for us choosing which offers to accept. Whether or not we'll be able to show everyone what it is that makes us special!
【Shizuku】In that case, which offers would be best?
【Haruka】Well, instead of things that would require us to stick to a certain script or theme, we may want to place a priority on offers that allow us to just be ourselves.
【Haruka】For instance, shows with longer talk segments or close-coverage reporting should give us opportunities to show everyone who we really are.
【Saito】I see...
【Saito】In that case, I'll try picking out offers which align with all the criteria you've set.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saito】I've had a chance to review everything, and the offers that cover the criteria we just discussed include...
[Sound] bgm00180
【Saito】“Funtime Lunchtime,” which is a variety show, and “The Town Revitalization Team!” They shoot documentaries about the namesake subject.
【Haruka】Right. Both seem like they'll give us plenty of opportunities to spread hope to our viewers, cheer them up and make them smile...
【Shizuku】“The Town Revitalization Team!” is run by a regional station, but it's supposed to be very popular. Both should give us the exposure we need.
【Saito】Right. Now, for each program's content...
【Saito】“The Town Revitalization Team!” covers all the criteria we've listed, since their goal is to shoot “real documentaries about real people.” Nothing is staged.
【Airi】I can't say 100% for “Funtime Lunchtime,” but a lot of those competition-type variety shows have scripts that are really just an agenda with a list of activities. That format could also work for us.
【Saito】Then, I'd like for you all to choose from these two.
【Airi】My instincts are telling me that “Funtime Lunchtime” is the way to go.
【Airi】“The Town Revitalization Team!” is a segment of a popular program, but we'd be working with a narrower demographic. Also, it looks like it's only available on certain apps.
【Airi】“Funtime Lunchtime” has a wider audience, which means more exposure for us.
【Haruka】Right...
【Haruka】(But...)
【Haruka】I'm voting for “The Town Revitalization Team!”
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Huh?
【Haruka】They shoot for extended periods without using scripts, and we'd get to interact closely with the locals as we try to bring their town back to life, right?
【Haruka】Our strengths and our shortcomings will all show up as-is. To other idols, that could be a considerable risk...
【Haruka】But that's what makes this program perfect for us. We'd have far more freedom to just be ourselves than on “Funtime Lunchtime.”
【Haruka】Yes, it's not as well-known, but I really want to put who we are at the forefront here.
【Haruka】How does that sound, everyone?
【Airi】Then, let's go with that!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Haruka】Airi...
【Airi】I like what you just said, Haruka! Let's go out there and really show everyone who we are!
【Shizuku】Yes, I agree. I also really like what you just said, Haruka.
【Haruka】Thanks. Then...
【Minori】Yeah! “The Town Revitalization Team!” it is!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002901
[Sound] bgm00077
[Caption] A few weeks later
[Caption] Town of Hanamioka
[Sound] se00034_b
【Crew Member】Hey, carry that equipment over too while you're at it!
【Crew Member】Got it! Up you go...
【Minori】We finally get to start shooting today!
【Shizuku】Hehe. I am a little bit nervous, but let's all do our best for the people of Hanamioka.
【Airi】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Sound] bgm00170
[Caption] TV Station
【Show Director】Alright, let me give you all another brief rundown of this program.
【Saito】Yes, please do.
【Show Director】“The Town Revitalization Team!” is a segment of our show which involves helping towns that ask us to assist in breathing new life into them.
【Show Director】We'll be visiting the town of Hanamioka this time around. It has a population of 6,000, so it's quite small. And you ladies will be helping us with...
【Show Director】As I mentioned early in our talks, the town marathon.
【Haruka】I'm sorry, but would it be alright if I asked why the town marathon?
【Show Director】Of course. Hanamioka isn't famous for producing anything in particular, but it's overflowing with natural beauty.
【Show Director】The marathon's course is meant to introduce people to the area's charm and spectacular scenery.
【Haruka】I see...
【Show Director】Unfortunately, they've been struggling to get more people to sign up. With that and a staffing shortage, they decided to ask us for help with their revitalization efforts.
【Show Director】Naturally, you'll be helping run things on the day of. But we'll also need you to help come up with ideas to liven things up, and get everything prepared.
【Airi】We had no idea... Of course, we'll do everything we can to help.
【Minori】We've never helped out with a marathon before, but we promise to do what we can for all of Hanamioka's locals!
【Show Director】Yes, thank you very much.
【Show Director】Obviously, my job is to create content that our viewers will enjoy, but I also want what I do to help people whose homes are struggling.
【Show Director】This show's been able to go on for as long as it has because the locals have been so helpful and supportive.
【Show Director】So, I hope you'll sincerely think about Hanamioka and the people who live there during your time with us.
【Everyone】We will!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002901
【Airi】I was honestly a little surprised when I heard that we'd be helping with the town marathon...
【Airi】That being said, let's all do our best to shine a light on what makes this place so special!
【Haruka】Yes, let's.
【Haruka】(Also... We need to show everyone what makes us special, too.)
【Haruka】(If we can do that, it'll be the quickest way to move towards realizing our dream.)
[Sound] se_run_women_003_1
【Saito】Everyone! They said they're ready to start shooting, so let's start heading over!
【Minori】Oh, okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a004001
[Caption] A few hours later
[Caption] Hanamioka Town Hall
【Crew Member】MORE MORE JUMP! is now on the set!
【Airi】Honestly, I thought you'd be used to this by now. We're gonna be working on this for a pretty long time, so pull yourself together already.
【Minori】R-Right!
【Shizuku】So... Today's shoot involves us meeting with the operations committee, yes?
【Haruka】That's the plan. I'm looking forward to seeing what they're like.
【???】Oh, you must be MORE MORE JUMP!
【Minori】Huh?
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_1
【Chairman】It's a pleasure to meet you. My name is Tamura. I'm the chairman of the operations committee, and very much looking forward to working with all of you.
【Minori】What...? The chairman?! Yes, we're looking forward to working with you as well!
【Haruka】We promise to do our absolute best. Oh, my name is Haruka Kiritani from MORE MORE JUMP!
【Chairman】Yes, I'm familiar with you ladies. I'm actually the one who sent in the request to this program.
【Haruka】Oh, I didn't know...
【Chairman】I'm sure that you've all heard by now that our town has been in a downturn these past few years. With fewer young people around, our once bustling community has become so diminished...
【Chairman】It's honestly quite a sad sight.
【Shizuku】Mr. Tamura...
【Chairman】But it really is a wonderful place... The food is delicious and you're surrounded by nature.
【Chairman】The view from the observation deck is truly spectacular. Not only can you see the mountains and entire town, but they transform with each season.
【Chairman】That's why we began holding the town marathon. Showing people just how beautiful this place is should help bring in more tourists and new residents...
【Chairman】But things haven't quite been going as we planned. If matters continue like this, this town won't be able to spare the budget for the marathon much longer.
【Chairman】That was when I learned about this program. And through them, we've decided to bet on you young ladies.
【Haruka】Thank you for telling us all this.
【Haruka】For the sake of this town you all love so much, we promise to do our best to make others feel the same way through this event.
[Sound] se00034_b
【Airi】Oh, more people are starting to come in. They must be the rest of the operations committee.
【Haruka】Yeah, let's go introduce ourselves.
[Sound] se00172_b
【Haruka】Um, excuse me...
【Operations Committee Members】...!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Operations Committee Members】U-Uhh... Thank you for coming.
【Haruka】(Huh...?)
【Haruka】(Is it just me, or are they trying to avoid us?)
【Chairman】Ah, that makes everyone from the operations committee. Alright, please gather up so that we can all introduce ourselves.
[Background Change] bg_a002901
[Sound] bgm00077
[Caption] A few hours later
[Caption] Town of Hanamioka - Observation Deck
【Haruka】(Something felt off even when we were introducing ourselves. We didn't seem entirely welcome...)
【Haruka】(At the same time, I sort of understand why they'd be so hesitant. I mean, I'd feel uncomfortable too if a group of outsiders came out of nowhere and said they'd like to help with my town's marquee event...)
【Shizuku】Haruka? Is something wrong?
【Haruka】Oh, sorry... I must've spaced out for a second.
【Haruka】More importantly, we need to start coming up with ideas to make sure the marathon succeeds.
【Airi】Right. First, we need to get ourselves familiar with Hanamioka by taking a stroll around town.
【Minori】Okay!
【Shizuku】Still, this really is a wonderful place... All this greenery and fresh air...
【Minori】I know, right?! And the food's delicious! The meats and veggies at the little eatery we just visited were so amazing! I couldn't put my utensils down!
【Haruka】Yeah, their dishes really brought the ingredients' flavors to life. We'll need to be careful not to overeat.
【Shizuku】Oh...!
【Airi】Hm? What's the matter, Shizuku?
【Shizuku】Look, everyone. There's a beautiful flower field over here.
【Haruka】Wow... It is beautiful.
【Airi】Yeah, and check out all the different flowers. You really only get to see stuff like this in places where nature's been allowed to just be.
【Minori】I hope the runners also get to see this.
【Minori】No, wait... The marathon's not for a long time, so these flowers might be gone by then...
【Haruka】But there might be a way to still make use of them.
【Shizuku】Huh?
【Haruka】For example, what if we...
【???】Are they sure about this? I mean, they're idols, right?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Haruka】(...? Are those people by the side of the road talking about...)
【Local B】And so young, too. You have to wonder if they'll be any use at all.
【Haruka】...!
【Local C】Not likely. I doubt they know the first thing about this place, so don't get your hopes up.
【Local A】Honestly, what is the chairman thinking, calling in that television crew? Can't he see that we're doing our best here? Does he think this is just for fun?
【Airi】They're on the operations committee, aren't they?
【Minori】Wow... I didn't realize that's how some people felt about all this.
【Haruka】Me neither...
【Haruka】But it's also proof that they're serious about what they're doing.
【Haruka】It's normal for them to be wary of outsiders and those they think they can't rely on. Their town is just that precious to them.
【Haruka】So, it's up to us to be the best diplomats we can, to help ease their worries.
【Minori】Haruka...
【Shizuku】I agree.
【Shizuku】We have to take this marathon and our interactions with the locals very seriously. We need to show them that we're going to do our absolute best.
【Minori】Right! Because we're here to spread hope to the people of this town!
【Minori】We're gonna do everything we can to help and make it so everyone's smiling in the end!
【Haruka】Oh, so... Going back to the flower field...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a004001
[Sound] bgm00170
[Caption] A few days later
[PlaceInfo] Hanamioka Town Hall
【Crew Member】Rolling in five, four, three...
【Chairman】Alright, let's start discussing ideas regarding how to improve our marathon. Who would like to begin?
[Sound] se00034_b
【Haruka】Umm... In that case, would it be okay for us to go first?
【Chairman】Yes, of course. The floor is yours.
【Haruka】While taking a walk around your town and actually running the marathon course...
【Haruka】We experienced Hanamioka's natural beauty and delicious food, and learned what a wonderful place it is.
【Local A】...
【Airi】So, we thought it might be good to start telling people online through social media. Would it be possible to start some official accounts?
【Airi】We have a feeling that a lot are going to say, “Imagine running while enjoying all this gorgeous scenery,” or, “The food here looks amazing,” and want to learn more about your town.
【Airi】Naturally, we'll be taking the lead in terms of doing interviews, posting new content and keeping the updates going.
【Local A】Yes, we were also thinking about doing more through social media, so your help would be much appreciated.
【Minori】Also, we have an idea regarding what's passed out at the refreshment stations!
【Minori】We were told that besides drinks, you offered candy and chocolate to help people recharge up through last year...
【Minori】But we thought that you could start offering things that used local Hanamioka ingredients.
【Minori】H-How does that sound?!
【Local B】Yes, it could be an opportunity to spread the word about all the delicious foods our town has to offer...
【Local C】But we can just buy snacks and the like. Making something would take more budget, and more hands.
【Shizuku】Yes, so please feel free to discuss your budget options before you decide.
【Shizuku】We'll also be available to help with any extra work that needs doing, so we hope you'll give this some thought.
【Local C】Hmm...
【Haruka】If I may, we have one last idea.
【Haruka】What if we handed out pressed-flower bookmarks?
【Local A】Pressed flowers?
【Minori】During our walk, we stumbled across this really beautiful flower field!
【Haruka】We were hoping that the runners would also get to see it, but then we realized that certain flowers won't be in bloom when the marathon actually happens.
【Haruka】So, we thought that turning them into bookmarks would be nice.
【Haruka】We'd be able to share with them what we saw, and they might want to come visit again when the fields are back in full bloom.
【Haruka】So...
【Local A】Yes, that sounds like a good idea.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Local B】I agree. The flower fields are one of our most treasured assets, so let's take it into consideration.
【Haruka】Thank you very much!
【Haruka】We should be able to make them as long as we're given some backing paper, so we're hoping you'll take this idea into consideration.
【Show Director】...
[Background Change] bg_a002901
【Shizuku】Here we...aah! No, this daikon refuses to come out of the ground. It must be very big...
[Sound] bgm00190
【Local Elderly Lady】I'm so sorry, putting you to work pulling veggies. My back has just been so sore lately...
【Shizuku】Not at all. We'll be using them for the marathon, so it's our pleasure to help.
【Haruka】Oh, Shizuku, there's a ladybug on your nose...
【Shizuku】Huh? Oh, you're right. It's a little... Achoo!
【Shizuku】Oh no...! I'm losing my balance... Eep!
[Sound] se00210_b
【Shizuku】*Gasp* Ma'am, look! Falling helped me pull out the daikon! It's so big!
【Airi】Phew... I'm done cutting all the wood.
【Minori】I just finished painting the outward-facing sections! Our stage should be ready in time for the marathon now!
【Airi】Yeah, and we have the local carpenter to thank for teaching us everything. Left to our own devices, we could've worked for a year and not gotten this done.
【Airi】We're gonna sing and dance on this stage so that all the runners participating will be able to get through the mountainous course!
[Sound] se_walk_men_003_1
【Local Carpenter】... Coming along?
【Minori】Oh! Hi, Boss!
【Local Carpenter】Thought it might be about time we start putting screws in, so I came to see how you two were doing...
【Local Carpenter】You've cut some beautiful cross sections here. And you've done a good job of putting on even coats of paint for these.
【Local Carpenter】Yeah. It'll do.
【Airi & Minori】B-Boss...!
【Crew Member】MMJ's working so hard. They've really been getting to know the community.
【Show Director】Yes, you're right. I honestly didn't think they'd be willing to go this far for this town.
【Show Director】If things keep going the way they have been and the marathon succeeds, then we should be able to get all the footage we need...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a004001
[Sound] bgm00180
[Caption] The day before the marathon
[PlaceInfo] Hanamioka Town Hall
【Haruka】Alright, I've finished making our posts for the day on social media.
【Airi】We're getting a lot more views on #HanamiokaMarathon too.
【Minori】Yeah! Thanks to that, it sounds like this year's marathon is getting a lot more applications than last year...
[Sound] se00046_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saito】E-Everyone, we have an emergency!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a004001
[Caption] Hanamioka Town Hall
【Haruka】Chairman!
【Chairman】Ah, MORE MORE JUMP! I apologize for having you all gather on such short notice.
【Airi】That's okay. Are we really running short on bookmarks?
【Operations Committee Member】Yes, more runners than we were expecting have applied, so it looks like we're not going to have enough to go around...
【Chairman】We were hoping to give everybody one, but we may need to start considering a first-come-first-serve policy.
【Operations Committee Member】It's such a shame. We were hoping everyone could go home with a beautiful little memory of our town.
【Haruka】Oh...
[Sound] se00053_b
【Chairman】That's why we began holding the town marathon. Showing people just how beautiful this place is should help bring in more tourists and new residents...
【Haruka】Pardon me!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Operations Committee Member】Huh?
【Haruka】Can you tell us how many bookmarks we're currently short?
【Operations Committee Member】How many? I'd say about 400 would cover it...
【Haruka】Okay. A hundred per person, then.
【Shizuku】Oh...
【Shizuku】Hehe. You're right!
【Operations Committee Member】Wait, what are you saying?
【Airi】There's still enough time for each of us to make a hundred more. Then, we'll have enough for everyone.
[Sound] bgm00231
【Operations Committee Member】B-But! We couldn't possibly ask you to go that far...
【Minori】It's okay! We're the ones who suggested that we pass out bookmarks in the first place!
【Shizuku】Please let us do this. We want to put smiles on the faces of everyone in this town and all those who participate in the marathon.
【Operations Committee Member】Girls...
【Operations Committee Member】Then, please do. I'd love to help out, but we still have things to do for tomorrow.
【Haruka】That's okay. You can leave this to us.
【Haruka】Let's start by checking how many extra flowers we have. If we need more...
【Chairman】I can ask the flower shop to see if they have the ones we're using. I'll do something about the budget.
【Haruka】Thank you very much! In that case, we should be able to dry them out in time by using the microwave.
【Haruka】Alright, Airi, Shizuku, could you two check our reserves and go with the chairman to get the flowers we need?
【Shizuku】Okay!
【Haruka】Minori, can you gather up all the tools so we can get started right away? I'll bring the materials.
【Minori】Got it!
【Saito】I'll help you carry everything!
【Show Director】... Keep the cameras rolling.
【Crew Member】O-Of course!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm90040
[Caption] A few hours later
【Haruka】Phew...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Okay, that makes about twenty total.
【Minori】Wow, that's a lot already! Though, we still have a long way to go until 400.
【Minori】Alright, that means we gotta really get cracking!
【Shizuku】Yes, but we should also make each one with care.
[Sound] se00046_b
【???】Oh, you're really going at it.
【Haruka】Huh?
【Operations Committee Members】Honestly, why didn't you come tell us?
【Airi】Everyone! But what are you doing here?
【Local A】We should be asking you that.
【Haruka】Oh...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a002901
【Local A】Are they sure about this? I mean, they're idols, right?
[Background Change] bg_a004001
【Haruka】We apologize for doing this without consulting you all, but...
【Local A】If the chairman hadn't told us, then you would've ended up doing all the work.
【Haruka】Huh?
【Haruka】Wait, but...
【Local C】Ah, don't look at us like that.
【Local C】I understand why you'd be hesitant. We didn't exactly welcome you with open arms.
【Local C】We thought you and that television crew were really just here for some feel-good footage.
【Local C】But when we actually bothered looking...
【Local B】You've all worked so hard for our town.
[Sound] bgm00194
【Local B】Even when the cameras weren't on, you got muddy harvesting crops and you built that big stage. I honestly couldn't believe my eyes.
【Local B】But it made us really happy.
【Haruka】Oh...
【Local C】Besides, this is our town. That means it's our duty to act.
【Local A】Right. What we mean to say is...
【Local A】Let's do this, together.
【Haruka】...! Thank you very much.
【Haruka】(That's so great to hear.)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a002901
【Haruka】It's normal for them to be wary of outsiders and those they think they can't rely on. Their town is just that precious to them.
【Haruka】So, it's up to us to be the best diplomats we can, to help ease their worries.
【Shizuku】We have to take this marathon and our interactions with the locals very seriously. We need to show them that we're going to do our absolute best.
[Background Change] bg_a004001
【Haruka】(Our feelings made it through to them.)
[Background Change] bg_s000322
【Operations Committee Members】Oh, Haruka, your flowers are lined up so nicely. Can you show me how to do that?
【Haruka】Thank you. You see, even if the flowers stick out a little at first, they'll shrink into position like this.
【Operations Committee Members】Oh, so that's the trick!
【Haruka】Also, you don't necessarily have to line them up in a row. You can actually layer them together too...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Caption] One month later
[Caption] MORE MORE HOUSE
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【MC】<Next, we have the segment you've all been waiting for. “The Town Revitalization Team!”>
【MC】<This week, we have MORE MORE JUMP! giving the town of Hanamioka a big hand.>
[Background Change] bg_b003002
【Rin】<Oh, your segment's about to start!>
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002901
【Minori】<Th-The stage needs so many planks of wood! We're never gonna finish carrying these over!>
[Sound] bgm00190
【Airi】<Normally, I'd tell you to quit complaining and keep working, but having to make round trips on this mountainous road is pretty draining.>
【Airi】<But this seems like the perfect time for a...! Happy Heave-Hooo!>
【Minori】<W-Wait...! That's the technique that allows someone to use their full strength despite being really exhausted! Only truly happy idols can use that!>
【Airi】<Every time I've used it, I've been able to get through a shoot no problem! So, let's get back to carrying these planks!>
【Minori】<Okay, I'll do my best!>
[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Background Change] bg_a004001
【Local C】<Besides, this is our town. That means it's our duty to act.>
【Local A】<Right. What we mean to say is...>
【Local A】<Let's do this, together.>
【Haruka】<...! Thank you very much.>
[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Background Change] bg_a002901
【Shizuku】<Congratulations on finishing! If you like, please take this commemorative bookmark.>
【Runners】<Wow, this is so cute! It's like a little flower field!>
【Runners】<Hehe. It's just like what we saw while we were running.>
【Runners】<And the food was so good. We've gotta visit again sometime.>
【Shizuku】<...! Thank you for saying that!>
[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rin】<Th-That was so good...!>
[Sound] bgm00024
【MEIKO】<Yes, it was! And I was so moved when the locals came to help you girls.>
【KAITO】<Me too. The way your earnestness reached them, and they came to help you out... It was so exciting to see!>
【Minori】Hehe. Thanks, you guys!
【Len】<So, how did everyone watching react?>
【Haruka】Oh, about that... We didn't see that big a response online, since the program's viewership tends to be older...
【Haruka】But we received a ton of fan mail.
【Len】As in, letters?
【KAITO】So, on top of those who made posts online, there were many who went out of their way to send you their thoughts on paper?
【Haruka】Yes. They said things like, “I was encouraged by the way you worked so hard for them,” or “I wanted to show my support,” which made us really happy.
【Haruka】The program's ratings aren't actually all that high, but we feel that we spread hope to those who did watch.
【Airi】And I think we deserve a pat on the back, considering how happy all the locals were.
[Sound] se00043_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saito】E-Everyone, I have big news!
[Sound] se00632
【Shizuku】Big news, Saito?
【Saito】The director for “The Town Revitalization Team!” just asked me about all of you...
【Saito】Apparently, they're putting another show into development, and they want you on as regulars!
[Sound] bgm00192
【Minori】Wh-What...?!
【Minori】I-In other words... Another show's in development? And they want us as regulars?!
【Airi】That's not other words at all!
【Saito】It is a late-night slot, but it's for a big network!
【Shizuku】What?! A big network?!
【Haruka】That's incredible news, but why?
【Saito】So, it wasn't just us being contacted. People have apparently been sending in an abnormally high volume of messages to the show!
【Saito】They want more of MORE MORE JUMP!
【Haruka】...!
【Saito】And it's not just that. The director also said they'd personally love to work with you again.
【Saito】I quote, “Getting the footage we wanted was obviously important, but considering how happy you made all the locals, we couldn't have asked for a better shoot.”
【Minori】Wow...!
【Shizuku】It's so wonderful to hear such high praise.
【Minori】Yeah! That means we managed to live up to the director's expectations!
【Airi】And we have you to thank, Haruka.
【Haruka】Huh?
【Shizuku】I agree. You took the time to make sure we'd choose an offer that would be perfect for our dream...
【Shizuku】Even while we were shooting, you placed the locals first and made all the right decisions.
【Minori】Yeah! You made it a show that everyone, from the staff to the viewers, really enjoyed.
【Airi】We can't thank you enough, Haruka.
【Airi】All your effort has allowed us to take another big step forward as a group.
【Haruka】All of you...
【Haruka】Thanks. I just tried to do what I could, but I'm really glad you're all saying this.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】By the way, Haruka. I have a little idea...
【Haruka】Huh?
【Airi】How would you feel about becoming the producer for MORE MORE JUMP!?
【Haruka】You mean...
【Airi】Of course, I'm not saying that you'll have to do everything. We'll still discuss anything that's really important as a group.
【Airi】But with everything that happened this time around, it got me thinking. We'll have to be careful about how we keep on moving forward...
【Airi】We need a producer to find that way for us, and keep pulling us in the right direction.
【Airi】And you're the only person who can do that, Haruka.
【Airi】You were the lead for an A-list idol group, which means there are certain things that only you can see.
【Haruka】...
【Haruka】(The producer of MORE MORE JUMP! That's a big responsibility...)
【Haruka】(If I take on that role, then my decisions will have a direct impact on our group's future...)
【Shizuku】I agree...
【Shizuku】I'd also like to ask you to do this, Haruka.
【Haruka】What?
【Shizuku】Not only are you experienced and knowledgeable, you're perceptive and careful. Your calls have saved us so many times.
【Minori】Yeah, she's right. I'd be more than happy to follow you!
【Minori】If you do accept, we promise to come up with ideas for streams and practice in your place... And we'll always be ready to help if you're in trouble!
【Haruka】All of you...
【Haruka】(They really believe in me.)
【Haruka】(Then, I don't want to let them down. Also...)
【Haruka】Okay, I'll do it.
[Sound] bgm00240
【Minori】Y-You will?
【Haruka】Yes. The truth is, I was also starting to feel that we need a dedicated producer.
【Haruka】Also, I couldn't be happier that my idea ended up helping MORE MORE JUMP! this much...
【Haruka】Now I want to keep coming up with ideas that will help us shine.
【Haruka】I want to reach even greater heights with all of you.
【Minori】Haruka...
【Haruka】But I don't honestly know how good a producer I'll be as I am now... I'll have to start learning.
【Airi】Hehe. I'm sure you'll do great, Haruka.
【Haruka】I'll probably be asking you a lot of questions moving forward too, Saito. So, if you don't mind...
【Saito】Of course! I'll learn everything I can, and support you in every way!
【Haruka】(I have to really do my best here. In order to make sure MORE MORE JUMP! shines brighter and brighter.)
【Haruka】(So that we become top idols who are able to spread hope to everyone in Japan.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000101
[Caption] Talent Agency
【Manager】Hello, Mr. Hiiragi.
【Hiiragi】Ah, hello. Quick question. You said something about “What's the Buzz?” looking at our idols for their list of up-and-comers...
【Hiiragi】What's going on with that?
【Manager】A-About that... I checked with them, and they decided to give that spot to another group...
【Hiiragi】I see. I was really hoping to lock that down.
【Manager】I'm sorry... It sounded like they were really eager to get MORE MORE JUMP! in, given how popular they're getting.
【Hiiragi】...
【Hiiragi】MORE MORE JUMP!, huh?
[Sound] bgm00000
