【Tenma Tsukasa — Words Of Thanks〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: Words Of Thanks（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Our Happy Ending
scenarioId: 013026_tsukasa01

[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
[Sound] se00122_b
【Tsukasa】How does it look, Rui...?
【Rui】Yes, it seems good. I'll take this script and begin working on how we'll present it.
【Tsukasa】Excellent! Thank you!
【Emu】Yay☆ That means we're done working on the script for the anniversary show♪
【Nene】Yeah, and I feel like the ending really suits us now. I like it.
【Tsukasa】But of course! I mean, how much happier can this ending get?!
【Tsukasa】Phoenix Wonderland's anniversary show is scheduled to open two months from now!
【Tsukasa】This will be our final show as members of its cast, so let's give it everything we have!
【Emu, Nene & Rui】Yeah!
【Nene】Oh, right. They're probably gonna announce that we're becoming freelancers pretty soon, huh?
【Rui】Yes. From what I understand, they're going to explain what's going on to the cast first before announcing it to the public.
【Tsukasa】Emu's brothers said that they'd take care of it, so we shouldn't have to worry much...
【Tsukasa】But I feel a little bad about placing the burden on them...
【Rui】Me too. Yes, they agreed to us becoming freelancers, but we stand to benefit more from this...
【Rui】Which means we should do what we can for them and the park.
【Nene】Hmm... We still have the anniversary show, so we should get a chance to greet all the visitors, right?
【Tsukasa】So what about the other cast members...?
【Tsukasa】They're our valued comrades. They helped us protect and save Phoenix Wonderland...
【Rui】We should at least thank them one last time.
【Emu】Oh, that shouldn't be a problem!
【Emu】Keisuke and Shosuke said that it'd be okay for us to do that after they've had a chance to tell them the news.
【Tsukasa】Oh, really?!
【Emu】Yup! And there's lots of people I still need to talk to♪
【Tsukasa】Excellent! Then, once they've heard the news, we'll go and thank them one last time!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000301
[Sound] bgm00115
[Caption] A few days later
[Caption] In Front of the Ferris Wheel
【Emu】Good mooorning☆
【Tsukasa】We're sorry to interrupt your preparations, but do you all have a moment to talk?
【Cast Member A】Oh, Emu! Wait, you're all here!
【Cast Member B】We heard the news! You're gonna start freelancing and learn how to put on better shows?
【Rui】Yes, which is why we came by to thank you all one last time.
[PlaceInfo] In Front of the Phoenix Coaster
【Nene】We understand if you're surprised since we know the news was sudden...
【Emu】But we're gonna go see lots of new things, experience lots of stuff and come back bigger and better than before!
【Cast Member C】Hahaha! That's great! Yeah, you guys definitely should experience as much as you can while you're young.
【Cast Member D】I agree. It also makes me really happy that the park's operators are willing to give you this opportunity.
[PlaceInfo] In Front of the Fish Coaster
【Cast Member E】Go on! The more famous you all become, the prouder we'll be to have worked with you!
【Cast Member F】Our beloved fish coaster's still in operation because of all of you.
【Cast Member F】So, thank you very much! We hope all your dreams come true!
【Tsukasa】And thank you all very much!
【Emu, Nene & Rui】Thank you all very much!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d001101
[Sound] bgm00059
[Caption] Phoenix Stage
【Nishie】We were all so stunned when they told us that you guys are gonna become freelancers!
【Omori】But it actually kinda makes sense. We're really happy for all of you!
【Cast Members】Things aren't gonna be the same, but we'll be rooting for you guys!
【Cast Members】Go learn as much as you can!
【Tsukasa】All of you...
【Rui】Thank you for understanding...
【Sakurako】They understand because it's you we're talking about. They wouldn't do that for just anyone.
【Sakurako】After all, you've managed to pull off a miracle once already.
【Sakurako】By saving Phoenix Wonderland. By keeping it “the place where everyone smiles”.
【Tsukasa】...! But we were only able to do that because of all your help. It was a massive group effort.
【Tsukasa】We never would've been able to accomplish such a thing by ourselves...
【Sakurako】Of course you wouldn't have.
【Sakurako】But even I was impressed by the way you were able to take action and unite the park's entire cast under one banner.
【Sakurako】With that sort of power, you should be able to make even more people smile than before.
【Emu】Sakurako...!
【Sakurako】I'll look you all up from time to time, so do your best out there.
【Sakurako】But before you do, you have to fulfill your duties as cast members by putting on a good anniversary show.
【Tsukasa】Yes, of course!
【Tsukasa】We promise to make the most of all your kindness by putting on an absolutely spectacular performance!
[Sound] bgm00000
