【Momoi Airi — Pro Give And Take〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Pro Give And Take（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Lead to Shine More
scenarioId: 007036_airi02

[Background Change] bg_a004001
[Caption] Hanamioka Town Hall
【Minori】*Sigh* I'm exhausted...
【Airi】But we finished building the stage!
【Minori】Thank goodness we were able to complete it in time for the event! Now we'll be able to cheer all the runners on!
【Airi】Yeah. We can't let the runners show us up. We've got to sing and dance our hearts out to make this marathon an even more exciting event!
[Sound] se00046_b
【???】Good work, you two.
【Airi】Huh? Oh!
【Minori】Boss!
【Local Carpenter】Here. The wife made you something.
【Minori】Wow! These rice balls are loaded with different ingredients!
【Airi】And they're still warm! Thank you for always being so kind!
【Local Carpenter】No big deal. She does it because she wants to.
【Airi】Still, we really appreciate it. Come on, let's have these while they're still warm!
【Minori】Yeah!
【Airi & Minori】Let's eat! Let's dig in!
【Airi】Mmm!
【Minori】*Sigh* This really hits the spot.
【Airi】These rice balls are so good! The chicken and wild herbs are perfectly cooked!
【Local Carpenter】Yeah? She'll love hearing that.
【Local Carpenter】... I saw the stage you two put up. Came together really nice.
【Minori】...! Thank you very much!
【Airi】We wouldn't have been able to do it without everyone's help.
【Local Carpenter】You got the hang of things pretty quick, Hanasato. And you were solid from the start, Momoi. But most important, you two've got guts.
【Airi】Hehe. You know it! You're not gonna get an idol to break that easily!
【Local Carpenter】Really? Not sure what being an idol has to do with it.
【Local Carpenter】But, I'm glad your stage turned out as well as it did.
【Local Carpenter】Say, I got a question for you two.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Huh? For us?
【Local Carpenter】Yeah. Just, try not to laugh...
【Local Carpenter】How can I get better at singing?
【Airi】Huh? Singing?
【Local Carpenter】Yeah. Next town meeting we're doing karaoke, and I have to sing. It's not really my thing...
[Sound] bgm00024
【Airi】Oh, I see... I kind of get that from you.
【Local Carpenter】How? In any case, I'm not about to embarrass myself in front of any youngsters...
【Local Carpenter】So, I was hoping I could get some professional advice.
【Minori】Hmm... How to become a better singer...
【Local Carpenter】Look, I'm not putting lipstick on a pig here. I'm not gonna be good. I just don't want to look nervous.
【Airi】A way to not feel nervous...
【Airi】Then, I have just the solution!
【Local Carpenter】Oh, really?
【Airi】Yes, all you have to do is... Sing loud and sing proud!
【Local Carpenter】Sing loud and sing proud...?
【Airi】You already know how to project your voice really loudly from your gut, Boss.
【Airi】And that volume is really important when it comes to singing.
【Minori】She's right! I could always hear your voice really clearly even from super far away!
【Local Carpenter】Well, thanks and all... But is that really all there is to it?
【Airi】Obviously, you have to practice in order to learn how to use techniques like vibrato and falsetto well...
【Airi】But singing isn't just about whether or not you're good at it.
【Local Carpenter】...
【Airi】Even if you aren't a great singer, you can leave a big impression just by putting in an honest effort!
【Minori】Yeah! It's true, that can really make someone shine!
【Airi】So just have confidence! Stand up on that stage and go, “Here I am!” And it should all work out.
【Local Carpenter】I see...
【Local Carpenter】Alright, got it. I'll give it a shot.
【Airi】Great! I'm sure everyone's going to love the way you sing!
【Minori】Break a leg!
【Local Carpenter】Alright, thanks!
【Airi】(Hehe. He seems to be feeling much better now. I'm so glad that we could help.)
【Airi】(Well, after saying all that, I can't back down myself. We're gonna sing and dance on that stage we built...)
【Airi】(And give energy to everyone who comes to the marathon!)
[Sound] bgm00000
