【Hoshino Ichika — Starry Steps〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hoshino Ichika
Card: Starry Steps（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: First Star After the Rain
scenarioId: 001005_ichika02

[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Saki】Is everyone ready? Alright, everyone, it's time for us to set off! Are you ready for this?
【Ichika】You make it sound like we're going on some epic adventure. It's just a florist shop, you know?
【Saki】But I've been looking forward to this day for so long♪ Hona and Shiho, you've both been there before, right?
【Honami】Yes. A few times before. Not as often as Ichika, of course.
【Shiho】Yeah. Ichika was a regular customer there. And she would always be thinking about what flowers to bring next, too.
【Ichika】Yes. Usually, I would just buy the flowers I already had my eye on...
【Ichika】But I often included flowers recommended by the florist lady too.
【Saki】Oh! I often hear you talk about her. She must be such a nice lady!
【Ichika】She is. She regularly gave me discounts, too. I think it may have been her way of showing concern for me.
【Saki】I see! Hehe, I can't wait to meet her.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001001
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Florist Lady】Oh my, is that Ichika? You're back for more flowers?
【Ichika】Yes, it's me. Um, I brought my childhood friends along with me today.
【Honami】Hello. Long time no see.
【Shiho】Hello...
【Florist Lady】My! It's been a while since I saw the both of you!
【Honami】You remember us, too?
【Florist Lady】Of course I do. And you've all grown so much in the short period of time we haven't met! Hm?
【Saki】Oh, h-hello! My name is Saki Tenma.
【Saki】Thank you for all those pretty flowers I've received! As you can see, I'm in the pink of health now♪
【Florist Lady】Ah, so you were the one they got flowers for! I've been hoping to meet you one day.
【Saki】Me too! The flowers Ichi brought during her visits were all so lovely. I always looked forward to receiving them!
【Saki】Oh, please take a look at this!
【Saki】These are pressed flowers I made from the ones I received!
【Saki】Not all of them, though. I asked my mom to make them for me.
【Florist Lady】My, my... I can tell you really cherished those flowers. Thank you, Saki.
【Florist Lady】I'm so glad you've recovered from your illness. I know it couldn't have been easy.
【Florist Lady】You really did well.
【Saki】Hehe, thanks!
【Saki】Oh, but it wasn't that bad at all!
【Saki】I just kept thinking about the fun things I would do with my friends after I can go back to school again, and that would always put me in a good mood!
【Ichika】(Saki...)
【Florist Lady】Hehe. Well then, are you having fun now?
【Saki】Yes! Every day feels very bright!
【Ichika】Um, Ms. Florist?
【Ichika】The next time I come, I'll be getting flowers for birthdays and other celebrations instead of for hospital visits.
【Saki】Hey, that sounds great! I'll do that too!
【Florist Lady】You're always welcome here.
【Florist Lady】I'll even give you a discount the next time!
【Saki】Really?! Did you all hear that? She's going to give us discounts!
【Shiho】Yes, I heard the first time. Don't get carried away now.
【Saki】I'm not getting carried away, nope!
【Honami】Hehe.
【Ichika】(Let's buy lots of flowers together from now on, Saki.)
[Sound] bgm00000
