【Kamishiro Rui — Illegal Veggie Dumping〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Illegal Veggie Dumping（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Choices for the Future
scenarioId: 016044_rui02

[Background Change] bg_e001302
[Caption] Aboard a Train
【Female Passenger A】Kikyogumi's show was so good! And I really liked their new members!
【Female Passenger B】Now that we can get tickets at a more reasonable price, I might go to their next show.
【Rui】Everybody seems to like the new Kikyogumi quite a lot.
【Rui】I was worried that it would take the students a long time to meld with the others and master the story...
【Rui】But they managed to put together a spectacular performance in such a short period of time. It was a good reminder of the power Morinomiya possesses.
【Tsukasa】Yes, and based on the incredible show they just put on, I believe they have a bright future ahead of them.
【Emu】Suzu's also been hearing about how everyone's really enjoying this new format, which has been putting a big smile on her face!
【Nene】I checked social media to see what everyone's saying about today's show. People are posting positive comments for the most part.
【Rui】Let's see... Ah, look at that.
[Sound] se00183_b
【Rui】Even existing Kikyogumi fans seem to understand the charm and value of this change.
【Nene】Yeah. A lot of people seemed pretty apprehensive about the idea of students performing on that stage...
【Nene】But it looks like that went away after actually seeing them.
【Emu】Hey, check it out! A bunch of them aren't just relieved, they're amazed!
【Emu】I'm glad all the hard work those boys put in paid off!
【Rui】Hehe. They may be students, but they really are remarkable actors.
【Rui】Huh...?
【Emu】What's up?
【Rui】Hehe. Look here.
【Tsukasa】Let's see...
【Comment】<The actor I really like is still a student?! He was so amazing!>
【Comment】<Those boys brought such a fresh charm to the stage. I really want to root for them now! I can't wait to see how they grow as actors moving forward!>
【Emu】Wow! That's great! They already have fans!
【Rui】It would seem the opportunity to cheer for them presents its own charm, different from that of supporting established actors.
【Rui】After all, fans can enjoy seeing their favorite actors grow and improve.
【Rui】So, I hope things continue to go well.
【Emu】Me too! And this is Morinomiya we're talking about, so I'm sure they'll do just fine!
【Rui】Still, in terms of watching actors grow, we experienced something similar at the Wonder Stage...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Nene】At the Wonder Stage?
【Rui】Yes. We had quite a lot of people cheering for us, didn't we?
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Sound] bgm00195
[Background Change] bg_e001302
【Nene】Yeah...
【Nene】It is always nice to see regulars in the crowd when you're on stage.
【Emu】And it's so easy to pick them out☆ I remember waving whenever I saw them.
【Tsukasa】We also saw a steady increase in the size of the audience with each show we did.
【Tsukasa】I still vividly remember the sea of people we saw during our final show at the Wonder Stage.
【Rui】And they all wished us well when it came time to say goodbye to the stage.
【Rui】I have a feeling that they were also looking forward to seeing how we'd grow.
【Nene】Yeah, you might be right...
【Emu】I hope we get a chance to show them just how much we've grown someday!
【Tsukasa】If we're going to do that, then we'll need to keep finding ways to improve!
【Rui】Right. Let's do our best to surpass their expectations, shall we?
【Emu, Tsukasa & Nene】Yeah! Yeah...!
[Sound] bgm00000
