【Aoyagi Toya — Christmas At The Aoyagis'〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: Christmas At The Aoyagis'（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Find A Way Out
scenarioId: 012021_touya01

[Background Change] bg_c001401
[Caption] Aoyagi Household - Living Room
【Toya】Mom, I'm heading off to practice.
【Toya's Mother】Toya, wait. Do you have a moment before you go?
【Toya's Mother】Your father will be busy performing during Christmas, so we'll be holding our party early as usual.
【Toya's Mother】Which is why I'd like you to come home early that day. Would that be possible?
【Toya】Yes, if we have practice that day, I'll ask the others to see if we can end it early or call it off.
【Toya's Mother】Wonderful...!
【Toya's Mother】Then, I'll ask your father after he gets home about when will be best.
【Toya】Okay.
【Toya】By the way, will we all be gathering...?
【Toya's Mother】Oh, do you mean your brothers? No, they'll be busy with their own concert.
【Toya's Mother】They both sounded very sad when I asked them.
【Toya】I see...
【Toya】(If they did come home, I could tell them all about Dad, Akito and everyone else...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_c001403
【Toya】I know it may seem it's beneath you. But that's not how I see it.
【Toya】This music is as important to me as classical music is to you.
【Toya】I've never wanted to hold on to something so much before...
【Toya】And I really want you to understand that... Because you're the one who introduced me to the joy of music.
【Toya's Father】I... I can't understand what people see in that sort of music...
【Toya】That sort of music...?
【Toya】Dad, were you...?
[Background Change] bg_c001401
【Toya】(He still hasn't fully accepted what I'm doing, but I was able to tell him what I actually want to do with my life...)
【Toya】(Which means I should be comfortable with telling my brothers about it.)
【Toya】(And I thought I'd get a chance to this Christmas. Unfortunately, it'll have to wait until another time...)
【Toya's Mother】While we're on the subject, Toya, is there anything you'd like to eat during our party?
【Toya's Mother】I'll be roasting a chicken since your father said he'd like some.
【Toya】What I'd like to eat...?
【Toya】How about that rice gratin with fish you made during our last Christmas party?
【Toya's Mother】Oh, did you like it that much?
【Toya】Yes, it was very good and definitely left an impression on me.
【Toya's Mother】Hehe. I'm glad I decided to take on that challenge. Hearing such a glowing review means it was worth the effort.
【Toya】Challenge...?
【Toya's Mother】Yes. I generally avoid intricate dishes since I'm not exactly the best cook out there.
【Toya's Mother】But your father said I should do just fine as long as I follow the recipe.
【Toya】I didn't realize...
【Toya】(Follow the recipe... That sounds like something he'd say.)
【Toya's Mother】Also, Mrs. Tenma... Tsukasa's mother sent me a video for reference.
【Toya】(She always goes above and beyond for birthday and Christmas parties... But I guess she works very hard behind the scenes.)
【Toya】Thank you for always putting in so much effort, Mom. I'll be looking forward to what you make for us this Christmas.
【Toya's Mother】Yes, I'll do my best to make sure both you and your father smile.
【Toya's Mother】Oh, I'm also thinking about baking some gingerbread cookies.
【Toya】Gingerbread cookies?
【Toya's Mother】Hehe. You and your father both like cookies, no? 'Tis the season, and it'll be another nice challenge for me.
【Toya】Thank you, Mom.
【Toya】(The cookies she bakes sometimes get a little burnt, but for some reason, they taste better than any others I've had.)
【Toya】(I'm very much looking forward to our party now...)
[Sound] bgm00000
