【Tenma Saki — Chatting By The Window〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: Chatting By The Window（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Resonating with you
scenarioId: 002010_saki01

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] One day, during lunch
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C
【Saki】Haruka, we're back♪
【Haruka】Welcome back, Tenma, Hoshino. Did you get what you were after?
【Ichika】We did. Thank you for waiting too.
【Saki】An epic battle to see who can get the best bread! Something you can only experience in high school♪
【Ichika】But doing this every day would be a little much. I wish we could go buy them before lunch too.
【Haruka】Hehe. I see you got another yakisoba bun, Hoshino?
【Ichika】Yes. I can't help but buy them.
【Saki】And I got a hold of a melon bread today♪
【Ichika】You've been craving one since yesterday too.
【Saki】Hey, passing by the melon bread shop after practicing so much really didn't help! I was starving!
【Saki】I should pat myself on the back for not immediately giving in to temptation there.
【Haruka】Practice? Oh, you mean band practice?
【Saki】Yup!
【Saki】Oh, right!
【Saki】You've done a ton of shows, Haruka, so I was wondering... What's it like to perform in one? What's it like to do a show?!
【Ichika】Saki, that doesn't sound like a fair question.
【Haruka】Hehe. It's okay. What's it like...?
【Haruka】They're always short, only a few hours, but you get to see all these fans gather and have fun together...
【Saki】Yeah, and...?!
【Haruka】They're an important chance to directly reach out to them with your music. It's a time when you and your fans get to come together as one.
【Ichika】As one...
【Haruka】And the sea of glow sticks is so beautiful since it looks like everyone's bursting with light and energy.
【Haruka】As each song starts, the venue shakes as the crowd cheers and you can hear everyone from even on the third deck. It's an incredible feeling...
【Saki】Whoa...! That sounds awesome!
【Ichika】But we have something a little less grandiose in mind for now...
【Ichika】ASRUN shows always seemed to have fairly high attendance figures, didn't they...?
【Haruka】That may be true, but it also depended on the venue as well. When our tours included the big domes, we'd get anywhere between 30,000 and 50,000 guests...
【Saki】50,000?! Hold on... How many does the gym seat?
【Ichika】I don't know...? At the very least, everyone in the school would have to fit, which means...?
【Haruka】I'm sorry. That probably won't help you much...
【Saki】No, don't say that! The part about shows being super fun and exciting sounded amazing!
【Ichika】But even then, 50,000 is something else. I'm not sure I'd be able to sing in front of so many people...
【Ichika】I get nervous even when I talk in front of everyone during student council meetings.
【Saki】Yeah, I get jittery whenever I have to announce anything in class too. I can't imagine what it would be like to do that in front of the entire school...
【Haruka】Hehe. I was the same when I just debuted. I always felt so nervous.
【Saki】Haruka? Feeling nervous?
【Haruka】Yes. Sometimes my mind would go completely blank and I still don't remember what happened during my first few shows.
【Saki】Wait, really?! How did you get used to being on stage like that?!
【Haruka】It wasn't so much about getting used to things as it was about realizing something. When my fans started calling my name and cheering for me, I figured it out.
【Haruka】I knew then that they're on my side and that there's no need for me to be afraid.
【Saki】Oh, okay! That would make performing in front of them a lot more fun, huh?
【Haruka】Exactly. They're the difference. They make it happen.
【Ichika】I think I understand where you're coming from...
【Ichika】I've been training in secret for a little while now, and I got a taste of that too...
【Saki】Yeah! You still haven't told us anything about what you've been doing! Please, Ichi, tell us...!
【Ichika】I think I'll keep it a secret for a little while longer. I'll tell you everything soon.
【Saki】Aww...
【Saki】(But I didn't know fans could make such a huge difference. To be fair, we haven't even done a single show yet...)
【Saki】(Shiho's already subbed in as a backup bassist a lot where she works too...)
【Saki】(And Hona's played in front of people for the junior high brass band...)
【Saki】(Ichi's been doing some secret training, whatever that is...)
【Saki】(So does that mean I'm the only one that's never played in front of other people...?)
【Ichika】Saki, you're not mad, are you...?
【Saki】Huh? No, why would I get mad over something like that...?
【Saki】I was just thinking that I can't wait for us to put on a show together as Leo/need♪
【Saki】(As long as we're together, even if it's our first time, I feel like we can do anything!)
[Sound] bgm00000
