【Tenma Saki — What I Want From A Leader?〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: What I Want From A Leader?（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Lead With Courage and Kindness
scenarioId: 002034_saki02

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Shiho】Nice work today, everyone.
【Ichika】Yeah, nice work!
【Saki】Nice work!
【Honami】Thank you all as well, Luka. Our practice went as well as it did because of you.
【Luka】Hehe. You're welcome.
【Miku】You seem to be getting the hang of leading the band, Honami.
【Honami】Oh, you think so?
【Rin】She's right♪ You seem a lot more confident.
【MEIKO】Yes, something's different... Maybe you have a different look on your face compared to before.
【Honami】Really? If that's true, I'm very glad.
【Len】Still, it is kinda weird to think that your band was leaderless this entire time.
【Rin】You think so? It didn't seem necessary to me since they all work so hard together.
【Luka】Fair point. Having a leader stand above everyone else may've had some negative side effects because you're all so close.
【Saki】Wait, even if that person was doing what they could for the band?
【MEIKO】I suppose you girls might see it that way.
【Luka】But there is the possibility that one of you suddenly being placed in a position of power could cause problems since you've all been equals until now.
【Luka】Being asked to do something by the leader may cause you to become irritated with them and result in you refusing to listen to their commands...
【Shiho】To be fair, the more you care about the quality of your music and performances, the more likely it is for a band to argue and fight.
【Saki】Really...?
【Miku】In that sense, this was probably the most opportune time for you to choose your leader.
【Miku】Because you'd just figured out what your aspirations are as members of Leo/need, and what you want to accomplish as a band.
【MEIKO】And your manager saw that as the best moment for you to pick a leader. I have to say, that was very clever of him.
【Saki】Hmm... So, does that mean...
【Saki】If we tried to do this sooner, then we might've ended up with someone else leading us?
【Ichika】Oh, right...
【Ichika】That might've been you when we all decided to go pro together, Shiho.
【Shiho】Huh? Me?
【Honami】I agree. You were the one who taught us everything we needed to know about how to actually go pro as musicians.
【Saki】That reminds me of how you picked a fight with Saku to protect us♪
【Shiho】I did that purely out of anger...
【Shiho】The leader should be the one stopping anything like that from happening.
【Len】Haha. Good point.
【Shiho】Actually, wouldn't that make Ichika a solid possibility?
【Ichika】What?! Wh-Why me?
【Shiho】Because you've been willing to be the first to dive in during some crucial moments.
【Saki】Oh, she's right! You were the one who said we should form a band and play Miku songs together!
【Saki】Plus, you restarted the band with me when I started coming to school again!
【Ichika】But you suggested it first...
【Honami】Still, Ichika, we wouldn't be standing here right now if you hadn't taken action.
【Ichika】Hearing that makes me really happy...
【Saki】Oh, what about me? In a different universe, I might've been leading us♪
【Shiho】Pretty sure wishing for it disqualifies you.
【Saki】What?! You don't think that, right, Hona?!
【Honami】No, since you've been a powerful source of encouragement. Your cheerful optimism has helped us get through more than a few tough situations.
【Luka】Not only that, you and Ichika are both doing a wonderful job of telling everyone what Leo/need is all about.
【Saki】That's it...!
【Saki】Alright, Ichi, you next! What do you think?
【Ichika】Uhh... Basically the same things Honami and Luka just said...
【Miku】Hehe. As the leader, Saki, you shouldn't needlessly put pressure on your fellow bandmates.
【Saki】No, this is a way of practicing how to see the best in others!
【Honami】Hehe.
【Honami】That's good and all, but has everyone been making sure to get hydrated?
【Saki】Huh...?
【Honami】Also, we should wipe off all this sweat before we begin to cool down too much.
【Ichika】In the end, the person that's meant to lead us is...
【Saki】Hona♪
[Sound] bgm00000
