【Hanasato Minori — My First Vocal Range Check!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hanasato Minori
Card: My First Vocal Range Check!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Tied By Painful Hope
scenarioId: 005015_minori01

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Haruka】Alright, that should be enough practice for today...
【Len】Good work, everyone!
【Minori】G-Good work...
【MEIKO】You did really well today, Minori♪ Your energy during the chorus was great!
【Minori】Hehe... The lyrics feel really “cheerful and energetic”, so I did my best to make that as obvious as possible.
【Shizuku】Yes, I see. That explains why I liked your happy footwork so much.
【Minori】Yay... B-But I'm exhausted...
【Airi】Hey, no sitting before getting in a proper cooldown. Just hang in there a little bit longer...
【Minori】Okay...
【KAITO】Once that's done, you'll be rewarded with drinks. We've prepared some cool lemonade for you today.
【Minori】Reward drinks...! I'm ready for our cooldown!
【Airi】Geez, you're so easy.
【MEIKO】Hehe. Since practice is going so well right now, you should be able to smoothly transition into your new song after you master this dance routine.
【KAITO】I agree.
【Len】Oh, you're getting the demo for that pretty soon, right?
【Minori】Yeah! I can't wait to hear what it's like!
【Shizuku】Me neither. Based on the melody we heard before, I have a feeling it's going to be a wonderful song.
【Haruka】The way she worded the lyrics was nice too. In that sense, it really felt like it was written just for us.
【Airi】Yeah. That was just part of it too. Imagine what the complete package is gonna be like!
【Minori】I know, right?! I'm so glad we asked her to do this for us.
【Minori】She probably had to work up a lot of courage to contact us, so I'm super grateful that she sent us that email!
【Haruka】Yeah, me too.
【Len】That's really nice. I'm looking forward to hearing it.
【Minori】Still, this is so amazing.
【Airi】What's amazing?
【Minori】How our thoughts and feelings have become a part of our outfits and songs!
【Minori】We have all these feelings, but you can't really see them or easily describe them to others, right?
【Minori】But our outfits and songs send everyone a clear message because they've been inspired by our feelings! Isn't that incredible?!
【Haruka】You have a point. Seeing the outfits Shizuku designed for the first time was pretty amazing.
【Shizuku】Oh, really?
【Airi】Yeah, she's right! Having a design on paper was great, but seeing our outfits in real life was something else!
【Airi】It really felt like they could cast this wonderful spell on us.
【Minori】Yeah! Shizuku, it's your feelings and the feelings of those who made them in physical form!
【Minori】The song and dance routine we were just practicing feels the same way.
【Minori】The song's lyrics are meant to cheer people up, so it's just as important to make sure it's choreographed in a way that encourages everyone too!
【MEIKO】Hehe. Especially since you've been putting so much effort into improving your footwork, Minori!
【Minori】Yeah. I'm still not there yet, but I'm doing my best to exaggerate each step and make myself visible.
【KAITO】Hehe. That's no different from the idols you're all trying to be, right, Minori?
【Minori】Huh? No different?
【KAITO】Yes. Aren't you all striving to be idols who “give them hope for a better tomorrow”?
【KAITO】The thought that your outfits and songs have been imbued with your feelings is indeed beautiful, but you're just as incredible as individuals.
【Minori】Y-You really think so...?!
【Len】Yeah, I'm with him!
【Len】I mean, your fans had smiles on their faces after seeing all of you perform in person, right?
【Minori】Yeah...!
【Minori】That means we were able to cast a spell on them too!
【Minori】A spell that gives them hope for a better tomorrow!
【KAITO】A spell of hope... That does sound wonderful.
【MEIKO】That means you girls, as spellcasters of hope, are going to be singing a song written by someone who feels the same way.
【Minori】Y-You're right! Doesn't that make us super strong?!
【Minori】Whoa! Now I really can't wait to hear that demo!
【Minori】Okay! I'm gonna keep practicing my singing and dancing to make sure I get my feelings across!
【MEIKO】That's the spirit, Minori! You can do it♪
【Airi】Oh, you... Even though practice left you totally exhausted a second ago...
【Haruka & Shizuku】Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
