【Kamishiro Rui — A Director's Meticulous Magic〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: A Director's Meticulous Magic（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Yesteryear Read-Aloud
scenarioId: 016043_rui01

[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] Community Center
【Rui】Okay, I'll start explaining how to use these devices.
【Rui】I was hoping to be there for the actual event, but I unfortunately have a scheduling conflict.
【Honami】No, that's okay. We really appreciate you providing us with the necessary devices on top of coming up with the effects.
【Nene】Yeah, thanks for doing all this on such short notice.
【Rui】This was actually quite fun since it's a rare opportunity to come up with effects for a reading event.
【Rui】Anyway, about these devices... They're designed to be controlled using this remote.
【Rui】You do have a long list of effects lined up for this event, but that shouldn't be a problem since everything can be done from here.
【Honami】From this remote? That's incredible...
【Rui】Hehe. Everything should go rather smoothly as long as the devices are all positioned correctly.
【Honami】I see...
【Rui】Is something bothering you?
【Honami】No, it's just... I'm wondering if I'll be able to control everything while reading at the same time.
【Rui】Not to worry. I have that covered. I'll explain while we test everything out.
【Honami】Oh... Thank you very much.
【Rui】Alright, why don't we start with the snowmaker?
【Honami】We'll be using that when the dog reaches the first stop along his journey. The land of snow.
【Rui】Yes, I'm thinking that you should let it start snowing right at the beginning of this scene.
【Rui】This page in the book. After you say, “The first stop along his journey was a chilly land of snow and ice.” How does that sound?
【Rui】I think you'll want to set the stage early for an adventure through a winter wonderland.
【Nene】I could be the one to activate it since Mochizuki will be reading that line.
【Rui】Yes, I was also thinking that it'd be best to divide up the work. So, I've come up with a timeline of who is going to be doing what.
【Honami】Oh...! This will make things so much easier...!
【Rui】Hehe. I'm glad to hear that.
【Rui】So, why don't we try testing it now? Would you mind pressing the button for me, Mochizuki?
【Honami】Wait, you want me to do it?
【Rui】Yes, since the best way to learn how it works is to actually try using it for yourself.
【Honami】O-Okay. Umm... The button for the snow is... Oh, here it is!
[Sound] se00445_b
【Honami】Oh...
【Honami】That's incredible. It's really snowing...!
【Nene】Yeah, it's really pretty.
【Rui】Yes, but...
【Nene】Is something wrong?
【Rui】Well, this may actually be too much snow.
【Honami】Too much? I think it's wonderful and leaves a nice impression...
【Rui】Yes, that impression may be too strong. Your listeners will likely start focusing on the snow instead of the story.
【Rui】You're going to be reading to first and second graders, yes? This is just the sort of thing which they'll find a little too captivating.
【Nene】Right. Some kids are really energetic and might even try to touch the snow.
【Rui】Precisely. Thus, it may be wise to reduce the amount of snow that's produced.
【Rui】It needs to feel more ephemeral. To the point that it disappears before hitting the floor.
【Rui】I hate to make you wait like this, but I promise to finish my adjustments in time for the event.
【Honami】Oh, it's no trouble...
【Honami】I didn't realize that you'd go this far... I'm surprised since I know next to nothing about directing performances.
【Rui】Hehe. These sorts of effects are meant to help make the lead shine.
【Rui】You can't do too much or too little. If you don't strike the right balance, you end up hurting instead of helping them.
【Rui】Which is why it's a director's job to obsess over these sorts of things. It's also why directing is so fun.
【Rui】I plan on doing everything I can to ensure the elementary schoolers who attend the event have a fantastic time.
【Honami】Thank you very much...! I promise to return the favor sometime after the event.
【Rui】You don't need to do anything in return as long as you use these effects to put on a wonderful event.
【Rui】Helping put on an incredible show is the best reward any director could ask for, after all.
【Nene】*Nod* And we plan on making it a good event.
【Honami】R-Right. We promise to do our very best.
【Rui】Then, I'll need to do a good job as well. Would you mind meeting for another test run after I've finished making my adjustments?
[Sound] bgm00000
