【Hoshino Ichika — Happy Birthday! 2026〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hoshino Ichika
Card: Happy Birthday! 2026（BD）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 001045_ichika01

[Background Change] bg_f000102
[Caption] Ichika's birthday
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Saki】Thank you all very, very much for gathering here today, everyone!
【Saki】And nowー I'd like to begin the earliest celebration of Ichi's birthday in the whole, wide world! Clap clap clap♪
【Ichika】I feel a little bad, having you all gather late at night like this.
【Shiho】We're all staying over here tonight anyway, so what's the problem?
【Saki】Anyway, Miku, you have the honors! Take it away for us♪
【Miku】Okay. Are we all ready?
【Miku】Then... Ichika, let's have as much fun as we can tonight until you start getting sleepy. Happy birthday!
【Everyone】Happy birthday!
【Ichika】Thanks, you guys.
【Rin】Oh, Sakki! You already have the first activity picked out for us, don't you?
【Saki】I do! Our first activity is gonna be an interview with Ichika, who just took a step closer to becoming a grown-up!
【MEIKO】I'll be interviewing you. I have so many questions that I'd like to ask you today.
【MEIKO】First, what are your resolutions for this upcoming year? How would you like to spend it?
【Ichika】M-My resolutions? Umm... Well...
【Ichika】Now that we've gone pro, lots of people have begun listening to our songs.
【Ichika】I'm really happy that we've been able to reach so many people through our music...
【Ichika】But it hasn't been all fun and games. We've also seen how we still have a lot of work left ahead of us.
【Ichika】So, I'd like to become a better guitarist, songwriter, performer, everything.
【Ichika】To make sure that we go above and beyond our listeners' expectations.
【MEIKO】Yes, I like that... And I'm sure you'll all blow away any expectations that are thrown at you!
【Rin】That was so cool, Ichi! You looked all sparkly somehow!
【Ichika】R-Really...?
【KAITO】I also found your response compelling.
【Ichika】Hehe. I'm glad to hear that.
【MEIKO】Alright, here's my next question...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000102
【MEIKO】Thank you for answering so many questions for us, Ichika.
[Sound] bgm00171
【Ichika】No, if anything, I should thank you. You threw in a few curveballs, which made things really fun.
【Saki】Like when she asked, “If Miku told you that you could have only the yakisoba or the bun in a yakisoba bun, then which would you choose?”
【Miku】And you gave such a great answer, Ichika. I never thought I'd ever hear you say—
【Ichika】Y-You don't have to repeat it!
[Sound] se00046_b
【Luka】Hehe. That ended up being a very exciting interview.
【Shiho】During all that, we finished prepping this.
【Ichika】Huh? Prepping what...? Wow!
【Ichika】Is this a giant yakisoba bun...?!
【Honami】Yes, we baked a cake which looks like a yakisoba bun.
【Honami】I had the idea of using the vermicelli for Mont Blanc cakes for the yakisoba. The color came out really well too.
【Ichika】This is incredible...! The way the sauce glistens looks so real!
【Ichika】And the red ginger's... Oh, are these julienned strawberries? You're amazing, Honami!
【Shiho】She's so excited...
【Honami】*Nod* I was actually a little worried since there was no actual yakisoba or bread involved, so thank goodness...
【Honami】Oh, I made sure to make it as low-sugar as possible since I knew we'd be having this very late at night. So, there's no need to worry about that.
【Saki】Hona's got all the bases covered! Anyway, let's start digging in♪
【Ichika】Okay! Let's eat!
【Ichika】This is so good! The flavor is so gentle and soothing, somehow.
【Miku】Yes, it is. And it's not too sweet, either. I could go for another slice or two.
【Saki】Alright, while we have this cake, let's start giving her our presents♪
【Saki】I got you a Miku plushie! I thought it was perfect for you, since she looks like she's having so much fun while singing. And just like that, next up...
【Shiho】I got you the sleeping version of that same Miku, because I thought she looked really cute.
【Ichika】Wow, they're both adorable...!
【Saki】Hehe♪ We actually went out and got these with Emu, so there's one more on the way!
【Shiho】But you'll have to wait to see what Otori got you.
【Ichika】Thanks! I can't wait...
【Honami】I got you a Phenny charm.
【Ichika】Wow, Phenny's playing the guitar...!
【Honami】I had a feeling that you'd like it, Ichika. There's also something special about that charm...
【Honami】We recommend attaching it to a certain pouch. Right, Miku?
【Miku】Hehe. Thank you for that pass, Honami. So, here are the mini pouches that we made for you.
【Ichika】Wait, you made these?
【Miku】We made them together after Honami taught us how. She even brought us to a fabric store so we could pick out fabrics and stuff.
【Miku】And here's a little something extra... It's a lucky charm. I hope you'll accept it.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Ichika】A lucky charm?
【Len】We were originally planning on just making pouches, but Miku decided to use the remaining fabric to make a lucky charm.
[Sound] bgm00239
【Luka】We each did one stitch in turn, putting in our hopes that you'll keep on succeeding.
【Ichika】Really...?! These pouches and this charm are so wonderful... I don't know what to say.
【Ichika】Also, I just noticed how there are little shooting stars embroidered on these. They looked blank at first glance.
【Rin】Oh, you noticed! We worked really hard on those☆
【Ichika】Thanks...! I promise to treasure these, you guys.
【Miku】We're glad you like them so much.
【Saki】Alright, that's it for birthday presents! But the night is still young♪
【Rin】So, let's start the second half! Are you all ready?!
【Everyone】Y-Yeah! Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
