【MEIKO — Warm Gaze〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: Warm Gaze（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Singing in Sync
scenarioId: 025005_meiko02

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
[Sound] se00006
【MEIKO】Miku! Come on in.
【Miku】Hi. Am I your only customer?
【MEIKO】For now, but I think Kohane and her friends are coming soon.
【MEIKO】They've been practicing quite a bit for their next event, recently. They really want to give it everything they have.
【MEIKO】I got a little worried too when Kohane looked so glum the other day...
【MEIKO】But it seems like Kohane and An got things sorted out.
【Miku】Yeah.
【MEIKO】Wait, you already know about this?
【Miku】Kind of... I knew she came here for advice.
【Miku】I guessed from her expression that something was on her mind.
【MEIKO】Oh, then you could have talked to her.
【Miku】No, you two were already in the middle of a discussion and I didn't want to interrupt.
【Miku】Besides, Kohane managed to find her own way to deal with her problems before.
【Miku】Plus, An's a determined and resourceful girl. I was sure she'd be fine without me too.
【Miku】And they had you to lean on if they really needed anything.
【MEIKO】Hehe. It turned out just as you expected then.
【MEIKO】I listened to their troubles, but I didn't tell them exactly what to do.
【MEIKO】They solved their problem by facing it together without my help.
【Miku】That's great!
【Miku】But I was surprised that Kohane and An would sort of fall out like that.
【MEIKO】They do get along very well, but don't forget that they haven't known each other for very long.
【MEIKO】They're still in the process of finding out what each other's like and learning to understand one another.
【MEIKO】I think that this little stumble was a necessary step on their way to becoming closer friends.
【Miku】You're right. They struck me as such an amazing team, so I assumed that they'd always be in tune...
【Miku】But they may still run into some rough patches...
【MEIKO】Yes, and they may end up hurting each other's feelings...
【MEIKO】Even when you're friends with someone, you may sometimes offend them without meaning to or be disappointed by something they did...
【Miku】But you don't seem particularly worried?
【MEIKO】I'm not. Those are just some possibilities. I enjoy sitting back and watching how the future unfolds.
【Miku】I see.
【MEIKO】Besides, they've discovered the joy of singing together as Vivid BAD SQUAD.
【MEIKO】Whatever happens, I don't think they'll be willing to give that up.
【MEIKO】Another reason they won't let minor hiccups like that get in their way is that they have this goal of surpassing the legendary RAD WEEKEND.
【Miku】Yes. They've already discovered their true feelings too.
【Miku】Their SEKAI song will keep reminding them of their shared vision.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I'm excited to see just how much they manage to achieve.
【Miku】I believe that they will fulfill their dream. I want to see them do it.
【MEIKO】I do too.
[Sound] se00025
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】Oh, and they've just arrived in SEKAI.
[Sound] bgm00035
【Miku】I'll go out and say hi.
【MEIKO】Okay. Have fun.
【MEIKO】I'll brew up some special tea and coffee for when they get here.
[Sound] bgm00000
