【Aoyagi Toya — After-School Assistance〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: After-School Assistance（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Here on Our Dream Stage
scenarioId: 012038_touya01

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
[Sound] se00006_b
【Toya】Hello.
【MEIKO】Welcome, Toya, Akito.
【KAITO】Hello, everyone! We didn't realize that you'd all be coming!
【An】Were you guys also practicing just now?
【Akito】Yeah. Does that mean you two also were?
【Kohane】Yeah, we just finished and decided to swing by for a break.
【Len】Hey, Akito, Toya, you guys are helping with that Shibu Schools Fest thing too, right?
【Toya】Wait, why do you know about that?
【An】I was just telling them about how I'm gonna be in the musical.
【Toya】I see.
【Rin】So, what are you two doing? Are you guys gonna also be in it?
【Akito】Sorry to disappoint, but I'm just helping move the equipment and stuff.
【Luka】Wait, really? But you're so good at singing...
【Akito】Not that kind of singing.
【Miku】So only you and An are gonna be performing on stage, Toya?
【Toya】No, I won't be going on stage either. I was asked to help write songs for it.
【Miku】Oh, that seems like the perfect job for you.
【Kohane】Yeah! It's bound to be good with Aoyagi's songs in it!
【Toya】I certainly hope so, but this is my first time working on a musical.
[Sound] se_walk_women_004_1
【MEIKO】I'm sure you'll do just fine, Toya. Anyway, here are your usuals.
[Sound] se00059_b
【Toya & Akito】Thank you.
【KAITO】While we're on the subject, An just mentioned how her school isn't the only one that will be participating in this festival. Does that mean Kohane's school will be as well?
【Toya】Yes, that's our understanding.
【Akito】Come to think of it, are you doing anything for it?
【Kohane】So, I was invited to help, but I haven't made my decision yet...
【Kohane】I've been asked to help take photos for the official pamphlet, which I am really interested in doing.
【An】Hey, that's great! After all, you are a great photographer!
【Kohane】Hehe. Thanks.
【Kohane】But based on what I was told, I won't be doing much other than taking a few photos.
【Kohane】Which is why I'm wondering if there's anything else I can do to help...
【Toya】In that case, would you be willing to listen to the songs I write? I'd like to hear your opinion.
【Kohane】Really? That sounds like fun!
【Kohane】Oh, but are you sure I'm the best choice? I don't know much of anything about musicals...
【Toya】It might not help much to hear, but don't worry. I'm a complete beginner myself, so it's perfect.
【Toya】However, what matters most is that Kusanagi is leading the production of this musical.
【Kohane】Huh?
【Rin】The girl who was in your class last year?
【Len】What's she got to do with this?
【Toya】This is my logic based on the information I have at hand.
【Toya】First, Azusawa, you've seen Kusanagi and Wonderlands×Showtime perform quite a number of shows.
【Miku】Oh... I knew I'd heard her name before somewhere. She's that girl.
【MEIKO】Her name came up quite a lot when your class was making that film, Akito.
【Akito】But this isn't just any kind of show. It's a musical. Sure, there's a lot of overlap, but...
【Toya】The answer is a “quiet and peaceful forest”.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Akito】Huh?
【An】Wait, where have I heard that before...?
【Kohane】Oh, when we went camping in order to achieve a shared vision...!
【Toya】Yes, that's right.
【Toya】A shared vision, as well as a shared vocabulary...
【Toya】In other words, you may not have much knowledge of musicals, Azusawa, but through her shows, you may be able to understand Kusanagi's vision.
[Sound] bgm00171
【Everyone】Whoa!
【Kohane】Huh?! Uhh...
【Kohane】B-But all I've done is go and watch a lot of her troupe's shows...
【Toya】Again, this is just my train of thought. I may in fact be completely wrong.
【Toya】My goal is to make this musical as good as it can be by writing songs that fit seamlessly into Kusanagi's vision...
【Toya】Which is why I'd like you to help me, Azusawa.
【Toya】The rest of you as well.
【Akito】Hm? Us?
【Luka】Okay! You want us to listen as members of the audience, yes?
【Toya】Yes, that's right.
【An】Wait, Toya, I'm not about to let you hog all of them! You guys are gonna help me practice and listen to me sing too, right?
【Miku】Of course. I'm actually really looking forward to that.
【MEIKO】Me too. Feel free to practice here, even.
【An】Awesome! But well, Toya has to actually write the song first!
【Toya】Right.
【Toya】I promise that it won't disappoint.
【Toya】And I'll need your help to make that happen.
【Everyone】Sure. Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
