【Otori Emu — 1920s Girl♪〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: 1920s Girl♪（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Star of Your Own Story
scenarioId: 014031_emu02

[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
[Sound] se00173_b
【Emu】The Showa Commemorative Museum's gonna be so much fun☆
【Rui】Hehe. I'm excited as well.
【Rui】Especially since the museum can teach us all about the culture and events of the Showa period, which means this is the perfect way to prepare for our roles.
【Nene】Yeah, since they have all sorts of different items on display, like tools that were actually used back then.
【Nene】Also, thank goodness this museum's so close. Books and the internet help a little, but seeing those kinds of things for real should make things a lot easier for us.
【Tsukasa】Agreed! We should try to experience as much as we can! From feeling how heavy those old telephone receivers are to appreciating the atmosphere of a room!
【Rui】I looked up what they have and discovered that the exhibits are divided along different decades.
【Rui】So, we should focus on seeing as many exhibits as we can from the setting of the play.
【Emu】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b002701
[Sound] bgm00244
[Caption] Showa Commemorative Museum
【Emu】Whoa...
【Nene】This is so cool... It's like we've gone back in time.
【Rui】They appear to have turned a building from back then into a museum.
【Rui】Apparently, it was originally an inn... Now, each of the rooms contains a different exhibit.
【Emu】Oh, look! You can experience what daily life was like back in the Showa period in this room!
【Tsukasa】Ooh! So everyone from “The Pomegranate” must've lived in rooms like these...!
【Nene】We can apparently even use all the old appliances. Wanna head in?
【Emu】Yeah! Pardon us!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Emu】Ready when you are, Tsukasa☆
[Sound] bgm00190
【Tsukasa】Alright! And action!
【Tsukasa】“No good! I won't make the deadline at this rate! But my livelihood depends on it...”
【Tsukasa】“No, all this anxiety is just going to prevent me from coming up with good ideas. I should try to relax by having some tea...”
【Tsukasa】“Excuse me. Would you mind bringing some tea?”
【Emu】“Right away, Sir!”
【Nene】What are they doing?
【Rui】I believe they're improvising a conversation between a novelist feeling the pressure of a deadline and his housekeeper.
【Nene】Oh geez... Cut it out, don't you realize that other people are also here...?
【Emu】Wow! This room's full of old toys!
【Rui】What a marvelous sight...! Toys covering every inch of space!
【Nene】Yeah. What are these ones...? Oh, they're all tin robots.
【Tsukasa】Hmm... So many. And they all have the same, bland look on their faces.
【Emu】Bland? I think they're all really cute.
【Rui】Tsukasa, look! If you wind this one up...
[Sound] se00657
[Sound] se00656
【Tsukasa】Whoa! It can walk?!
【Nene】Hmm... More like waddle.
【Rui】Hehe. I find tin toys fascinating because of how they can move in a variety of ways despite their simple designs.
【Emu】Hehe. You look like you're having a lot of fun, Rui!
【Nene】Find something interesting, Emu?
【Emu】So... I just noticed all these funny-looking signs.
【Tsukasa】Funny-looking?
【Emu】Yeah. I can read each letter, but I don't get what they mean.
【Emu】Like that one! Uhh...
【Emu】“Maerc Eci”? Is that what it says?
【Rui】Oh, I believe that one's for ice cream. Back then, they sometimes used to write Japanese to be read from right to left.
【Emu】Wait, really?!
【Tsukasa】Th-This also news to me. I was wondering what all these strange words meant...
【Emu】Hehe. We're learning so many new things! This is so much fun☆ Oh, let's try going over there next!
[Sound] se00349_b
【Nene】Huh? Emu, wait...!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Emu】*Stretch* That was a lot of fun! We got to see so much☆
[Sound] bgm00171
【Rui】It was nice how each exhibit was set up with an interactive element so that visitors get an immersive experience.
【Emu】Yeah, it was! I loved trying on all those Showa outfits♪ And they had sooo many, so choosing which ones to wear was also super fun!
【Nene】That hat and one-piece dress looked really good on you. I'll send you that picture a little later.
【Emu】Really?! Thanks, Nene!
【Rui】And that outfit I picked out for you, Tsukasa. Wasn't it spectacular?
【Tsukasa】Spectacular? Hardly...
【Rui】Oh, was it not to your liking?
【Tsukasa】You made me dress up as a greengrocer! What does that have to do with the character I'll be playing?!
【Nene】Yeah, but it suited you really well. You looked like the real thing when we took that picture of you at the vegetable stand exhibit...
【Emu】She's right! You looked really good with a headband on♪
【Tsukasa】Again, I'm supposed to be playing a magazine editor!!!
【Nene】Hey, keep your voice down. This is so embarrassing... Everyone's looking at us now.
【Tsukasa】Grr... Why am I the one being chastised...?! If anything, that should be Rui...
【Tsukasa】So, the next time we come here, I'm going to pick out a ridiculous outfit for you to wear! Call it payback!
【Rui】Hehe. I'll be looking forward to that.
【Emu】But I agree with Tsukasa. We should totally come here again sometime since we didn't have time to see everything!
【Nene】Yeah, I'd also like to come back. We really only went around to the exhibits from the years that our show's set in.
【Rui】They apparently have two more halls... It'll be exciting to see how they differ from what we saw today.
【Tsukasa】Indeed! So, to make sure that we come back here smiling, we'll need to give this show everything we have!
【Emu】Yay! We get to come back♪
【Emu】Hehe♪ Let's do our absolute best during our next practice!
[Sound] bgm00000
