【Tenma Tsukasa — A Rush Of Excitement〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: A Rush Of Excitement（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: A Sad Farewell at the Curtain Call
scenarioId: 013019_tsukasa02

[Background Change] bg_d000202
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Asahi】We've finished putting away all the props.
【Tsukasa】Thank you very much. We're just about done cleaning as well!
[Sound] se00104
【Rui】Tsukasa, Asahi, would you two mind handling the rest?
【Tsukasa】Hm? But we've finished cleaning and putting away everything...
【Asahi】Did something else come up?
【Rui】Unfortunately, we seem to have run out of the flower confetti we were going to use for our show, and need to go buy some more.
【Tsukasa】Is that all? Then, I'll go with you! I'm sure you'll need someone to carry it.
【Asahi】Oh, mind if I tag along as well? I'd like to see where you guys buy your supplies.
【Asahi】There's also something that I'd like to buy.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002402
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] Main Street
[Caption] Stationery Store
【Asahi】Let's see... Aha! Here it is!
【Rui】You're getting... A notepad?
【Asahi】Yes, it's nice to have one that fits in my pocket.
【Asahi】Not only that, the paper stays clean even when I get all sweaty after moving around a lot. It's very useful.
【Tsukasa】I can see why. I too carry around a notepad sometimes during practice...
【Tsukasa】But it usually ends up a crumpled mess afterwards...
【Asahi】You too, Tsukasa?! Then, I really recommend that you get this!
【Asahi】Oh, but you should take it out when doing a performance that involves being submerged in water. I remember ruining one that I'd just bought after forgetting I had it in my pocket.
【Tsukasa】Submerged in water? I'm interested in what this show of yours was about...
【Tsukasa】Anyway, I'll try using this notepad!
【Asahi】Awesome! It'll be great to see someone else using it!
【Rui】By the way, I saw you using your notepad a few times during practice today. Can I ask what you like to write in it?
【Tsukasa】Yes, I'd like to know as well!
【Asahi】During practice, I usually just write acting notes in it.
【Asahi】But for shows like this where I work with new people, I like to also jot down some things about them.
【Asahi】I mean, if you want to put on a good show, you need to know what your fellow actors' personalities and acting styles are like!
【Tsukasa】Yes, I agree!
【Rui】But you said, “During practice”... Do you use it outside of practice as well?
【Asahi】Yes, I try to write down anything that catches my attention or piques my interest while living life each day.
【Tsukasa】While living life each day...
【Asahi】Yes. Acting involves deliberately speaking and behaving in specific ways based on the roles we're assigned to play, right?
【Asahi】But normal people don't act. They do certain things subconsciously.
【Asahi】Tucking their hair behind their ear, touching their arms, moving their eyes up and down...
【Asahi】Those simple acts become the basis of people's personalities.
【Asahi】That's why I've made it a habit to try and see all the little things that they do.
【Asahi】But I have to be careful not to stare too much since doing that probably makes me look pretty weird!
【Tsukasa】I see...
【Tsukasa】(Even outside of practices, Asahi does whatever he can to improve his acting skills...)
【Tsukasa】(Which explains why he's able to put on such incredibly realistic performances.)
【Rui】We always seem to learn so much from these conversations.
【Tsukasa】Indeed! A new discovery each time!
【Tsukasa】I also take notes to make sure I don't forget about what I learn during practices, but I've been writing considerably more after we started practicing with you and the cast members of ArcLand, Asahi.
【Asahi】It's nice to hear that we've been helping.
【Tsukasa】You have! Still, I feel like we've been doing all the taking... If only we could give back somehow...
【Asahi】But you already have.
【Asahi】A lead with a wonderful aura and incredible acting range. An actor with a vivid imagination and the ability to easily perform all these acrobatic stunts...
【Asahi】A songstress with peerless singing skills and the ability to handle delicate stories and characters with ease. And of course, a director who can conjure up unexpected stunts and effects for any genre!
【Asahi】Because you're all so interesting, practicing each day with you has been an absolute pleasure!
【Asahi】Hm? You don't seem to believe me. But you can tell I'm right based on how my fellow cast members have been behaving. They all look like they've been having a lot of fun, right?
【Rui】Yes, they have.
【Asahi】How we're doing it doesn't matter. The fact is that we've been influencing each other in a positive manner over this past month.
【Asahi】So, I'm looking forward to performing with all of you again tomorrow.
【Tsukasa】...!
【Tsukasa】Yes, the feeling is mutual!
【Asahi】Oh, I'm sorry. I almost forgot that we're here to buy confetti. I didn't mean to let my own shopping get in the way.
【Tsukasa】Not a problem! The store just happens to be right over there.
【Rui】Then, shall we?
[Sound] bgm00000
