【KAITO — Strumming Supporter〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: KAITO
Card: Strumming Supporter（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Echo My Melody
scenarioId: 026021_kaito02

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Rin】Humhumhumhuum♪
【KAITO】You're watching the girls' music video again, Rin...?
【Rin】Well, it's just that good. I can't get tired of it!
【MEIKO】Haha! That's right. You borrowed Saki's tablet just for this, no?
【Len】Wait, doesn't that mean you're the biggest contributor to their view count?
【Rin】I sorta doubt that. But I might try watching it a million times!
【KAITO】That seems...excessive...
【Luka】Hehe. However, a high view count may lead to other people finding this video.
【Miku】Also, I have a feeling that the girls will be doing what they can to reach as many people as possible. You don't have to do all the work, Rin.
【KAITO】Speaking of which, I think they mentioned something about advertising the fact that they started their own channel...
【Len】Yeah, that makes sense.
【MEIKO】Now that they have their channel all set up, this is where the real fun starts.
【KAITO】Right. They'll need to start posting videos on a regular basis.
【Rin】Yeah, that's right! They're gonna keep making more videos! I can't wait to see them♪
【MEIKO】At the same time... Wouldn't it be fun for us to make one?
【KAITO】Our own music video...?
【MEIKO】Yes! I believe we all have our little daydreams.
【Len】Daydreams, huh...?
【Miku】I take it that you have an idea, Len?
【Len】Me? I don't know if this counts...
【Len】But I've always thought that doing a performance in the rain and playing like it's not bothering you is really cool.
【Rin】Yeah, that is really cool!
【KAITO】But our instruments would get all wet...
【Len】Yeah, that's the problem...
【Len】How about you guys? Does anything like that come to mind?
【Miku】Hmm... Well...
【Miku】I like the idea of playing under the night sky since the stars look so beautiful from the rooftop.
【Miku】Oh, it might even be fun to use a backlight to make only our silhouettes appear.
【MEIKO】That's a great idea! Not being able to see our faces would add a nice element of mystery!
【Rin】Hmm... If Len and Miku-P want to go with cool and stylish...
【Rin】Then, I'll go with something fun and happy!
【Rin】I wanna do a video that involves jumping and bouncing with lots and lots of cameras moving around as they record!
【Luka】Hehe. I'm sure it'd be a very cute video. Just like you, Rin.
【KAITO】I agree. Rin seems like the right person to ask when it comes to making fun videos...
【Rin】Heehee!
【Luka】Also, what KAITO just said made me realize something...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Luka】In order to make your ideas come alive, won't they require very different songs?
【Miku & Len】Oh...
【MEIKO】Or... What if we tried bundling them up into one idea?
【MEIKO】It can be raining with the stars out while we jump and bounce around...
[Sound] bgm00015
【KAITO】Won't it be too cloudy to see the stars if it's raining?
【Miku】Right...
【Rin】Making this fun while keeping all our ideas intact sounds way too hard!
【Len】I'm sure it's possible... But I have a feeling that it's gonna look really surreal.
【MEIKO】What about using a backlight? We could still jump around in the rain like we're having fun!
【Len】Hey, that might actually work!
【KAITO】Yes, it might... However...
【Rin】However?
【KAITO】It could end up looking like us performing a rain dance that somehow succeeded, no...?
【KAITO】Hm? Um...
【MEIKO】Why'd you have to go and say that, KAITO?! Now we can't get it out of our heads!
【KAITO】Wait, this is my fault?
【Len】I guess it just isn't possible to make all three of our ideas happen at once.
【Miku】Unfortunately. Especially considering how music videos revolve around specific songs.
【Rin】Actually, doing a rain dance could be kinda fun.
【KAITO】It... It could...?
【Everyone】Haha! Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
