【Hinomori Shiho — Can't Beat That Stare〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hinomori Shiho
Card: Can't Beat That Stare（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Our Precious Memories
scenarioId: 004028_shiho02

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Shiho】Okay. This should do it for the certificate's design.
【Luka】Yes. Once Ichika and the others get back from their shopping run, we can start drawing it up.
【Miku】I hope Saki likes it.
【Honami】Me too! Thank you all for helping us with this.
【Miku】It's no big deal. We're also happy about Saki finishing her list of things she wanted to do, so we want to be part of the celebration.
[Sound] se00046_b
【Rin】We're baaack♪ We got all that stuff you asked us to buy!
【Len】Ichika's the one who actually got it all, though.
【MEIKO】Welcome back, everyone! Do we have everything we need?
【Ichika】I think so. Can you double check, Shiho?
【Shiho】Sure. Scissors, pens, some origami paper... Yeah, we're good. We can get this thing made anytime now.
[Sound] se00316_b
【Rin】Woohoo! Let's make it now☆
【Len】Is the design all finished?
【Miku】Yeah. What we've got drawn here is how it should look when it's finished.
【Ichika】I see... The border is made up of stars. It looks great!
【Rin】Yeah, totally☆ It's like a starry sky, and so cute!
【Honami】I'm glad to hear that...! To make the real one, we'd like everyone to fold little origami stars and stick them to the “X” markers here.
【Ichika】Oh, you even added markers for us. There are also a bunch of lines drawn both vertically and horizontally...
【Luka】Those lines are a guide for when we're writing the text.
【Honami】Hehe. Shiho measured them all out so carefully before drawing them.
【Shiho】I mean... It'd be pretty lame if the lettering was crooked.
【Rin】Oh... Wait, the front looks like it's gonna turn out super cute, but aren't you going to put anything on the back?
【Shiho】Good point... As it stands, this'll probably feel a bit unbalanced.
【Len】Then how about drawing some pictures? Things that Saki likes and stuff.
【MEIKO】If we're doing that, we should draw some of the memories we have of us hanging out and such.
【Rin】Okay, then let's each draw one picture! I'm gonna draw a synth♪
【Rin】How about you, KAITO?
【KAITO】Huh? I...
【KAITO】I guess I'll draw a tennis racket and ball.
【Ichika】Good idea. Saki seemed to enjoy her club activities this year too, so I'm sure that'll make her happy!
【Shiho】So, we can take turns drawing pictures on the back... And whoever isn't drawing can work on the origami stars?
【Honami】Sounds good!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rin】The starry border is done☆
[Sound] bgm00180
【MEIKO】The back is looking pretty fun as well.
【Luka】Oh? What's this scraggly white thing in the corner...?
【Honami】Oh... That's the ghost I drew. I remembered going into the haunted house with her during our visit to PXL...
【Len】That must be a pretty legit haunted house. This ghost's got blood dripping from its head.
【Honami】Huh? Oh, th-that's not blood, it's, umm...
【Honami】I thought a cute ghost would make Saki happier, so I tried giving it a ribbon.
【KAITO】Oh... If you look close, the ghost is smiling.
【Miku】Hehe, I'm kinda starting to find it cute now.
【Ichika】These Phennys next to it are cute too. They're all different colors like the plushies we have, and they're all lined up next to each other.
【Honami】Oh, Shiho drew those. She kept redoing them over and over while comparing them to the plushies here...
【Shiho】Okay, now we just need to write our celebratory message, and it'll be finished.
【Luka】Hehe. Have you already decided on the text?
【Shiho】Not yet. I want us all to give our ideas and decide together...
[Sound] se00004_b
【Honami】Huh? It's a message from Saki.
[Sound] se00183_b
【Honami】Oh... She said she's working on her album right now.
【Ichika】She sure is. She said “Look at these pictures I found!” and now there's a bunch of photos coming in.
[Sound] se00004_b
[Sound] se00004_b
【MEIKO】Haha, the notifications sure aren't stopping.
【Len】Guess she's having fun working on her album.
【Rin】Hey, what kinds of pictures is she sending?
【Shiho】Well... Oh, there are some from the time we had a flower viewing here in SEKAI. Here, there's a picture of when we were all drawing cherry blossoms on the blackboard.
[Sound] se00183_b
【Rin】You're right! I'm there too!
【Len】This is when you and Saki were competing to see who could draw more.
【Honami】That was so fun. After we finished drawing, we ate dango and cherry blossom rice cakes together...
【Shiho】It was. These are the kinds of memories I want to keep making.
【Miku】Then, why don't you write about that feeling in the certificate?
【Shiho】Oh...
【Shiho】That sounds good. Even when she's finished with her list, we're still going to keep doing stuff together.
【Ichika】Yeah...! I agree.
【Honami】Then for the certificate, let's write something like, “Congratulations on completing your list. Let's continue to make more memories together.”
【Ichika】Sounds good. For the specific wording...
【Shiho】(Just a little bit longer until it's finished...)
【Shiho】(I'll do my best to make sure our feelings come through to Saki.)
[Sound] bgm00000
