【Tenma Tsukasa — Headed For Stardom!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: Headed For Stardom!（1★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 013001_tsukasa01

[Background Change] bg_a000101
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Courtyard
【Tsukasa】Now, where shall I enjoy my most elegant luncheon? Hm?
【Tsukasa】Ooh, I behold a breezy place illuminated by sunbeams filtered through the foliage. It is as if it's a natural spotlight made to shine on me!
【Tsukasa】Perfect. The perfect place for my most elegant luncheon. I'm impressed by myself for finding this amazing place!
【Tsukasa】Now, a handkerchief to prevent my uniform from getting dirty...
【Tsukasa】Hmph, how very gentlemanly of me.
【Tsukasa】And now it is time to enjoy my elegant luncheon... Hm? What is this little black dot in the air...
【Tsukasa】I can't really see because it's too small—GAAAAAAH!!!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】S-S-S-Spider?!
[Sound] bgm00003
【Tsukasa】Stay away! Stay away from me! I found this place first! There are so many other trees here you can climb on! Get away from me!
【Tsukasa】Ugh! It's suspended in midair completely motionless... No wait, if it moves, it may fall on my handkerchief just underneath!
【Tsukasa】D-Drats... What should I do?!
【Akito】Oh, that place under the tree looks like a nice place for a nap. Huh, someone's already there?
【Tsukasa】Wait, wait, wait, wait! Don't come any lower! That's my handkerchief right there!
【Akito】Oh, it's just him. What a nuisance.
【Akito】Well, I have some time. Lemme go wind him up a little.
【Akito】Tsukasa! What are you doing over there? And why're you all hunched up like that?
【Tsukasa】Hunched up?! How can you say that, when I'm so valiantly trying to confront this unscrupulous spider preventing me from enjoying my luncheon?!
【Akito】Spider? You're afraid of spiders?
【Tsukasa】N-Not at all! I'm just trying to prevent this infernal bug from contaminating my precious handkerchief...
【Akito】Handkerchief? Where's the spider, anyway?
【Tsukasa】Right there! Look, it's just over there!
【Akito】I don't see anything.
【Tsukasa】You're not looking hard enough! Look again!
【Akito】Oh, there it is.
【Tsukasa】See? Look at how it's swaying around like it owns the place!
【Akito】It's just a small little dot you can hardly see, there's no need to be so bothered by—
【Tsukasa】Of course I'm bothered! A small spider is still a spider!
【Akito】(Sigh... I was gonna just tease him a little, but it's kinda anticlimactic when he's already shrieking like that.)
【Akito】You just want it to move somewhere else, right? Caught it.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Akito】There, I put it in the bush over there. It's gone now.
[Sound] bgm00018
【Tsukasa】Y-You saved me...
【Akito】Well, I'll be off now.
【Tsukasa】Hey, wait! Allow me to share some of my luncheon with you as a token of appreciation for saving me from that terror.
【Akito】Luncheon? Oh, you talking about your lunchbox?
【Tsukasa】Luncheon, you plebeian! Anyway, go ahead and take any side dish that catches your fancy.
【Akito】Okay, if you insist...
【Akito】Whoa, what's with this unnecessarily fancy-looking lunch? There's melon...and even a small slice of cake...
【Akito】I'll take this cheesecake, then.
【Tsukasa】Ugh, I was going to have that as dessert after the meal... But, it's fine. I did say it was a token of appreciation.
【Akito】Thanks.
【Tsukasa】Wait! You just touched a spider's web. Wipe your hand with this first.
【Akito】A wet wipe? You're surprisingly prim and proper, huh.
【Tsukasa】It's common sense to wash your hands and rinse your mouth before meals!
【Tsukasa】Good, I see you've wiped your hands. You may eat now!
【Akito】Thanks for the cake!
【Tsukasa】Savor it slowly, understand?
【Akito】Yeah, yeah.
【Tsukasa】Just say it once!
【Akito】Nom... 'Kay, see you later then!
【Tsukasa】Do not speak with food in your mouth! Have you no sense of decorum?
【Tsukasa】Now, I can finally enjoy my elegant luncheon in peace!
[Sound] bgm00000
