【Hinomori Shiho — Not Used To Makeup〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hinomori Shiho
Card: Not Used To Makeup（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Here on Our Dream Stage
scenarioId: 004040_shiho01

[Background Change] bg_a001901
[Caption] Rehearsal Studio
【Shiho】Alright, let's get right back into it.
【Shiho】That reminds me. As I mentioned last time, we'll be holding a joint practice with the cast during the second half.
【Band Member】Right!
【Shiho】First, let's start from the top and review everything we've done until now.
【Shiho】Nakanishi, can you count us in?
【Nakanishi】Okay! Ready, everyone?! One, two, three...
【Shiho】(Good, we're all in sync.)
【Shiho】(The people who kept falling behind because they were being overly conscious are keeping up just fine with the others now.)
【Shiho】(I was a little worried that I was being too pushy or demanding again...)
【Shiho】(But they've been willing to put up with me.)
【Shiho】(They've put in a ton of effort, so I want them all to have as much fun as they possibly can.)
【Shiho】(Which is why we need to do our best when we have our joint practice with the cast today.)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Band Member】The cast should be here soon, right?
[Sound] bgm00170
【Band Member】Yeah, my friends in the cast said they're almost here.
[Sound] se00357_b
【Shiho】Oh...
【Nene】Hi, thanks for waiting.
【Airi, Ichika, Emu & An】Pardon us! Pardon us. Pardon us!!
【Nene】Can we have a minute to warm up?
【Shiho】Of course.
【Shiho】Then, we'll begin our joint practice once the cast has had a chance to warm up. In the meantime, everyone in the band, let's take a break.
【Band Member】Right!
[Sound] se00034_b
【Band Member】I'm starting to get nervous again. I know we're not playing in front of an audience or anything, but...
【Band Member】Y-Yeah... What if I mess up and ruin it for everyone?
【Shiho】Are you okay?
【Band Member】Oh, Hinomori... I'm starting to feel nervous again.
【Band Member】B-But it's okay for us to mess up since we're just practicing, right?
【Shiho】That depends on who you ask.
【Shiho】In my case, I tend to believe that you shouldn't make any mistakes in these sorts of situations.
【Band Member】Huh?
【Shiho】When you're up there for the main event, that's when you need to play your best and not make any mistakes.
【Shiho】So, doesn't it make sense to keep that same mindset when you're practicing, and get as close to perfect as you can under conditions close to the real deal?
【Band Member】Good point... Still, it's amazing how you can push yourself to the limit like that.
【Band Member】*Sigh* Is that why I keep messing up during competitions and stuff? Do I need to be harder on myself?
【Shiho】Dunno... Nerves just kind of happen, no matter what.
【Shiho】But it might be good to try a different approach and see if that helps.
【Shiho】I realize I'm contradicting myself, but remember, this is still practice.
【Band Member】Oh...
【???】What she said!
【Band Member】Oh... M-Momoi?!
【Airi】Sorry for interrupting. But I feel like I know exactly what you mean, Shiho.
【Airi】Yeah, it's important to do your best during practice, but there's still time to correct any mistakes you make! If at first you don't succeed, you just gotta try, try again!
【An】More to the point, you've all been practicing really hard with Hinomori, right?
【An】We heard Hinomori really runs people ragged during practices, so with you all managing to keep up, you guys are sure to sound amazing!
【Shiho】You heard that, huh? Who from?
【Emu】Ichika☆
【Shiho】Really now?
【Ichika】B-But I genuinely believe that...
【Ichika】Also, during our own practices, Shiho always looks so proud when she tells us how things are going here.
【Ichika】She's always saying how you're going to sound amazing when you play for real, and that's why she wants to make things as much fun for you as she can.
【Shiho】Hey, wait...!
【Band Member】We didn't know you felt that way, Hinomori...
【Band Member】Wow, I'm starting to feel a lot better now!
【Nene】Umm...
【Nene】We got to hear a part of your performance earlier. We knocked once you'd reached a place to stop.
【Nene】I thought you all sounded amazing already the other day, but you sounded even better today. I got excited just listening to you guys play.
【Airi】Me too! Before we came in, we were talking about how we can't wait to sing with this band!
【An】So, we're all really excited to hear you play!
【Shiho】Hear that? Now we really can't embarrass ourselves.
【Band Member】Yeah, but I'm not worried! I mean, we've practiced a ton together now, Hinomori!
【Band Member】So, let's all do our best!
【Band Member】Yeah!
【Shiho】Then, let's blow the cast away by putting on an amazing performance for them!
【Band Member】Right!
[Sound] bgm00000
