【Megurine Luka — From The Watchtower〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Megurine Luka
Card: From The Watchtower（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Halt! Tenma's on the Case
scenarioId: 024038_luka01

[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Luka】*Yawn*
【Luka】Mhm... I slept so well again today... Huh?
【Rin】Wow! Hiori Jidaigeki Studio Park...! That sounds like so much fun☆
【Miku】Does that mean they'll get to see lots of samurai and ninjas?!
【KAITO】I wish I could do a show there.
【Luka】...? What are you all talking about?
【MEIKO】Oh, Luka, did you just wake up?
【KAITO】Tsukasa and the others were here a second ago. They told us about where they're going to be performing next, but I guess you missed all of that...
【Rin】You gotta hear this. They're gonna do a show at somewhere called Hiori Jidaigeki Studio Park☆
【Luka】Hiori Jidaigeki Studio Park? What is it supposed to be like...?
【KAITO】It's a theme park where you apparently get flung back in time to Tokyo during the Edo period.
【KAITO】The staff all wear period clothes and so can the guests.
【KAITO】You can visit the ninja house, dress up as a samurai and even go horseback riding.
【Luka】This park seems to offer a wide variety of fun activities.
【Miku】Oh, Emu even said that the grilled dango they have there looks really amazing☆
【Luka】Grilled dango? That sounds lovely.
【Luka】I can already smell the soy sauce as it hits the grill...
【Rin】The smell of soy sauce as it...
【Luka】And how hot, fluffy and gooey it's going to be when I put it in my mouth...
【Len】F-Fluffy and gooey...!
【Rin】Nooo! Now I wanna have some...
【KAITO】Haha. I'm also getting hungry.
【Luka】Oh, I'm sorry. Why don't we try a different subject?
【Luka】So, what kind of show are they going to do at this park?
【KAITO】Oh, they're doing a production of a show called “Ginnosuke's on the Case!”
【Luka】“Ginnosuke's on the Case!”...? Hehe. It certainly sounds like a historical drama.
【MEIKO】The story's about the namesake character, Ginnosuke, who is a constable or the equivalent of a police officer. He and his detective friend, Heihachi, work together to catch a dastardly thief!
【MEIKO】Not only that, they'll be performing this in the park's streets!
【Luka】Oh, in the streets? That sounds like fun.
【Rin】But they've never done anything like this before. Do you think they're gonna be okay...?
【Len】Yeah, it sounds really hard...
【Luka】Oh? I think it suits them rather well.
【Len】Huh?
【Luka】I mean, this Jidaigeki Studio Park is a theme park based on the Edo period, yes?
【Luka】A theme park is the perfect place for them to perform♪
【Luka】They're all very good at creating a fun atmosphere, making the most of their surroundings and roping in audience members, no?
【Rin】Yeah, you're right!
【MEIKO】They did that during their shows at Phoenix Wonderland.
【KAITO】Right...
【KAITO】When you put it that way, I guess this type of performance does suit them rather well...
【MEIKO】Still, Luka, I wasn't expecting to hear that from you! I have a new level of respect for you now!
【Miku】Me too♪ What you just said was really cool☆
【KAITO】Wait, huh..?
【Luka】Zzz... Zzz...
【KAITO】She fell back asleep?!
【Len】She did! When did that happen...?
【MEIKO】*Sigh* She's so quick to fall asleep.
【Rin】But she still pays attention to the most important stuff.
【KAITO】*Nod* It's really impressive.
[Sound] bgm00000
