【Otori Emu — Eyes On Other Troupes〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: Eyes On Other Troupes（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Deeper and Deeper
scenarioId: 014046_emu01

[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Diner
【Emu】Movie, movie♪ It's gonna be so goodie♪
【Tsukasa】It's been making headlines with all the powerhouse young actors that are in it. I've also been looking forward to seeing it.
【Rui】But we still have a bit of time before it begins, so why don't we stay here for a little longer?
【Emu】Okay!
【Emu】Oh, can we go shopping afterwards? I wanna buy a new pair of training shoes!
【Nene】There's also a book I wanna buy, so I'd like to stop by the mall.
【Tsukasa】We'll see the movie, go shopping... And have ourselves a relaxing day off.
【Tsukasa】Still, we have so much time on our hands now that our away training is over.
【Rui】We were so busy with rehearsals and assignments that even our holidays ended up being fairly chaotic.
【Nene】But we've definitely learned a lot. So, I'm glad that we've been able to train with all these different troupes.
【Tsukasa】Yes, and we need to thank them, as well as Emu's brothers, again for giving us these wonderful opportunities.
【Rui】I hope we get to keep visiting different troupes and continue to grow together.
【Emu】Different troupes...
【Emu】So, where do you guys wanna go next?
【Tsukasa】Hmm... That's a tough question.
【Rui】Each troupe possesses different strengths and qualities.
【Nene】Personally, I think it'd be nice if we could visit one with a lot of focus on singing...
【Tsukasa】Yes, that's a good option! As for me, I'd say dancing!
【Tsukasa】By learning a variety of dance styles, we could expand the breadth of our shows!
【Emu】I'm thinking... Oh!
【Emu】A troupe that's all dressed as mascots!
【Nene】Mascots?
【Rui】Yes, there are troupes out there that put on those kinds of shows.
【Emu】Exactly☆ Those types of shows sometimes don't involve much speaking...
【Emu】But you can tell exactly what's going on in the story just based on the way the characters move. I think that's really amazing!
【Tsukasa】Yes, now that you mention it...
【Tsukasa】Telling a story only through gestures and pantomime is easier said than done.
【Nene】And those costumes really limit your range of motion.
【Rui】We could gain some good experience by learning how to get through to an audience under such conditions.
【Emu】See what I mean♪ Oh, also!
【Emu】Umm... Im...? Immer...? Emergency?
【Nene】There's an emergency now?
【Rui】Were you trying to say immersive theatre?
【Emu】Oh, Rui, that's it!
【Nene】How'd you make that leap...?
【Nene】Immersive theatre involves having the audience actively participate in a show, right?
【Rui】Yes. As the name suggests, the audience becomes immersed in the world of the show.
【Rui】Some shows have the audience walk around and converse with the actors, or even help them move the story along.
【Emu】Things can change depending on what they say and do too, right?♪
【Tsukasa】Things can change... That sounds a lot like improvisational theatre.
【Tsukasa】I've heard of those before, but actually performing in one sounds rather challenging.
【Nene】You'd have to memorize multiple scenarios and adapt based on what actually happens.
【Nene】I feel like I'd get my lines for the different happenings all mixed up...
【Rui】And performing alongside the audience means...
【Rui】Not only do you have to know how to deal with the unexpected, how you rope in the audience and get them excited will also be important.
【Tsukasa】Right. That sounds like a good workout for our improvisation muscles.
【Rui】And you'd learn how to stay in character regardless of the situation.
【Nene】True. Thinking about it that way, there are still so many places we could learn from.
【Emu】Yeah!
【Emu】Huh?
【Nene】What's wrong, Emu?
【Emu】Keisuke just sent me a message.
【Tsukasa】Hm? It seems he sent it to us all.
【Nene】Let's see... He wants us to visit your house next Sunday so he can tell us something.
【Rui】What could it be? Is there anything you can tell us, Emu?
【Emu】No, I have no idea...
【Emu】But I have a good feeling about it for some reason!
【Nene】Hehe. Then, it'll be something we can look forward to while we wait for the week to pass.
【Emu】Yup☆
[Sound] bgm00000
