【Megurine Luka — Greetings Are Idol 101〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Megurine Luka
Card: Greetings Are Idol 101（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: This Way! That Way! Zookeeper Day
scenarioId: 024033_luka01

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Luka】Thank you for coming to see us perform today!
【Luka】We hope you enjoy this next song♪
[Sound] se00208_b
【KAITO】(Luka's been outstanding lately. And the audience is really loving what she's doing.)
【KAITO】(Not only that, she's getting the others to perform better as well...)
【KAITO】(It might be time for our next show to center more around Luka...)
【Luka】Bye, everyone! See you at our next show♪
[Sound] bgm00000
【Len】Today's show was off the hook.
[Sound] bgm_area00002
【Miku】It really was! And we all did so well!
【Rin】Especially Luka! Your singing and dancing were on point!
【MEIKO】She's right. You led everyone so well and gave the show a huge influx of energy!
【Luka】Hehe. I really appreciate the compliments.
【KAITO】Nice work, everyone! That was an incredible show.
【Luka】Thank you, KAITO. Those new dance routines you came up with really did the trick.
【Luka】They made things so easy because of how I was able to move more freely than usual.
【KAITO】I'm glad to hear that. I decided to come up with a couple new ones that allowed you to use more of the stage after seeing you practice.
【KAITO】But I'm sure you're tired. We don't have any shows for a little while, so please take this opportunity to get some rest.
【Luka】Oh, is our schedule that open?
【KAITO】Yes. We have some meetings and preparations for upcoming shows, but we're relatively free for the time being.
【Miku】Oh, okay! Then, let's do our best to make our next show another good one♪
【Len】Wait, what meetings?
【KAITO】For producing merchandise. We've received quite a few ideas from everyone.
【Rin】And we're gonna decide what to make based on their ideas? That sounds really fun!
【KAITO】I'm glad you're looking forward to it. We've been given many wonderful ideas.
【Rin】Cool!
【Miku】I'm really looking forward to those meetings now!
【Luka】Me too. But if we don't have any shows...
【Luka】Hehe. I might be able to sneak in a visit.
[Sound] bgm00000
【KAITO】Luka...?
【Luka】Okay, that should be it.
[Sound] bgm00024
【KAITO】Thank you for helping me clean up. By the way, is there something that you're hiding from me?
【Luka】Oh, KAITO, you know me all too well.
【Luka】You said that we wouldn't have any shows for the time being, so I thought that I could go on a little trip tomorrow.
【KAITO】A trip? Sure, that seems fine...
【KAITO】Speaking of trips, Minori said something about visiting a zoo...
【KAITO】Ah, I see... So that's what you were planning, Luka.
【Luka】Do you mind?
【KAITO】No, you go and have fun since you have the time to for a change.
【Luka】Thank you, KAITO. I was hoping that we could all go together, but I'm afraid that we'd cause her too much trouble if we went over as a group.
【KAITO】That's okay. However, in return for keeping this a secret, I'll be expecting your next show to be superb.
【Luka】Don't worry about that. I promise to put on an even better performance than the one I put on today♪
【KAITO】I'll be looking forward to that. A few ideas popped into my head while watching you today, so I'd like to work those in next time.
【Luka】Hehe. Okay.
【KAITO】Then, have a safe trip.
【Luka】Thank you, KAITO.
【Luka】(Thank goodness KAITO's okay with my plan.)
【Luka】(And I can't help but wonder what sorts of animals will be at the zoo.)
【Luka】Hehe. I'm looking forward to having a fun day off♪
[Sound] bgm00000
