【Mixed Event — The Warmth of a Guiding Hand】

Event: The Warmth of a Guiding Hand
Event Type: cheerful_carnival
Episodes: 8
Outline: With so much on their plate, it's getting harder for MORE MORE JUMP! to keep on top of their schedule. Shizuku suggests that Saito become the group's manager since she's proven her talents to them, but things are not so simple...

[Background Change] bg_a002302
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Airi】*Sigh* Another day, another tough shoot!
【Shizuku】But it ended up being a lot of fun. I never thought I'd get to be the one pulling a prank on people.
【Minori】Me neither. My heart wouldn't stop racing during the entire thing!
【Minori】Unfortunately... Our prank didn't go that well.
【Haruka】Yeah. Replacing all the ghosts in that amusement park's haunted house with idols seemed like a good idea, but...
【Haruka】Shizuku was acting so suspiciously that everyone figured out who she was, and our prank sort of ended up turning into a meet and greet.
【Shizuku】While you all did such a good job of being ghastly ghosts and spooky spirits that no one noticed who you were.
【Airi】To be fair, the production teams are always prepared for these things with shows that involve a lot of pranks...
【Airi】Anyway, the producer really seemed to enjoy it, so I'm calling it a job well done!
【Shizuku】Hehe. I'm really glad.
【Shizuku】And it's so nice how we've been getting invited onto all these different programs lately.
【Haruka】Yeah. They've mostly been online and local programs, but it definitely feels like people are noticing us more.
【Haruka】So, let's keep up the good work.
【Minori】Right! So we can do a show at the Dome!
【Airi】Us doing a show at the Dome's still way off in the future, so let's just keep trying to accomplish what we can for now.
【Shizuku】What we can for now... Our next goal is to perform at the Butokan, yes?
【Haruka】Yeah, and it seats 15,000... We've been getting a lot more media attention lately, so I feel like we're making good progress...
【Haruka】But how many people do you think would show up if we made an announcement right now?
【Airi】We have a lot more subscribers and followers online now, but getting people to physically come if we actually did it is a different story.
【Minori】If we actually did it...
【Minori】Then, why don't we?!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】What?
【Minori】If we just did one, then we'd know exactly where we're at in terms of how many people we can attract, right...?
【Minori】Plus, we've been getting a lot of comments asking about when our next show's gonna be! I have a feeling everyone's already really excited about it!
【Haruka】Yeah, and it has been a little while since our solo show.
【Airi】True. And it'd be nice to see everyone's faces again...
【Airi】Alright, let's start planning for it!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Minori】Woohoo!!
【Shizuku】Oh, that means we'll need to find a venue, come up with a set list and such...
【Minori】Yeah, right! Since we're doing this, we should do something that'll blow everyone's minds! Any ideas?
【Haruka】As much as I want to keep discussing this, it's getting pretty late, and we're all tired from work...
【Airi】Yeah... Let's head home for now. We'll discuss this again another time after we've had a chance to come up with ideas!
【Shizuku】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] A few days later
[Caption] Rental Meeting Room
【Saito】I see... So that's why you asked me to join you today.
【Haruka】Yes. We thought that it'd be best to ask you for advice regarding our ideas for the show and how to run the venue.
【Shizuku】We hammered out a list of things that we'd like to do now, but we're not sure how practical they're going to be. So, we were hoping to get a second opinion.
【Saito】I'll be more than glad to help! Please give me a moment to read through this document of yours!
【Saito】Let's see...
[Sound] se00122_b
【Saito】These all sound like really great ideas! It shouldn't be hard to do them!
【Shizuku】Thank goodness...
【Saito】However, Minori, your “gifts for everyone” idea might hurt your budget a bit...
【Saito】Not too long ago, this would've been pretty easy to pull off. But now, MORE MORE JUMP! has a lot more fans...
【Saito】Footing the bill for enough gifts to hand out to everyone you meet is already going to be pretty tough. On top of that, the crowd may become a bit chaotic.
【Saito】Which means you'd have to hire more staff and security. In other words, higher costs.
【Minori】Th-That's right! All the big idol events have tons and tons of security!
【Minori】I never thought that we'd ever have to need that much security at one of our events...
【Airi】We trust our fans to behave themselves, but we do need to have a plan in place just in case.
【Haruka】Right... It's always fun to directly interact with our fans, but those kinds of events come with certain risks.
【Minori】I know our safety is important, but I also don't want any of our fans to get hurt!
【Shizuku】I agree. We should do what we can to ensure that everyone who comes to see us has a good time.
【Saito】Still, I'm sure your guests would be over the moon to receive a gift from MMJ! So, if you can stay within budget, I say go for it.
【Saito】Since you haven't picked a venue yet, you can book one first and see what you're going to have left before deciding what to do.
【Minori】I see...
【Airi】Thanks for always giving us such detailed advice, Saito! We really appreciate it!
【Saito】No, I'm only able to say these things because I was recently involved in helping put together a fairly involved event. I'm just glad to put that experience to good use!
【Shizuku】I don't know what to say. I'm starting to feel bad about always receiving so much wonderful advice from you.
【Haruka】That's not limited to just events. You've been giving us all sorts of good advice regarding our schedule after we started appearing on TV.
【Haruka】So, thank you very much for all your help.
【Saito】No, um... I feel honored that I get to help with the operations of MORE MORE JUMP!
【Saito】And I became so excited when I heard that you'd be doing another event...!
【Saito】Oh, look at me... I'm babbling away about how I feel as a fan.
【Airi】Hehe. And we couldn't be more grateful.
【Saito】Anyway, that's enough of my fangirling. Let's get back to discussing your event!
【Saito】As I mentioned a moment ago, I suggest that you all start by looking for your next venue.
【Saito】Are there any that happen to immediately come to mind? If so, I can ask to see if they'll be available.
【Minori】Oh, that'd help so much!
【Minori】So, we were actually in the middle of deciding where we can do this...
【Shizuku】The thing is, we have quite a lot on our plate at the moment.
【Shizuku】Our original goal for today was to find a good date for our next event and see which venues are available while looking at our current schedule.
【Saito】Yes, I see! In that case... Would you mind showing me your current schedule?
【Haruka】Yes, of course. This is what it looks like right now...
[Sound] se00122_b
【Saito】Wow...! Busy is right! You're all booked up for the next few months...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saito】Oh, hang on...
【Haruka】Did you find something?
【Saito】Oh, it's just... About what you have planned for Friday on this week here...
【Saito】This meeting for FluffTalk is scheduled to end not long before your interview with LoVE IDoL is supposed to begin.
【Saito】You're supposed to meet in Akasaka for FluffTalk, but Yokohama for LoVE IDoL... Will you be able to make it to this interview in time?
[Sound] bgm00173
【Minori】What...?!
[Sound] se00122_b
【Airi】She's right... Our FluffTalk meeting ends at seven and that interview for LoVE IDoL starts at eight. Which means...
【Shizuku】We're only going to have about an hour to get from Akasaka to Yokohama. It's usually around forty minutes by train...
【Shizuku】And we run the risk of being late if we get lost or anything else happens.
【Haruka】Yeah... And that's assuming this meeting actually ends right at seven. We'll be cutting it really close.
【Airi】I'm so sorry. It's my fault for penciling in both. I'll call them right away to see if we can change the meeting time.
【Shizuku】Airi...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Phew... It's still some time away, so they were happy to meet at a different time...
[Sound] bgm00024
【Shizuku】What a relief...
【Airi】Again, I'm really sorry. I caused you all stress over something I did.
【Haruka】No, don't say that. It's our fault for leaving it all to you.
【Minori】We can check over everything together next time!
【Haruka】Right. It's always good to have another set of eyes look over everything.
【Airi】I'd really appreciate it. Still...
【Airi】We would've been in huge trouble if you hadn't caught this just now, Saito. I don't even know how to begin thanking you...
【Saito】No, I just happened to notice is all... It was nothing, really.
【Saito】Still, managing such a packed schedule all by yourselves seems like a tall order.
【Airi】It is. I'm not gonna lie, I've sort of been at my wit's end for a little while now... My hope is that we'll be able to hire a manager soon.
【Airi】But that means looking for the right person for the job and figuring out how to actually go about hiring them. We just haven't had the time.
【Saito】Yes, I see... Especially considering how busy you all are right now.
【Haruka】Also, we're not a company or anything, so we wouldn't be able to hire them as our employee per se.
【Haruka】Which basically means we'd be taking them on as a freelancer... I'm not sure how many people we'll find who are willing to work under those conditions.
【Minori】Th-That's true...
【Airi】On the other hand, we want someone we can trust and who understands who we are as a group.
【Minori】Th-That's also true...!
【Airi】As a result, we haven't really been able to get ourselves to start looking for someone.
【Saito】I see...
【Shizuku】(Someone we can trust... Someone who understands who we are...)
【Shizuku】(Who's also suited to the job of a manager...)
【Shizuku】(Wait a second...)
【Shizuku】Saito, aren't you the perfect choice?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saito】What...?
【Shizuku】You've been supporting us all this time, giving us so much wonderful advice and being so reliable.
【Shizuku】You even immediately saw a problem with our schedule after having only a quick glance at it.
【Shizuku】I honestly believe no one else is more well-suited for this job than you.
【Saito】M...
【Saito】M-Me...?!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] Rental Meeting Room
【Saito】Me?! Managing MORE MORE JUMP!...?!
【Haruka】I think I agree with Shizuku.
[Sound] bgm00170
【Saito】What...?
【Minori】Yeah! You really have supported us and given us so much amazing advice, Saito...
【Minori】It's like you know us so well that you always know exactly what we need to hear!
【Airi】She's right... Having you around would make me feel so much better.
【Airi】So, Saito, what do you say? Would you be willing to consider our offer...?
【Shizuku】I'm really sorry for springing this on you so suddenly.
【Shizuku】But I... On behalf of all of us, I'd like to officially ask you to become our manager.
【Saito】Me...?
【Shizuku】Remember how you said while we were preparing for our solo show how it was your dream to assist and support idols for a living, and that you'd started studying how to be a manager?
【Saito】Oh...
[Sound] se00053_b
【Saito】After helping put on your last event, I've decided that I want to assist and support idols for a living...
【Saito】And that's what made me want to learn more about this industry! That's why I also began studying how to become a talent manager while really trying to get the most out of my current job!
【Shizuku】Which is why... Your dream, our dream...
【Shizuku】How wonderful would it be to make them both come true together?
【Saito】Together...
【Haruka】Oh... Of course, you don't have to make a decision right away.
【Airi】Yeah. We sprang this on you kinda suddenly, so you can give us your decision once we've given you all the details regarding your job description, compensation and—
【Saito】No. I've already made my decision, so please let me tell you now.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Haruka】What...?
【Saito】This is such an honor. I genuinely love your group and couldn't be happier about the praise you just gave me.
【Saito】I can't believe this is really happening... Am I dreaming...? I'm elated, to put it mildly.
【Shizuku】Then...!
【Saito】However...
【Saito】I'm sorry. I...can't accept your offer.
[Sound] bgm00038
【Shizuku】What...?
【Haruka】We understand. I'm sure you have your reasons.
【Haruka】That being said... Would you mind telling us what they are?
【Saito】... It sort of has to do with my family...
【Haruka】Your family...?
【Saito】No, um... It's nothing serious!
【Saito】I feel awful about not being able to accept your generous offer... I'm still not sure I'm really worthy...
【Saito】But I promise to make your next event a good one! So, let's figure out what we can do to prepare for it right now!
【Saito】Now, in terms of scheduling...
【Shizuku】Saito...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Airi】So, we have a date and venue booked for our next show. But...
【Minori】She turned down our offer to become our manager.
【Miku】I see...
【KAITO】That's so unfortunate... Based on what you've all said, she's really been there for you in so many ways. Having her as your manager would've been heartening.
【Len】But if she has her reasons, then there isn't much you can do.
【Haruka】She mentioned her family... But she seemed reluctant to discuss it any further.
【Rin】But what does her family have to do with all this...? Do you think something happened between her and them?
【Luka】In any case, if she doesn't want to talk about it, then it'd be rude to keep prying.
【Airi】Right... We were really hoping that Saito would accept our offer, but we shouldn't press any further if she has her reasons.
【Airi】Finding someone like her won't be easy...but we may need to start looking.
【Minori】Yeah...
【Shizuku】(Airi's right... We can't force her to become our manager.)
【Shizuku】(Still...)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Shizuku】(That look I saw on Saito's face... She didn't seem very happy.)
【Shizuku】(Setting aside her becoming our manager... If something is bothering her, maybe we can try to help...)
【Miku】Everyone...
【KAITO】This may sound a bit random, but isn't that day fast approaching?
[Sound] bgm00006
【Minori】What day?
【KAITO】The day you're supposed to travel long-distance for a shoot.
【Len】Oh...
【Len】Now I remember. You mentioned something about heading over a day early and staying in an inn because going there and back in one day would be too hard.
【Rin】No fair! That sounds like so much fun! I know it's for work, but you get to travel together!
【Haruka】Hehe. We do. But we can still have some fun together. We'll be sure to let you all know once we arrive.
【Rin】Woohoo! We get to stay at a fancy inn too♪
[Background Change] bg_s000245
【Rin】Hey, check it out! I found the perfect outfit for our trip in the dressing room! I'm all set now♪
【Len】It is a cute outfit, Rin... But your hat's a little crooked.
【Rin】Oh! Thanks, Len!
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Luka】Aren't you getting a little ahead of yourself? They don't go for a few more days, right?
【Rin】But I'm so excited! I can't wait!
【Rin】What do you think the inn's gonna be like? I bet their food's amazing!
【Len】I read in that magazine they lent us the other day about how their menu centers around local delicacies.
【MEIKO】And above all else, the hot spring's supposed to be first-rate. I wish I could go since theirs apparently does wonders for your skin.
【Minori】Hmm... That might be hard since we can't take our phones in the hot spring with us...
【Shizuku】But I'm sure you'll still get to enjoy everything else that the inn has to offer. You at least have that to look forward to.
【Len】Hehe. It's gonna be a great trip.
【Airi】Hold your horses. Just as a quick reminder, we're not going on vacation.
【Airi】We just happen to get to stay at a nice inn! Our job is still to put together a successful on-site shoot!
【Minori】I know that, of course! I'm just as motivated as usual—
【Minori】No, I'm even more energized than ever!
【Haruka】I am definitely looking forward to our shoot.
【Shizuku】Me too!
【Shizuku】(KAITO... He must've realized that we were feeling a bit down and changed the subject to try to cheer us up.)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】(And everyone's looking forward to this trip, so we need to make sure our shoot goes well.)
【Shizuku】(And yet... I can't help but think about what's bothering Saito.)
【Shizuku】(We're not scheduled to meet again until after this shoot. I hope she's feeling a little better by then...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b002701
[Caption] A few days later
[Caption] Ryusuiso - Lobby
【Shizuku】“Ryusuiso”... I think we're in the right place.
【Haruka】It's further into the mountains than I initially realized, but I'm really enjoying being surrounded by nature like this.
【Airi】Thank goodness we managed to catch the last bus though. A few more seconds and we would've had to walk.
【Minori】*Sob* I'm so sorry! I feel awful about getting held up at the gates after forgetting where I put my ticket...!
【Haruka】That's okay since it was still in one of your pockets.
【Shizuku】That happens to me from time to time as well... Why don't we check with each other where we're going to keep them on the way back?
【Minori】Yeah, that's a great idea! Thanks for offering, Shizuku!
[Sound] se00028_b
【Rin】<Wait, are we here already?!>
【Miku】<Oh wow! So this is what a traditional inn is like! It's like a big Japanese-style mansion! This is so exciting!>
【Airi】Oh, you guys are quick. But we're just getting started!
【Shizuku】Right. I'm sure our room is going to be just as lovely, so we'll...
[Sound] se_walk_women_004_2
[Sound] bgm00000
【???】Ah, good evening! Welcome to our little corner of these mountains.
【Minori】Oh...
[Background Change] bg_a000000
【MEIKO】<Does she work here?>
【Luka】<For now, we may want to keep quiet.>
[Background Change] bg_b002701
【Airi】Good evening! We have a two-night reservation under the name “Momoi”. I apologize for coming to check in so late.
[Sound] bgm00006
【???】Ah, Ms. Momoi, we've been eagerly awaiting your arrival! I need to apologize for not coming out to greet you sooner.
【Proprietress】My name is Saito, and I am the proprietress of this establishment. I hope you ladies enjoy your stay.
【Minori】Thank you very much. We're really looking forward to the next three days!
【Shizuku】(Saito...?)
【Shizuku】(That made me jump a little, even though it's a very common surname.)
【Proprietress】Now, we'll take care of the luggage, so please come right in and make yourselves at home.
【Proprietress】Ayaka! Please come help with our guests' things!
[Sound] bgm00000
【???】Okay, be right there!
[Sound] se_event_warmth_2023_001
[Sound] se_event_warmth_2023_001
【Saito】Good evening, and welcome to Ryusuiso! I'll take care of the luggage, so please—
【Minori】Huh...?
【Airi】W-Wait, Saito, what are you doing here?!
【Saito】M-Me? I could be asking you the same...
【Minori】We're staying here to do a shoot nearby tomorrow...
【Haruka】Coming to this area and back in one day was going to be difficult with everything scheduled, so we decided to find an inn to stay at.
【Saito】O-Oh, I see...
【Shizuku】Um, could I ask you a question...?
【Shizuku】If the proprietress's name is also “Saito”... Does that mean this inn...?
【Saito】Yes. It belongs to my family.
【Saito】This is one of the busiest times of year for us because of a famous festival that takes place nearby. I come back every year to help out.
【Airi】I see...
【Proprietress】Oh, do you happen to be Ayaka's friends? That's quite a coincidence considering how deep in the mountains we are...
[Sound] bgm00170
【Proprietress】Would you mind if I asked how you all met? At university?
【Saito】No. We, um...work together, sort of...
【Saito】Remember what I told you the other day about how I've been helping an idol group run their events?
【Saito】Ms. Momoi and her party are that group.
【Proprietress】Oh, I see! Then you must be the idol she adores so much, Ms. Momoi!
【Airi】No, this is the idol she absolutely adores! Shizuku, you're up!
【Shizuku】Oh, umm... It's nice to meet you. My name is Shizuku Hinomori. It's been an incredible pleasure to work with Saito.
【Proprietress】Oh my! Now that I'm getting a closer look, you really are an outstanding beauty! Otherworldly even!
【Proprietress】I can see why Ayaka's so entranced by you. Beauty also runs in my family, but you're quite a sight to behold!
【Saito】M-Mom, stop. You're embarrassing me...
【Saito】I'm really sorry... She doesn't really watch TV, so she isn't exactly up to date on which idols or personalities are in right now.
【Proprietress】I do need to apologize for that. I just find it hard to sit in front of a television for extended periods of time.
【Haruka】No, that's okay. If anything, I think we all really appreciate how relaxed you're being around us. This way, we can be at ease too.
【Proprietress】Oh, you're too kind. But I have to ask...
【Proprietress】How have things been going between you ladies and Ayaka? I hope she hasn't been causing you any trouble.
【Saito】M-Mom, cut it out!
【Minori】Trouble...? No, actually... She's been a huuuge source of support for us!
【Haruka】If anything, we've been the ones causing her a lot of trouble... We can't even begin to thank her for all the incredible advice she's given us.
【Shizuku】Yes, I'm not sure if we'd even be here right now if it weren't for her.
【Shizuku】To us, she isn't just someone we work with... She's an invaluable partner who's been helping us put events together.
【Saito】Everyone...
【Proprietress】Yes, I see.
【Proprietress】I've been so worried about how she's been doing after leaving home to go live and work in the city... But I feel so relieved after hearing what you all just said.
【Shizuku】(Oh...)
【Shizuku】(She has such a kind look on her face...)
【Shizuku】(She must love her daughter very much... Hehe. What a wonderful family.)
【Proprietress】If you all have that much to say, then Ayaka must be doing an excellent job.
【Proprietress】Which means this inn will be in capable hands after she takes over.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】What...?
【Saito】Oh...
【Minori】After she takes over...?
【Proprietress】Hehe. After she graduates, Ayaka here says she's going to take over from me as the next proprietress of our inn.
【Proprietress】I know I dote on her quite a lot, but she's grown to become such a resourceful woman...
【Proprietress】We're looking forward to the day she takes over since we as a family believe that she will help usher in a new era for this inn.
【Shizuku】(Oh...)
【Shizuku】(She's going to take over after she graduates...)
[Sound] bgm00038
【Shizuku】(Is this what she meant when she mentioned her family the other day?)
【Proprietress】Oh, I'm so sorry... I didn't mean to keep you for so long after just arriving. I'm sure you're all very tired after your trip.
【Proprietress】Ayaka, would you mind showing our guests to their room?
【Saito】Okay.
【Saito】I'll carry your luggage. It's right this way.
【Minori】Oh...
【Haruka】For now, let's go...
【Shizuku】Okay...
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a006003
[Caption] Ryusuiso - Peony Room
【Airi】*Sigh*
【Airi】Normally, you'd exclaim, “Wow, this room's huge!” after walking into a place like this...
【Luka】<But something more concerning just came to light...>
【Shizuku】Yes... What were the odds of us making a reservation at Saito's family's inn?
【Minori】Her mom said she's gonna take over after she graduates.
【Rin】<Wait, so this is the reason why she turned down your offer to become your manager?>
【Haruka】I suspect so.
【Len】<But she also said that her dream's to work with idols for a living, didn't she?>
【Shizuku】Yes, but it seems she's set to take over this inn instead...
【Shizuku】Now that I think about it, I know almost nothing about her.
【Miku】<Shizuku...?>
【Shizuku】Oh, I'm sorry... This may be a little off-topic...
【Shizuku】But I don't even know which university she attends, what she's studying or anything about her family's business.
【Shizuku】I've had plenty of opportunities to ask in the past, but I never did.
【Haruka】I know what you mean. We've never really talked about anything other than work.
【Shizuku】And yet, I invited her to be our manager without knowing anything about her situation...
【Shizuku】In hindsight, that was incredibly thoughtless of me...
【Airi】Shizuku...
[Sound] se00048_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saito's Voice】Excuse me. I've brought you all some tea.
【Rin】<Oh, it's her...!>
【MEIKO】<We'll do our best to stay hidden.>
【Haruka】Oh... Please come in.
[Sound] se00380_b
【Saito】I apologize for bothering you all while you're still getting settled, but I've also brought some of this area's hot spring manju to go with your tea. I hope you enjoy them.
【Saito】Most people think that manju are all the same, but the filling for these ones is really something else.
【Airi】Oh, they certainly sound delicious.
[Background Change] bg_a000000
【Rin】<No fair... They get to have manju...>
【KAITO】<Rin, shush.>
[Background Change] bg_a006003
【Saito】Now...
【Saito】I'd like to ask you all for a moment of your time.
[Sound] bgm00038
【Saito】I'm sure you're wondering what's going on... So please, allow me to explain.
【Minori】Saito...
【Shizuku】Yes, of course. If you are comfortable doing so.
【Saito】Thank you.
【Saito】I'm really sorry about not giving a better explanation after you gave me an offer to become your group's manager.
【Saito】My hope was that saying as little as possible would keep any of you from worrying about me...
【Saito】However, as my mother said earlier, I plan on taking over as the proprietress of this inn when that time comes.
【Saito】Once I've graduated, I'll leave Tokyo and won't be able to help your group again...
【Airi】Oh, I...see.
【Saito】Yes, which is why... I turned down your offer to become your manager.
【Shizuku】...
【Shizuku】But you said that one time...
【Shizuku】“I want to assist and support idols for a living”...
【Saito】Uh... That was just...
【Shizuku】When you said that... It sounded like you really meant it.
【Shizuku】Which begs the question... Is there a deeper reason as to why you feel compelled to continue the family business...?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saito】The truth is, I'm an only child...
【Saito】Which means, if I don't take over, then this inn may well go out of business...
【Haruka】What...?
【Minori】This beautiful inn might go out of business...?!
【Saito】Yes.
【Saito】My grandfather built this inn, so it doesn't have as much history as some of the other ones out there...
[Sound] bgm00215
【Saito】But it still means the world to me.
【Airi】It means that much...?
【Saito】I know it's small, but we have a group of loyal guests who look forward to coming back each year.
【Saito】I've been helping with our guests ever since I was little, and some even come after having grandchildren to introduce them to us.
【Saito】But...
【Saito】Me pursuing my real dream would mean placing the inn I hold dear to my heart in jeopardy.
【Shizuku】Oh...
【Saito】Wh-Which is why, I...
【Saito】I feel that it's best for me to give up on my dream.
【Minori】Saito...
【Saito】Thank you for hearing me out.
【Saito】Ever since what happened the other day, I've been regretting not telling you all more... But I feel much better now after getting everything off my chest.
【Saito】So, I am going to become this inn's next proprietress. My mother is looking forward to that very much, and... I love this place more than anything else.
【Airi】...
【Saito】I'm sorry for not being able to help you any further.
【Saito】But I'm going to cherish the time we spent together forever!
【Saito】I may never again have something I'm so passionate about that I'll want to do my best despite whatever hardships I'm faced with.
【Saito】So...
【Saito】As an idol fan, thank you for giving me a chance to dream. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
【Saito】You're all literally my idols. And you always will be... Now and forever!
【Shizuku】Saito...
【Saito】I'm sorry for taking up so much of your time. Your shoot tomorrow begins around lunchtime, yes?
【Saito】For now, please make yourselves at home. I promise that breakfast is going to be out of this world!
【Shizuku】Oh...
【Saito】Anyway, I'll see you all tomorrow. Have a good night!
[Sound] se00468_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】That's a lot to take in...
【Haruka】So she's doing it for her family and this inn's loyal guests... Her reasons are admirable, and I really want to show my support for her...
【Minori】Yeah, but...
【Minori】Is she...really okay with this...?
【Shizuku】(I want to support Saito in pursuing her dreams.)
【Shizuku】(But if she does that, it might bring sadness to those who mean so much to her...)
【Shizuku】(I can't just tell her to not give up on her dreams...)
【Shizuku】What should we do...?
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Background Change] bg_b002701
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a006003
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] Ryusuiso - Peony Room
【Minori】Whew! As fun as today's shoot was, they had us do so much!
【Airi】They told us that it'd be for a camping special, but chopping all that firewood was harder than I expected...
【KAITO】<We actually had a lot of fun watching you though.>
【Miku】<Yeah. I think the special's gonna turn out really great!>
【Shizuku】Hehe. That means a lot coming from all of you.
【Shizuku】Still... We really worked up a good sweat.
【Shizuku】I was hoping to take a bath... Why don't we all go together?
【Minori】I really wanna join you, but I still need to get my bags all sorted...
【Haruka】Now that you mention it, Minori, you do have all your bags laid out...
【Haruka】I've also been thinking about getting my things sorted, so I'll also join you in a little bit.
【Airi】I still have a few emails left that I need to reply to, so I'll head over once I'm finished with those.
【Shizuku】Okay. Then, I'll go on ahead.
【Rin】<No fair! I wanna take a dip in the hot spring!>
【Luka】<Yes, it would've been nice to give my skin a refreshing treatment. Is there any way for you to bring back some of the water?>
【Shizuku】That may be difficult... Instead, we can bring back some manju. I'm sure you'll enjoy them very much.
【Rin】<What?! You mean the ones Saito brought over yesterday?>
【Rin】<Awesome! I promise to wait and be really patient♪>
【MEIKO】<Oh, you. But I understand your excitement.>
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b002701
[Sound] se_walk_women_004_1
【Shizuku】(The baths should be... Ah, this way. Thank goodness for all these signs.)
【Shizuku】(Still, this inn really is lovely... Our room feels relaxing, and the staff here are so kind...)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a006003
[Background Change] bg_b002701
【Shizuku】(We talked it over a little after that...)
【Shizuku】(And we agreed to respect Saito's decision to help keep her family's business going.)
【Shizuku】(And I...agree with that, but...)
【???】You're Ms. Hinomori, correct?
【Shizuku】Huh...?
【???】Ah, I had a feeling. Thank you for always being so kind to my granddaughter.
【Senior Proprietress】I apologize for not introducing myself sooner. I am the previous proprietress of this inn, as well as Ayaka's grandmother.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Shizuku】Her grandmother...?!
【Shizuku】No, I should be the one telling you how grateful we are for all the kindness she's given us.
【Senior Proprietress】Hehe. I appreciate that very much. And I'm so glad that I finally got to meet you.
【Senior Proprietress】But... I suppose all the stories I'd heard were true. She really has been working with you...
【Senior Proprietress】You're the reason why she decided to start working part-time at events, so it seems fate is not without a sense of humor...
【Shizuku】Wait, I am...?
【Senior Proprietress】Oh, did she not tell you?
【Shizuku】No, I... I knew that she's been a big fan of mine for a very long time...
【Shizuku】But I had no idea that she chose to start helping with events because of me.
【Senior Proprietress】Oh, I see...
【Senior Proprietress】If I recall... I believe it all started about three years ago.
【Senior Proprietress】Something about meeting you for the first time at a meet and greet...?
【Shizuku】At a meet and greet? About three years ago...?
【Shizuku】Oh... That may've been the event where everyone from the third generation was introduced.
【Senior Proprietress】I can't recall many details, but I do remember Ayaka making a bit of a mistake while helping out here and feeling bad about it.
【Senior Proprietress】Apparently, you asked her if she was okay after noticing that something was bothering her.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】What...?
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a001201
【Shizuku】Hello! Thank you for coming to see us today!
【Shizuku】Oh no... Is everything okay? You seem to be feeling a little down.
【Shizuku】But don't worry! I know a charm for making people smile by shaking hands with me.
【Shizuku】All I have to do is...this!
【Shizuku】After you release my hands, you should be able to move forward with your head held high. I hope that helps cheer you up.
[Background Change] bg_b002701
【Senior Proprietress】After that, she gained an interest in working as an event staff member.
【Senior Proprietress】I suspect it's because she saw firsthand the power that events have to move hearts.
【Shizuku】Saito...
[Sound] bgm00039
【Senior Proprietress】But I doubt she ever dreamed of having the opportunity to work with you yourself someday.
【Senior Proprietress】Oh, speaking of which, you should've heard how happy she was when she called home after working on one of your group's events for the first time.
【Senior Proprietress】She even kept sending us messages saying, “It's so amazing how hard she works,” and, “I'm giving MORE MORE JUMP! all the support I can!”
【Senior Proprietress】But above all else, she sounded the happiest when telling us how the event she helped put together actually succeeded.
【Shizuku】Oh...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_d000101
【Saito】After helping put on your last event, I've decided that I want to assist and support idols for a living...
【Saito】I ended up having so much fun that I found myself wanting to do this for a living.
【Saito】It felt like I played an actual role in helping spread hope to others like all of you. That made me feel so happy...!
[Background Change] bg_b002701
【Shizuku】Yes... She also told us the same thing.
【Shizuku】When she told us that, it became clear that she genuinely has a passion for our line of work... Her words left me speechless.
【Senior Proprietress】Ah, yes, I'd imagine so. Which is why I posed a question to her.
【Senior Proprietress】If she likes it that much, then why not pursue it as a career?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】...!
【Shizuku】How did she respond...?
【Senior Proprietress】She said...
[Sound] se00053_b
【Saito】What...?
[Sound] bgm00215
【Saito】G-Grandma, what are you saying? I want to serve this inn's guests for a living!
【Saito】That's why I'm going to become the next proprietress. My event staff job is just a way to build up experience.
【Senior Proprietress】But you always sound so happy whenever you're talking about work.
【Senior Proprietress】You don't need to worry about this inn. If there's something else that you wish to do, then I think you should pursue that.
【Senior Proprietress】We care far more about your happiness than the future of this inn.
【Saito】My happiness matters more...?
【Senior Proprietress】Yes, so if you have a different dream in mind, then... I think you should try making it come true.
【Saito】No, you've got it all wrong!
【Saito】I want to become the next proprietress of this inn! I've been planning to since I was in elementary school!
【Saito】So, Grandma, you don't need to worry.
【Saito】After graduation, I'm coming straight back here!
【Senior Proprietress】... What I'm worried about is your...
【Senior Proprietress】We kept going around in circles after that...
【Senior Proprietress】But she was so adamant that I ended up saying, “It seems it really is your dream to take over.”
【Senior Proprietress】However, I'm still having a hard time actually believing that...
【Shizuku】So... Is her mother aware of any of this?
【Senior Proprietress】No. I've taken it upon myself to hear what Ayaka has to say since her mother doesn't know much about the entertainment industry.
【Senior Proprietress】Also...
[Sound] se00053_b
【Saito】Please don't tell Mom about what we just talked about, okay, Grandma?
【Saito】I don't want her to worry, so... Please.
【Senior Proprietress】This subject became a secret between just us after she said that...
【Shizuku】A secret between the two of you...?
【Senior Proprietress】However, I have a feeling that her mother would say the same thing as me.
【Shizuku】What...?
【Senior Proprietress】I mean, what parent doesn't want their child's dreams to come true?
【Shizuku】(She's right...)
【Shizuku】(Saito certainly seems to be placing the happiness of those she cares about above her own dream...)
【Shizuku】(And yet, those same people want her to pursue what she wants... They believe that's what will make her the happiest.)
【Shizuku】(They all care so much about each other, but... They're not on the same page at all.)
【Senior Proprietress】Oh, look at the time. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to give you our whole family's story.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Senior Proprietress】You were about to take a bath, yes? Our spring's known for being both rejuvenating and good for your skin. I hope you have a soothing bath.
[Sound] se_walk_women_004_2
【Shizuku】Oh...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a006003
[Caption] Ryusuiso - Peony Room
[Sound] se00380_b
【Len】<Huh? Shizuku, you're back already?>
【Airi】That was quick. Were the baths not open yet?
【Shizuku】No, they were...
【Shizuku】But there's something I need to discuss with all of you.
【Luka】<Did something happen just now?>
【Shizuku】Yes, so...
【Haruka】I see... Saito's grandmother is okay with her granddaughter not taking over because she wants her to be happy.
[Sound] bgm00038
【Airi】Then, doesn't that give Saito the green light to start pursuing her dream?
【Minori】But... She still said she was gonna take over even after she heard what her grandmother had to say.
【Shizuku】Exactly. Which is why...I'm not sure as to what to do right now.
【Shizuku】This is a family matter, so we don't really have any right to butt in... But if she goes through with this, I feel that neither she nor her family will end up benefitting.
【Airi】Right...
【MEIKO】<But I'm still confused as to why she's so set on taking over running this inn.>
【Miku】<Hmm... Saito's mother did say she's looking forward to her becoming the next proprietress. Maybe she doesn't want to let her down?>
【Len】<I think that's only a part of it. I'm guessing that she feels a sense of duty.>
【Len】<Remember what she said when we first got here...? She said, “I'm an only child...”>
【Shizuku】Expectations... Duty...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_b001301
[Background Change] bg_a006003
【Shizuku】I think I understand how she feels.
【Haruka】Huh...?
【Shizuku】Because when I was still in Cheerful * Days, I felt that I couldn't disappoint anyone and that I had a duty to fulfill.
[Sound] bgm00215
【KAITO】<Oh...>
【Shizuku】Before I became an idol, I wasn't nearly as good a speaker as Airi was, and it always took me so long to make any decisions...
【Shizuku】Because of that, I couldn't accept myself like I do now.
【Shizuku】But my friends submitted an application to audition for me, and I somehow ended up winning the Grand Prix...
【Shizuku】When I did, I finally came to the belief that even someone like me could help others by being an idol.
【MEIKO】<Shizuku...>
【Shizuku】That's why I felt that I couldn't disappoint anyone back then...
【Shizuku】After that, I was chosen to become the lead, which gave me a strong sense of needing to fulfill my duty. And while those feelings did fuel me for a time...
【Shizuku】As you all know, they weren't enough to keep me going.
【KAITO】<Right...>
【Shizuku】I don't want Saito to suffer the same fate.
【Shizuku】So, if it's going to make everyone happy in the end, then I want Saito to pursue her real dreams...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Len】<Why don't you tell her what you just said?>
【Shizuku】What...?
【Haruka】I agree... I think she'd respond really well to what you just said.
【Airi】I mean, Shizuku, I feel like you're the only one who can make all that clear to Saito. So I think you should go talk to her.
【Shizuku】Only I can...?
【Shizuku】Right. Then, I'll try talking to her.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b002701
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Lobby
【Saito】Oh, it's already this late...?
【Saito】(Wait, do we still have enough beer in stock? I need to check the inventory list after I'm done taking my break.)
【Saito】(Then, I have to start prepping for breakfast. We're supposed to serve salmon tomorrow, so I'm sure Minori won't know what to do with herself, and...)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a006003
[Background Change] bg_b002701
【Saito】(My mind keeps wandering every chance it gets.)
[Sound] bgm00016
【Saito】I thought I'd gotten over all that yesterday...
【Saito】...
【Saito】(Until just a little while ago, my event job partly felt almost like a hobby.)
【Saito】(I gained such a huge interest in that line of work after shaking hands with Shizuku...)
【Saito】(I knew that I'd have to take over here someday, so I figured even a part-time job in the industry would do. But...)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_b002002
[Background Change] bg_b002701
【Saito】(Seeing everyone shine on stage and the way the crowd reacted... I wanted to make more of that happen. I was willing to give it everything I had.)
【Saito】(I even started learning about how to be a manager. But I began taking things so seriously that I started forgetting about this place...)
【Saito】(No, I didn't forget. I kept myself from remembering.)
【Saito】Now I'm paying the price for that...
【Saito】(I kept doing what I wanted to while pushing aside my obligations...)
【Saito】(I knew that wouldn't last... I knew this time would come sooner or later.)
【Saito】(But I have to forget about all that now. After all, I'm an only child...)
【Saito】(I can't let my whims cause it to go out of business. And Mom's looking forward to me taking over.)
【Saito】(So...I'm okay with my decision. I mean, I don't want this inn to close down.)
【Saito】(Yes. This is fine.)
【Saito】(Or... It should be...)
【Young Child】Wait, Daddy, we're going home tomorrow?!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Father】Yes, honey. We're only here until tomorrow morning. After that, we'll be taking the car home.
【Young Child】No, I don't wanna go! I wanna stay here forever!
【Young Child】The food's so yummy! And the bathwater feels all weird and slippery! I really like it here! I don't wanna go!
【Father】Haha. You're putting me in a tough spot. But we can always come again next year. Who knows? Maybe they'll serve something even more yummy and delicious then!
【Young Child】Wait....really?! Then, we should come back again next year!
【Saito】*Sigh* I should get back to work.
【Saito】I need to check on our inventory and start prepping for breakfast while I still have—
【???】Saito!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saito】Huh...?
[Sound] se_walk_women_004_1
【Shizuku】Do you have a minute to talk?
【Saito】Shizuku...?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b002701
[Caption] Ryusuiso - Lobby
【Saito】Shizuku...?
【Saito】Is something wrong?
【Rin】<Is Shizuku gonna be okay...?>
【Airi】Don't worry.
【Airi】She always shines in these situations!
【Haruka】I agree.
【MEIKO】<We should sit back and let her do her thing.>
【MEIKO】<Let's see if Shizuku can get through to her...>
【Shizuku】There's something I need to tell you.
【Shizuku】Regarding your dream...
【Saito】...!
【Saito】No, I already said...
【Shizuku】Please, just give me a moment to explain. It's important.
【Saito】Shizuku...
【Shizuku】Your grandmother told me everything.
【Shizuku】And she believes that you pursuing your real dream would be the happiest solution.
[Sound] bgm00175
【Saito】But...
【Shizuku】After hearing that, I...
【Shizuku】I thought that it's okay for you to be more honest about how you feel and what you want.
【Shizuku】It's okay for you to want to pursue your dream of supporting idols for a living.
【Saito】*Wince*
【Saito】I know. My grandma, mom and dad all want me to be happy more than anything else.
【Saito】But...
【Saito】I have a responsibility. I have to take over running this inn! Because if I don't...!
【Shizuku】Yes, I understand how you feel.
【Shizuku】I went through something very similar when I was still with Cheerful * Days.
【Saito】Oh...
【Shizuku】Unfortunately, as you know, things didn't turn out so well for me back then.
【Shizuku】There are multiple reasons as to why...
【Shizuku】But one had to do with this compulsion to fulfill my responsibilities and not disappoint those around me.
【Shizuku】So...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_b001301
[Background Change] bg_b002701
【Shizuku】Unlike those who truly love being idols and work hard every day because they don't want to be anything else, I ended up reaching my limit.
【Saito】Shizuku...
【Shizuku】So, if you're going through what I did... If you're only doing this out of an overwhelming sense of responsibility, I want you to stop and take a step back.
【Shizuku】Then, you should ask yourself, “Is this really the path I want to go down?” and, “Will I truly be happy if I do?”
【Shizuku】I believe you should have a discussion with those around you and take some time to think before reaching a decision.
【Shizuku】Because I live with regret, and I wonder if things might have turned out better had I made better decisions...
【Saito】Yes, you might be right.
【Shizuku】Saito...
【Saito】I know what you're trying to say, Shizuku... Or rather, I realize it now after hearing what you have to say.
【Saito】I do feel an overwhelming sense of responsibility to take over this inn and keep it running.
【Saito】And I know that if I only have that for motivation... Something will probably go wrong down the line.
【Shizuku】Then...
【Saito】Even so, I can't let this inn go out of business.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】...!
【Saito】I want to become your manager really... I want to make my dream come true by supporting you and the others forever and ever.
【Saito】But this inn means just as much to me.
【Saito】It isn't precious to just me and my family. It also has a special place in the hearts of our guests.
【Saito】What... What right do I have robbing this place from them by acting so childishly?
【Senior Proprietress】That isn't acting childishly.
[Sound] se_walk_women_004_2
[Sound] se_walk_women_004_3
【Saito】Grandma...?! Mom...?! Were you both listening just now...?!
【Minori】Oh, is that Saito's...?
【Rin】<She seems really nice. Just like her mom.>
【Senior Proprietress】Let me get this straight. Are you saying that it's “childish” for someone to want to pursue what they want?
【Senior Proprietress】You're wrong about that. You aren't being childish.
【Senior Proprietress】We're talking about your dream here.
[Sound] bgm00146
【Saito】So...
【Saito】So what? That doesn't change anything. I'm still going to take over the inn...
【Senior Proprietress】If you're feeling that conflicted, I can't let you take over.
【Saito】...!
【Senior Proprietress】What Ms. Hinomori here just said is correct. You won't be able to run this place just because you feel compelled to and don't want to disappoint others.
【Senior Proprietress】This inn succeeds only when you strive to do what's best for it and its guests. That feeling needs to be genuine.
【Saito】But...
【Saito】But I do genuinely believe that! I want what's best for both this inn and its guests!
【Saito】That's why I'm so torn! I wouldn't be doing this right now if I didn't feel that way!
【Senior Proprietress】So you're “torn”? Does that mean you haven't been able to fully give up on your dream?
【Saito】...! No, I...
【Proprietress】Ayaka. Please stop robbing yourself of your dream.
【Saito】Mom...
【Proprietress】I'm sorry, but your grandmother explained to me what's been going on.
【Proprietress】I feel terrible about us placing such high expectations on you. We didn't realize that it would lead to you being forced down this one path.
【Proprietress】But you should do what you want. I don't want you to take over if it means giving up on your dream.
【Saito】That doesn't make my choice any easier.
【Saito】If I don't take over, then this inn that so many people love is gonna disappear.
【Saito】I... I don't want that to...
【Proprietress】This inn doesn't need to keep running if it takes robbing others of their happiness to do so.
【Saito】What...?
【Senior Proprietress】She's right. Ryusuiso is meant to be a place that's meant to bring happiness to all.
【Senior Proprietress】And not just the guests... Everyone who works here, too. Including you.
【Saito】Including me...?
【Proprietress】Plus, I'm not about to quit just yet, so there's no immediate need for anyone else to take over. We have time to start looking for someone.
【Proprietress】There's no rule saying that a family member has to take over. We can always see if we can hand it over to someone else.
【Senior Proprietress】Just so you know, we're not as shortsighted as you think we are.
【Senior Proprietress】If you have a dream that you really want to pursue, then you should be doing everything you can to make it come true.
【Saito】Mom, Grandma...
【Shizuku】What a wonderful family...
【Shizuku】You all care so deeply about one another... That certainly explains why this inn feels so warm and welcoming. It's an expression of the Saito family's love and affection.
【Saito】Shizuku...
【Shizuku】All that's left is for you to make your decision, Saito. But...
【Shizuku】I hope you choose a path that you won't regret taking.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saito】I... I just wanted to protect this inn...
【Saito】But... If it doesn't have to be me... If I have the option of choosing my own path...
【Saito】Then... I... I want to help idols for a living.
[Sound] bgm00194
【Saito】I want to put on events like the one where I met Shizuku for the first time. I want to put smiles on everyone's faces!
【Saito】Mom, Grandma, I'm really sorry...!
【Senior Proprietress】Go... However, now you've made your decision, you can't come crawling back. You shouldn't think of us as your safety net. We want you to commit to your dream.
【Senior Proprietress】But I think you have what it takes to make it come true, Ayaka. After all, you always put so much effort into the things you love most.
【Proprietress】You have our support. Go after what will let you be yourself and shine.
【Saito】I will.
【Saito】Thank you...!
【Shizuku】(Thank goodness Saito changed her mind.)
【Shizuku】(Even now, I still wish that things could've gone better for me back then...)
【Shizuku】(But, if I was able to convince Saito thanks to having gone through that experience, then...)
【Shizuku】(I think I've taken a step forward...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b002701
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] Ryusuiso - Lobby
【Shizuku】Do we have all our things?
【Minori】Yup, all set! Miku and the others ran a quick check for us!
【Miku】<And your tickets for the trip back are tucked away in your pockets!>
【Airi】Hehe. Sounds like we're ready! As much as I hate to, let's head out.
【Airi】Oh, we should also thank Saito and...
[Sound] se_walk_women_004_1
【Saito】You're leaving already?
[Sound] se00632
【Shizuku】Oh, your timing is impeccable! We were just about to go thank you for everything.
【Haruka】Thank you for these past three days. The food was delicious and the baths were wonderful. We feel so refreshed that it's easy to forget that we came here for work.
【Minori】Work or no work, we promise to come again!
【Saito】Hehe. The proprietress is going to enjoy hearing that. We hope to see you back again soon.
【Airi】So, we'll be leaving now, but do you know when you're going to be back in Tokyo?
【Saito】I plan on going back once the festival is over and things have settled down.
【Shizuku】Hehe. We wish you the best of luck. Also...
【Shizuku】When you do return, we'd like to have another discussion about you becoming our manager.
【Shizuku】Next time, we promise to have the details regarding your contract all sorted, including your compensation.
【Saito】Shizuku...
【Airi】Oh, of course... If you think becoming the manager of MORE MORE JUMP! isn't what you want to do, please feel free to turn us down.
【Haruka】Right. After all, you fulfilling your dream is what matters most to us.
【Saito】All of you...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saito】Thank you so much.
【Saito】I'm afraid that I not only caused Shizuku a lot of trouble, but made you all worry about me too.
【Saito】But...
【Saito】After all of that, my mind is already made up.
【Shizuku】What...?
【Saito】I don't need to see my contract.
【Saito】Please! Let me become your manager!
[Sound] bgm00192
【Minori】What?!
【Airi】W-Wait, slow down. We're not exactly in any position to talk since we rushed into asking you the other day...
【Airi】But we can't really agree to anything before we have your contract figured out. We've gotta hammer all that out first.
【Saito】No, I don't care! I owe you all an enormous debt!
【Shizuku】A debt? No, we didn't do anything like...
【Saito】No, you did!
【Saito】You turned my vague wishes into a concrete dream. You made me want to keep moving forward.
【Saito】And this time, you gave me the courage to go after my dream!
【Saito】I don't know how I'm ever going to repay you all for what you've done.
【Saito】But I promise to do what I can. I'll do anything!
【Shizuku】Saito...
【Saito】O-Okay, maybe that's going a little too far. But in any case...
【Saito】I know that being a manager is the furthest thing from easy. I'm going to have to be there for all of you during more than just events and such.
【Saito】I've never been a manager before... I've studied how to be one a little, but I'm still just a student. I have no real-world experience. Regardless...
【Saito】I vow to do everything in my power to let everyone out there know how great MORE MORE JUMP! is.
【Shizuku】Saito...
【Saito】I don't plan on receiving any special treatment just because I have zero experience. My goal will be to get this group whatever jobs you want from wherever I can.
【Saito】Until all your dreams come true.
【Saito】No, beyond that... I want to witness what you're all going to achieve.
【Shizuku】...
【Saito】So...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saito】Please, let me be your manager! I beg you!
【Shizuku】Thank you very much, Saito. Your words have left us elated.
【Saito】...! Then!
[Background Change] bg_s000244
[Sound] bgm00240
【Shizuku】We would love to have you.
【Shizuku】We know you didn't make this decision lightly, and I promise to never forget that...
【Shizuku】I'm so excited. We really get to go on this journey together.
【Shizuku】So, now that we're together.
【Shizuku】Your dreams, our dreams... Let's do our best to make them all come true!
【Saito】Shizuku...
[Background Change] bg_b002701
【Saito】Yes, let's do that!
[Background Change] bg_a000000
【Luka】<Hehe. That's so wonderful.>
【Len】<Yeah.>
[Background Change] bg_b002701
【Airi】But really, let's have another discussion soon regarding your contract...
【Minori】Yeah, since you won't be able to make a living on zero pay!
【Haruka】Of course, we won't make you sign anything like that.
【Saito】Hehe. Thank you. I'll let you all know once I'm back in Tokyo.
【Shizuku】Yes, we'll be waiting!
【Minori】Hehe. This is so great! You're really gonna be our manager!
【Minori】That means our next event's guaranteed to be super spectacular!
【Haruka】Yeah. We'll need to start hammering out all the details for that.
【Saito】I'm still in talks with that one venue, so it may be good for us to work on some of your ideas while we wait to hear back from them.
【Saito】While we're at it, would you mind sharing your schedule with me again? I'd like to book a place for our next meeting.
【Shizuku】Oh... That's so kind of you!
【Airi】Yeah, that'd be huge. We always have a hard time booking rental meeting rooms during our free time.
【Minori】Sometimes the place we want is completely booked... Whenever that happens, we have to find somewhere else on the fly, which is always really tough...
【Saito】Yes, those sorts of little things can add up to a lot of time lost. But I'll be taking care of all that from now on!
【Saito】Still, it would be nice to have a dedicated place where you could all meet and practice whenever you like. Most of the big agencies have buildings just for those purposes.
【Haruka】I suppose that's one of the drawbacks of freelancing.
【Shizuku】Yes... And it's not like we can just build one ourselves...
【Airi】Build one ourselves...
【Airi】Yeah, why don't we do that?!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】What?!
【Minori】W-We're gonna build a house?!
【Airi】That's probably out of the question. But buying isn't our only option. We can always rent.
【Airi】That seems a lot more realistic, right...?
【Airi】A place where we can practice, have meetings, shoot and edit videos—every aspect of our work. A place MORE MORE JUMP! can call home.
【Airi】We can call it... The MORE MORE HOUSE!
[Sound] se00209_b
【Haruka】The...
[Background Change] bg_a003701
【Minori】MORE MORE HOUSE?!
[Sound] bgm00000
