【Kagamine Rin — Sparkling Performance〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kagamine Rin
Card: Sparkling Performance（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 022003_rin02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Minori】One, two, three...
【Shizuku】Oh, wait. Shouldn't you be using the other leg for that?
【Minori】Ah! Urgh, you're right...
【Shizuku】Let's try that one more time, Minori. I would like to check my steps as well since I'm not very familiar with them yet.
【Minori】Shizuku... Thank you. Let's perfect our moves and give Haruka and Airi a pleasant surprise!
【Shizuku】Yes. We'll have to catch up to them quickly, after all!
【Rin】Minori, Shizuku! How's it going?
【Minori】Ah, Rin!
【Shizuku】We have been improving little by little because you let us borrow this place for practice. Thank you for that.
【Rin】You're most welcome! Say, can I join in the dance practice?
【Minori】Of course!
【Minori】Step out, hand behind, kick, tap, tap, and pose!
【Rin】Ah! Minori, that was perfect just now!
【Shizuku】Yes, you did everything smoothly with no mistakes.
【Minori】Did I really?! Yeah!
【Minori】It must be because of the advice you gave me just now!
【Shizuku】Really? Hehe, I'm glad the advice worked, then.
【Shizuku】I'm still unsure, though. I thought I had improved, but the choreography for this dance has parts that highlight each one of us individually...
【Rin】What's your part like, Shizuku?
【Shizuku】Like this. I'll turn two rounds and glance over my shoulder.
【Rin】Wow! It looks so mature and pretty!
【Minori】Yes! Like a furtive glance from a goddess...
【Shizuku】Really? Hehe, looks like I managed to pull it off, then.
【Rin】Both of you have gotten so much better!
【Rin】By the way! Can you look at my dance routine too? Turn and...pose♪
【Minori】Haugh?!
【Minori】How did you make that pose look so cute, Rin?! Th-That's not fair!
【Shizuku】Oh my? This pose looks like something Airi used to do?
【Minori】Ah! Now that you mention it...
【Rin】It is! Airi taught me how to strike that pose just now.
【Rin】Airi's amazing, isn't she? Her dance moves are perfect, and she even thinks about where to place her fingers for the best poses!
【Shizuku】I know what you mean. Airi's dancing may simply seem energetic at first glance, but she puts a lot of thought into every move she makes.
【Shizuku】She always tries to think of the best way to make the fans feel more excited about what they're watching...
【Minori】Haruka said something like that too.
【Minori】Something about how we'll naturally get better at dancing if we focus on the feelings of those watching us, right?
【Minori】I'm not at a level where I can think about such things yet, but I know I want to get there one day!
【Rin】You will! This SEKAI is the best proof of that!
【Minori】What?
【Rin】Remember that this SEKAI was born from all of your feelings?
【Rin】Anyone whose feelings were beautiful enough to create this amazing SEKAI can definitely make their dreams come true!
【Minori】Thank you!
【Shizuku】It's so strange. When Rin says it like that, it really does make me feel like our dreams are within easy reach.
【Minori】Yeah! I'm all pumped up and ready to take action now!
【Minori】Rin! Can you watch my dance routine one more time?
【Rin】Sure! Let's all do what we can to become the ideal idol!
[Sound] bgm00000
