【Megurine Luka — Guiding Hand〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Megurine Luka
Card: Guiding Hand（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 024003_luka01

[Background Change] bg_f000701
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Luka】What a beautiful, starlit sky...
【Luka】...
【Luka】I can't reach any of them no matter how much I stretch my hand out. Hehe... Silly me. Of course I can't.
【Luka】But I'm sure she can definitely...
【Miku】Luka, there you are.
【Luka】Hello, Miku. Finished practicing?
【Miku】Yes. Penny for your thoughts, Luka?
【Luka】Well, I was just thinking about her. Ichika.
【Miku】Ichika... Her true feelings are right in front of her, yet she doesn't seem to acknowledge them.
【Luka】Despite that, she's still doing what she can to reach out to Honami right now.
【Luka】So I made a wish to the stars that she'll be able to convey her feelings properly.
【Miku】Her feelings of wanting to be together like before, huh?
【Luka】Yes. Ichika and the girls don't know Honami's true feelings.
【Luka】That's why they think allowing Honami to continue sticking close to her other friends may be for the best.
【Miku】I hope Honami can tell them her true feelings one day too...
【Luka】She may not because she's too good-natured. That's why she's struggling too. She's not sure what to do.
【Miku】Not being able to tell the people you like that you want to spend time together is just...
【Miku】Just speak your mind. Why the hesitation?
【Luka】Do you need me, Miku?
【Miku】Huh?
【Luka】Do you want to be with me forever?
【Miku】Wh-What's this, all of a sudden?
【Luka】I'm still waiting for your answer.
【Miku】I-I... Um...
【Luka】Hehe. See? It's not that easy to speak your mind without any hesitation, right?
【Miku】W-Wait a minute, that has nothing to do with this... Oh, come on...
【Luka】Some things are hard to convey properly, even among those who know each other well.
【Luka】It's understandable that those who have drifted apart for a time would be even more cautious as a result.
【Luka】But they're working up the courage to reach out.
【Luka】They're all still within reach, unlike this starlit sky.
【Miku】You're right... And I'm sure they'll succeed.
【Miku】After all, if Honami is truly already out of Ichika's reach...
【Miku】Her feelings wouldn't be a part of this SEKAI at all.
【Luka】Yes. This SEKAI is full of their feelings.
【Luka】The plushies in the classroom, the star chart on the blackboard...
【Luka】Even this beautiful starry night sky is a part of everyone's memories.
【Luka】It must be something deeply engraved in their hearts.
【Miku】That's why I said they shouldn't be so hesitant...
【Luka】Hehe, I know it's frustrating, but let's have faith in them and watch over them together, alright?
【Luka】Until they can all find their true feelings.
【Miku】Okay...
【Luka】Ah, a shooting star.
【Miku】Great! I'm going to make a wish too. I wish that the girls will be able to convey their true feelings to each other!
【Luka】Hehe. Thank you, Miku.
[Sound] bgm00000
