【MEIKO — Use A Rabbit As A Springboard?!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: Use A Rabbit As A Springboard?!（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: The Moon Rabbit & Us
scenarioId: 025012_meiko02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【MEIKO】Okay, my costume's all ready and so is everything else for this show.
【MEIKO】All that's left is for me to stay focused and keep practicing. Hehe. I'm so excited!
【Miku】MEIKO, hello!
【MEIKO】Miku! Luka! Hi there♪
【Luka】You're doing a moon viewing show, right? I can't wait to see it♪
【Miku】How's everything going for it? Do you need any help?
【MEIKO】Thanks, but I think I'm all set♪ It's ready to go off without a hitch.
【Miku】Really? It's so amazing how you're able to plan entire shows by yourself.
【Luka】Yes, it really is. I'm looking forward to seeing it very much♪
【Miku】I also remember seeing some Japanese-looking clothes lying around... Are you planning on wearing them during your show?
【MEIKO】Yes, aren't they gorgeous? They fit in with the show's theme so nicely too.
【MEIKO】Not only that, I'm hoping to do things a little differently during this show compared to normal.
【Luka】Different how?
【Miku】What are you going to do?
【MEIKO】Hehe. Why don't I just show you with a special sneak peek?
【MEIKO】My plan is to divide the entire show into three separate parts.
【Miku】Three parts?
【MEIKO】Yes. Minori and the others explained to me how moon viewing celebrations evolved over the course of history.
【MEIKO】That's why I want the crowd to also experience how things change as time passes♪
【Luka】Oh, that sounds so interesting. What did you have in mind specifically?
【MEIKO】First, I'll start with a Heian period theme.
【MEIKO】I'll wear something that looks like a traditional twelve-layered kimono while playing music that features kotos and flutes♪
【Miku】Yes, that would be quite different from what you usually do.
【MEIKO】Right? I was also thinking about working in some traditional Japanese dances into my routine.
【MEIKO】By dimming the spotlight, it could act as the moon that the nobles saw in ye olde times while the audience gets to celebrate it now.
【Luka】My, what a wonderful idea♪
【Miku】What comes after that?
【MEIKO】Part two will be more about how commoners integrated moon viewings into their fall harvest celebrations.
【MEIKO】And part three would bring us back to the present. Here, we'll all sing and dance to some fun music, while looking up at the same moon♪
【Miku】That's so cool! It's one big party from start to finish♪
【Luka】I agree. I had fun just listening to your explanation♪
【MEIKO】Hehe. Thanks♪
【MEIKO】I'm essentially doing three different shows all at once this time, so my goal is to show everyone a different MEIKO during each part.
【MEIKO】Part one in particular, the one about the Heian period, since I'll need to present myself with grace and serenity.
【Miku】A graceful and serene MEIKO... You're going to look so beautiful.
【Luka】I agree. Especially considering how you're usually so cute and full of energy during your shows.
【Luka】Your audience might not know what to do with themselves after they see you in such a new light♪
【MEIKO】Thanks, you two!
【MEIKO】However, I am somewhat concerned about how my fans will react when they see me present myself that way.
【MEIKO】I'm sort of wondering if I pushed the envelope a little too far with this show.
【Luka】Hehe. I'm sure they won't mind.
【Luka】If I were one of your fans, I would love you no matter what you wear or how you look.
【Miku】Me too♪
【Miku】Like Luka said, they really might go even more head over heels for you after they see you do this!
【MEIKO】Hehe. Thanks...!
【MEIKO】You're both right! This is the show I envisioned in my head. Something unique and spectacular.
【MEIKO】I'll be sure to follow through until the end and make it an instant classic!
【Luka】Good luck, MEIKO. I'll be cheering you on.
【Miku】Me too♪ And feel free to ask us for help if you ever need it!
【MEIKO】Yes, thank you, I will! The new MEIKO's going to put on a moon viewing show the likes of which have never been seen before♪
[Sound] bgm00000
