【Aoyagi Toya — Vivid Monochrome〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: Vivid Monochrome（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Break Down the Wall
scenarioId: 012031_touya02

[Background Change] bg_c002501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Alleyway
[Sound] se00173_b
【Luka】Let's see...
【Luka】Ah, here! It's this one!
【Rin】Wow, you were right! This looks just like the place in the picture you brought over, Toya!
【Toya】Yes... I remember going to Vienna when I was little, and this place closely resembles it.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【Rin】Whoa! So many travel magazines...! Oh, there's even a photobook!
[Sound] bgm00054
【Miku】You brought all of these over, Toya?
【Toya】Yes, because the streets of that new area are from countries from around the world.
【Toya】You all seemed very interested in them, so I decided to bring these over for when you wanted to learn more about them.
【Toya】However, this is just what we had at my house, so they may be skewed in the places they cover...
【KAITO】No, that's completely fine! Thank you for bringing these over, Toya!
【Len】Oh, this person took pictures while walking across the United States! A 5,000-km photo shoot! How awesome is that?!
【Kohane】Wow, these photos are beautiful... I'd love to see the northern lights someday.
【An】Huh? There's a photo album mixed in...
【An】Are you sure about us looking at this, Toya?
【Toya】Hm? Oh, that's...
【Toya】I decided to bring it over since it contains a lot of old photos from our trips to Vienna.
【Akito】That reminds me. You said the other day how you and your family always went to go see that music festival in Vienna every year...
【Toya】Yes, and these are the photos from then.
【Miku】Wow, these buildings are so pretty. Not only that...
【MEIKO】Hehe. Look at little Toya. He's so cute.
【Len】Yeah, he is! This looks like your dad... But who's this old guy?
【Toya】Oh, he taught conducting at the music school. I remember him being very nice to me. He even went out of his way to bake cookies for me.
【Toya】That one looks like... One of the post-concert socials. A few of the other children were the same age as me, and they had us take a group photo...
【Akito】No matter how many times I hear about his family...
【Kohane】Y-Yeah... Their world seems so different from ours...
【Luka】Oh!
【Luka】Kohane, take a look at this one! The alleyway behind Toya is the spitting image of the one that appeared in SEKAI!
【Kohane】Huh? Oh, you're right... We did walk down one that looked just like this.
【Toya】You did...? I'd like to see it sometime if possible.
【Luka】Then, why don't we go right now?
【Toya】Now?
【Luka】Yes, because how fun would it be to compare it with the photo?!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c002501
【Toya】(This really does look just like the Vienna I saw when I was little...)
[Sound] bgm00024
【Toya】(I remember seeing so many resounding performances in this city. And the expectation was that I'd be able to do the same someday...)
【Toya】(I still feel bad about not living up to those expectations. However, I...)
【Len】Hey, check out this graffiti! Doesn't it look cool?!
【Kohane】Oh, you're right. The white lettering kind of makes it feel hip and trendy.
【An】I was thinking this when I saw it in those pictures Toya showed us, but it's really surprising that even Vienna has graffiti!
【Akito】Yeah, it was. I always thought Vienna would be spotless for some reason.
【Toya】Yes, I remember seeing quite a lot under the bridges that spanned the Donaukanal.
【Toya】That takes me back... My dad always scowled whenever he spotted it.
【Toya】As such, he never let me look at any up close like this.
【Miku】To be fair, it's easy for people who aren't used to seeing graffiti to take it as a bad sign.
【Toya】Yes, I always used to tie graffiti to unsafe areas when I was little.
【Toya】(But now...)
【Toya】(I've broken free from classical music, and I've been accepted by streets like this, covered in graffiti.)
【Toya】(Back then, I never would've thought to go near any places like this. But they've given me strength, warmth and so much more.)
【Toya】(Dad trained me in classical music, but I've met new people who've shared a dream with me through street music. They're both important parts of who I am now.)
【Toya】(And I plan on using everything I've experienced...to propel myself forward.)
【Toya】(As well as my dear friends. We're going to see what it's like from on top of the world!)
[Sound] bgm00000
