【Megurine Luka — Wiping Away Twilight Rain〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Megurine Luka
Card: Wiping Away Twilight Rain（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: First Star After the Rain
scenarioId: 024005_luka01

[Background Change] bg_f000102
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Luka】The stars are always so beautiful here...hmm?
【Saki】Ah, Luka! Hello there.
【Luka】Hello there, Saki. I haven't seen you since we used the rooftop as a play-planetarium.
【Luka】I'm glad you seem to be in good health today.
【Saki】Thanks! Actually, I brought some photos that Hona took for us the other day.
【Luka】Oh...these are shots from the play-planetarium.
【Luka】Hehe. They're very well taken.
【Saki】I know! Please show them to Miku too.
【Luka】Yes, I will.
【Luka】And now you can tell me what you're really here for.
【Saki】Ah... Haha, you can really read me like an open book.
【Saki】Um, I'm here to say thanks, actually.
【Luka】For?
【Saki】Well, for listening to me.
【Saki】You told me back then that there was no need for me to rush.
【Saki】I think those words really put me at great ease.
【Saki】That's why I'm all better now. It's all because of you, Luka. So thank you very much!
【Luka】Hehe. You're very welcome.
【Luka】You didn't have to worry about it at all, really.
【Luka】All of you found your true feelings in this SEKAI.
【Luka】And you let us hear the wonderful songs that were born from those feelings.
【Luka】To Miku and myself, that's more than enough thanks.
【Luka】So now, just go out there and do whatever you like, and enjoy life to your heart's content.
【Luka】That's what we want to see all of you doing.
【Saki】Luka...
【Saki】It's so reassuring to have someone like you and Miku I can look up to as my seniors!
【Saki】Um... If I ever need help for anything in the future, can I drop by to talk to you again, in secret?
【Luka】Hehe. Without telling Ichika, Shiho, and Honami?
【Saki】Yes. Secretly and without letting them know!
【Luka】Yes, there are some things you wouldn't be able to share freely with those who've known you since you were little.
【Luka】If you don't mind, I'm happy to lend you a listening ear anytime you like. Miku would say the same thing too.
【Saki】Okay! Thank you, Luka!
【Luka】It's already quite late. Let's stop for today, shall we?
【Saki】Okay. Good night!
【Luka】Yes, good night to you too, Saki.
【Miku】Looks like Saki's made a full recovery.
【Luka】Yes, she has. Miku, you didn't come in just now so that it would be easier for Saki to speak with me, right?
【Luka】You were outside the classroom from halfway through.
【Miku】Yup. She just recovered from an illness. It wouldn't be nice for me to make her stay.
【Miku】Besides, Saki's here to thank you today, wasn't she? I didn't want to be in the way.
【Luka】Oh, is that why? But she said it's so reassuring to have someone like Miku she can look up to—
【Miku】Um, well, that's...
【Luka】(Hehe. Oh, Miku. You heard what she said, didn't you?)
【Luka】(Maybe you didn't come in because you were blushing?)
【Miku】Luka? Why are you staring at me like that?
【Luka】Hehe, nothing in particular.
[Sound] bgm00000
