【Mochizuki Honami — Happy Birthday! 2024〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Mochizuki Honami
Card: Happy Birthday! 2024（BD）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 003032_honami02

[Background Change] bg_a001501
[Caption] Shibuya Park
【Ichika】Some other friends are here to express their gratitude to you.
【Ichika】Ah, they're over there.
[Sound] se00171_b
【Honami】Oh, Ms. Yoisaki! Ena and Mizuki too!
【Kanade】Hoshino contacted me, so I wanted to celebrate—um... I mean, participate in Gratitude Day.
【Kanade】I figured that Ena and Mizuki would be free, so I reached out to them and we came over here together.
【Ena】Happy birthday, Honami! Here's the gift all three of us picked out for you.
【Mizuki】They're accessories. We picked designs that weren't flashy, so I'm sure these would work with casual outfits too.
【Honami】Wow, thank you very much! I'll be sure to use these.
【Ena】Yeah, wear them as much as you want.
【Mizuki】We wanted to express our gratitude in some way. We're really thankful for you taking care of Kanade.
【Honami】It's my pleasure. But I don't really do all that much.
【Kanade】That's not true at all. Thanks to you keeping the house so clean, I'm able to feel comfortable at home.
【Kanade】And you make meals that are easy to heat up and taste delicious, which helps me have more of an appetite.
【Ena】It's plenty amazing that you can get Kanade to eat proper meals, since she used to skip them without a second thought whenever she was in the zone.
【Mizuki】To be honest, we would love it if you could take care of Kanade forever.
【Honami】Hehe. I'd be happy to.
【Ena】Ah, sorry. I need to head off for school soon.
【Mizuki】We won't be able to join you for the rest either since we also have places to be soon, but please send our regards to the others♪
【Honami】The others...?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003401
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] Nonogi Park
[Sound] se00173_b
【Ichika】Here's our last stop.
【Tsukasa】Ah, they're here!
【Emu】Honami! Everybody! Welcome wonderhoy♪
【Honami】Oh! I didn't realize you would all be here!
【Tsukasa】We wouldn't miss it! Thank you for always taking care of Saki!
【Rui】Thank you for being good friends with Nene, as well.
【Nene】Hey, stop that. It's not like you're my dad.
【Nene】But anyway, I'm glad that we became friends. Looking forward to spending more time together.
【Emu】Me too! You're my friend forever and ever, Honami!
【Honami】Yes, I feel exactly the same.
【Tsukasa】And now, it is time for a special performance from Wonderlands×Showtime!
【Saki】Woohoo! You got this Tsukasa, everyone!
[Sound] se00340_b
【Rui】Today's show will be an interactive one, where the audience will be faced with decisions at certain moments.
【Rui】Please discuss amongst yourselves and choose the option that will lead us to a happy ending.
【Kohane】Wow! Sounds like fun!
【Honami】It does. Let's do our best, everyone!
【Ichika】Yeah!
【Nene】Without further ado, the special show “Tensel and Emutel” will now begin.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000243
[Sound] bgm00241
【Kanade】Happy birthday, Ms. Mochizuki.
【Ena & Mizuki】Happy birthday!
【Mizuki】I heard that Tsukasa and his troupe's show was really good! I wish I didn't have work so I could've seen it.
【Ena】I kind of wanted to see it too. But I heard from Emu that Honami enjoyed it, so that's all that matters.
【Kanade】Yeah. We weren't able to stay until the very end, but I'm glad that we were able to give our birthday wishes in person.
【Mizuki】Oh yeah, true that! If you're ever free, let's hang out again sometime, Honami♪
【Kohane】Happy birthday, Honami!
【Minori, Haruka & Shizuku】Happy birthday!
【Minori】I heard from Kohane that you guys were able to get a happy ending! It's too bad this overlapped with work, otherwise we could've joined too.
【Haruka】It was a show based on Hansel and Gretel that ended with them making peace with the Witch, right?
【Kohane】Yeah. It wasn't an easy journey, but thanks to Honami listening carefully to the Witch and knowing when to choose to fight back, we got there in the end.
【Shizuku】I'm sure Honami's kindness helped you all find the path that led to everyone being happy.
【Haruka】I agree. Mochizuki is such a wonderful and caring person.
【Shizuku】She is. I hope you never change, Honami.
【Tsukasa】Honami! Happy birthday! Good job in choosing to meet with the Witch again at the finale of the show! It wasn't an easy choice.
【Rui】If you had picked otherwise and the kids went on their way, it would've led to the Witch chasing them down and caused more conflict.
【Nene】I mean, the actual tale of Hansel and Gretel ends with them defeating the Witch and getting to return home, so that would've been fine too...
【Emu】But then Honami was like “we don't know anything about her, so we shouldn't assume she's a bad person. I'd like to let them meet again.”
【Nene】The way Mochizuki made those decisions was so cool. I want to learn to have that same kind of strength.
【Saki】Hona! How did you like Gratitude Day? Did you have fun?
【Ichika】She was having a hard time deciding which choice to make at certain points in the show, but I guess that just means she was serious about it.
【Shiho】Yeah. Honami was a lot more invested in the characters' happiness than any of us.
【Shiho】I mean, it was just a show... But it's very much like her to give it that much thought.
【Ichika】Still, we can't keep relying on Honami's kindness all the time, so we need to put in the work too.
【Saki】You said it! If anything, we should be spoiling Hona like we did today!
【Shiho】I guess you heard it here, Honami. Just remember that you can rely on us now and again, okay?
[Background Change] bg_f000701
【Honami】The Gratitude Day Saki and the others prepared really was fun.
【Honami】I didn't think so many people would be a part of it.
【Honami】Hehe. Getting all these wonderful birthday wishes makes me want to work even harder this year.
【Honami】Thank you for wishing me a happy birthday too, everyone. Let's meet again in SEKAI.
[Sound] bgm00000
