【Momoi Airi — Baking Sweets In Secret〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Baking Sweets In Secret（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Secret Operation Valentine's Day
scenarioId: 007014_airi01

[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Diner
【Airi】I hereby open the inaugural meeting of our Secret Valentine's Day Alliance! Let's get started, you two!
【Saki & Emu】Yeah♪
【Emu】So what are we gonna talk about today?
【Airi】Our topic today will be “What do you want to bake?”
【Airi】That's based on all the ideas you both told me about at school earlier, remember?
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a002201
【Airi】I see... Saki, you're wondering how to actually surprise everyone, while Emu doesn't know how to make her gifts.
【Emu】Yeah! I wanna make some shiny star cookies, chocolate robots and a cake that looks like a show stage!
[Background Change] bg_a001101
【Airi】So today, I'm hoping that we can use that as a springboard to really figure out what we want to make or bake for Valentine's Day!
【Airi】Which leads me to my next question. Do you two have anything specific in mind already?
【Saki】I mean, Valentine's Day equals chocolates or something chocolatey, right...?
【Saki】But no, I still don't really have a good idea of what to give everyone.
【Emu】Me neither, but I know that I want to make a cake that'll make Tsukasa and the others go, “Wow!”
【Emu】Oh, I also wanna decorate it with lots of other delicious sweets, like chocolates, cookies and macarons!
【Saki】That's a great idea. Then it'd be like a goodie bag of treats!
【Airi】Yeah, that is pretty good!
【Airi】(It'll definitely be enough to surprise everyone, but I still think we can do a little more.)
【Airi】(Also, Saki seems to be better at coming up with an overall theme for surprises like this.)
【Airi】(Oh, but...)
【Airi】(Neither of them seems to have much experience baking sweets, so on top of me helping them out, our base needs to be something we can all make.)
【Airi】(Emu even mentioned something about turning a cake or something into a show stage.)
【Airi】(Then, let's go with...!)
【Airi】Alright, you two, I've got an idea! Mind listening up for a second?
【Saki】Okay! What sort of idea?
【Airi】You two seem to have plenty of ideas for decorations and what you want to do with them, but what if we all had the same base for them?
【Emu】Oh, like a matching trio!
【Saki】Yeah! It also means we'd have Airi there to help us every step of the way!
【Airi】Exactly. Not only will it make this whole process easier, but it'll also be more of a hands-on learning experience!
【Airi】And in the event that one of us makes a mistake, we'd still be able to share ingredients with each other as insurance.
【Emu】Y-You're even prepared for that...?! What if Airi's really a baking goddess in disguise...?!
【Saki】Yeah! That also means she's our goddess!
【Airi】Settle down, you two. I'd really rather not be put on a pedestal like that.
【Airi】Regardless, I was thinking that we could each bake a chocolate cake to serve as a base.
【Emu】Oh, that'd be perfect for Valentine's Day!
【Saki】Yeah, but why chocolate cakes?
【Airi】First, a cake would make what Emu wants to do possible since she'd be able to decorate it pretty freely.
【Airi】Second, we can bounce decoration ideas off of each other.
【Airi】So it's okay that you're still undecided, Saki, since this should at least help you get started.
【Saki】That makes so much sense!
【Airi】However, this is gonna be the most important part.
【Airi】It'll be up to you two to decide how you want to decorate your cakes.
【Saki】Oh... R-Right...! What should I do...?
【Emu】Hehe. I'm gonna decorate my stage with lots and lots of show stuff☆
【Airi】Hehe. Looks like Emu's all set with her “show stage” cake theme.
【Airi】This might be a good time for you to also choose a theme, Saki.
【Saki】A theme...?
【Airi】Yeah. What sort of theme do you think will make your friends the happiest?
【Saki】What would make Ichi and the girls the happiest...?
【Saki】Hmm... Oh, a show!
【Saki】We started playing at live houses recently, so they'll probably really love it if I also made my cake look like a show stage!
【Airi】Yeah, a show's a great idea!
【Airi】Alright, now that we all have a theme in mind, we can start working out the details!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Airi】Alright, let's take everything we discussed today to figure out specific plans for each of our cakes!
【Saki & Emu】Okay!
【Saki】Hehe. We learned so much about baking cakes and sweets in just one day!
【Saki】I always thought cakes had to be round or square. I never knew that you could make them look like hearts or stars!
【Emu】Me neither! I always thought that only patisseries could make those!
【Airi】Hehe. This rabbit hole goes pretty deep. I recommend looking at some baking sites online for reference.
【Saki】I will! And thank you so much for doing all this for us today, Airi!
【Emu】Hehe. Our cakes are gonna be so amazingly wonderhoy because of you, Airi!
【Airi】I'm just glad I could help both of you!
【Airi】But you bring up a good point. Let's make the best chocolate cakes we can and give everyone a Valentine's Day gift that they'll never forget!
【Saki, Emu & Airi】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
