【Shiraishi An — Acknowledging That Pain〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Shiraishi An
Card: Acknowledging That Pain（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Turning Pain Into Drive
scenarioId: 010043_an01

[Background Change] bg_c002501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Plaza
【Len】What you did just now was so cool, An!
【Miku】Yes, that was staggering. Where did you learn that technique?
【An】Hmm... It just came to me, you know?
【An】Remember how we got to stay in the academy's dorms and sing with the students there?!
【An】After hearing the way they improvise and rearrange songs, I've been trying out a bunch of new things!
【Toya】I see. That would explain why you've been trying your hand at all those difficult singing techniques.
【Akito】Yeah. Every time you try, you either hit it out of the park or whiff like no other.
【An】Hey, I'm not expecting all of my experiments to succeed!
【Kohane】Hehe. I actually really enjoy seeing you trying out all those different techniques, An.
【An】Thank you, Kohane! That's what I wanted to hear!
【An】Anyway, since that last part ended up going so well, wanna sing it again?
【Kohane】Yeah!
【An】Okay! Then, here we go!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00190
【Luka】Oh, that went even better!
【An】Woohoo! Then, I think I'll give this other technique I've been meaning to try out a whirl!
【Rin】Oh, you're gonna try something else?! I wanna hear what it's like!
【Akito】That one also sounded pretty good. I just came up with something, so mind if I try it out?
【An】Go for it!
【Toya】I see... A new idea to complement Shiraishi's techniques.
【Kohane】Oh, in that case, I'd like to make a suggestion... It should help give our singing a little more depth.
【Toya】Then, I'd like to make a suggestion as well.
【An】No problem! Let's keep trying everything we can!
【Kohane】How did that sound?
【Akito】Not bad, but I feel like it's missing something.
【Toya】I definitely hesitated a little during that transition. I'll do a better job of getting in sync with you next time.
【KAITO】In that case, I can try counting you in. That should make it easier for you to sing in unison.
[Sound] bgm00000
【An】Awesome! That was our best attempt yet!
【Akito】Yeah, we did what we set out to do.
[Sound] se00061_b
【An】Alright, while that's still fresh in our minds, we should—
【MEIKO】Stop right there! Could you all wait a second?
【An】MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Sorry for throwing you off your groove, but you should take a break. You've already been at it for four hours.
[Sound] bgm00024
【An】What?
【Akito】Really? We've been at it that long...?
【Len】We had no idea either!
【Miku】You were all totally focused on perfecting this song.
【Luka】It was fun to watch MEIKO's brow get increasingly furrowed with each passing hour.
【MEIKO】If you were aware, then you should've spoken up.
【MEIKO】In any case, it's break time! I'll need some of you to help me bring the drinks I made over from the cafe.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【An】I brought over those bottles like you asked, MEIKO...!
[Sound] bgm00054
【MEIKO】Thank you. Could you put them over there for me?
【An】Okay!
【KAITO】Still, those four hours just flew by as you practiced, didn't they?
【Kohane】Yes, they did. I think that was because we spent time trying out all those different ideas.
【An】Haha! Things really snowballed as soon as we started testing things out.
【Kohane】Yeah, because that first idea made us think of even more ideas that we thought would really work.
【An】Exactly! And we couldn't stop coming up with ideas after things got going!
【An】Which is why singing with you guys is so much fun!
【An】(There really is nothing better than having teammates who all are serious about reaching the top!)
[Sound] bgm00000
