【Kagamine Rin — Lit By The Screen〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kagamine Rin
Card: Lit By The Screen（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Backlight, Lens Flare
scenarioId: 022034_rin01

[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Rin】Thanks for bringing a copy of that film over for us, you guys♪ It was sooo good☆
【Emu】Hehe. I'm glad you liked it so much!
【MEIKO】Even after we finished watching it, you asked to rewatch all those scenes over and over!
【Rin】Because I wanted to go back and revisit those scenes at the end! I wanted to remember who did what and who talked to who!
【Rui】Hehe. We all seemed to enjoy it, but you definitely showed the most interest, Rin.
【Nene】When it's ready, we'll bring over the one we're shooting now. I'm sure it'll be fun to compare this to that.
【Emu】Yeah, since the stories are so different!
【Miku】Oh, really?! I can't wait to see what it's about☆
【Tsukasa】Then, I can show you my copy of the script. I just happened to bring it by today.
【Miku】Really?!
【Rin】Yes, I wanna see♪
【Tsukasa】Of course! Here it is!
[Sound] se00658
【Luka】Oh, it's a real script for a real movie!
【Len】Let's start going through it!
【Rin】Okay☆
[Sound] se00674
[Sound] se00674
【Rin】Hmmmm... So many hard words! I don't get what's going on!
【Nene】Yeah, there's more than a few of those. It is sort of meant for a grown-up audience.
【Rin】Right...
【Rin】But you guys all appear together in one scene, right? I wanna see that☆
【Rui】We appear in Scene 15... Ah, it's this page.
[Sound] se00122_b
【Emu】When the protagonist and his sister go for a walk on the beach, right?!
【Len】Really?! What kinds of roles do you guys play?
【Emu】I'm Girl C, who sits on a bench while feeding the pigeons!
【Rui】I'm Young Man E, who gazes at the sea while leaning against the fence.
【Nene】I'm playing Girl J, who's having a picnic on the grass...
【Tsukasa】And I am Young Man A! The fellow admiring some flowers whilst squatting next to them!
【Rin】Wow, that sounds like fun! I can't wait to see you guys during this scene☆
【Nene】Oh, fair warning... The possibility still remains that our scene doesn't make the final cut. It's not like any of us are speaking.
【Rin】What?! Is that true?! But you still have to work really hard on playing your characters... I didn't realize how brutal filmmaking can be...!
【Nene】Brutal... Yeah, that might be a good way to put it.
【Nene】But this is also a golden opportunity for us since we get to work with a professional film crew.
【Tsukasa】Right. And now, not only get to be in the film, we even get to help the production team.
【Tsukasa】This is going to be a learning experience the likes of which we've never before encountered!
【Rui】I agree. We get to work alongside professionals working to complete this film...
【Rui】In that sense, film and theatre are one and the same. So, we should try to learn as much as we can wherever we go.
【Emu】Yeah☆ I'm gonna talk to as many of the crew members as I can and learn lots and lots from them!
【KAITO】You all sound very excited about this opportunity.
【MEIKO】Yes, it's clear that you're all raring to get started on it!
【Rin】Yeah♪ I know that things might get tough...
【Rin】But I promise to give you all the support I can☆
[Sound] bgm00000
