【Asahina Mafuyu — Nightcord at 25:00〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Asahina Mafuyu
Card: Nightcord at 25:00（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 018002_mafuyu02

[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Diner
【Ena】It's what, the third time we're meeting here?
【Mizuki】It's becoming our regular haunt! I'm glad I suggested it♪
【Ena】At first, I thought it was really unnecessary to have a hangout at the diner just because we released a song.
【Ena】Isn't that hard on you, Kanade? You don't really like going out, right?
【Kanade】I wouldn't like to meet up in person all the time, but if it's only every now and then...
【Ena】Phew, I was worried you hated it!
【Mizuki】How about you, Mafuyu?
【Mafuyu】I'm okay with this.
【Mizuki】Sweet! Let's start our celebratory party when the food gets here! You need to eat something proper, Kanade, you can't live off instant noodles!
【Kanade】My housekeeper cooked dinner for me yesterday. I eat normal food too.
【Ena】Your HOUSEKEEPER?! You hired a housekeeper?
【Kanade】Yeah. It frees up time for me to work on music, and I get healthy homemade meals cooked for me. She cooks for me twice a week and cleans.
【Mizuki】Haha, making music really is your life, huh.
【Mafuyu】Hmm...
【Mafuyu】I think your housekeeper may be a girl from my school.
【Kanade】What? Ms. Mochizuki's from the same school as you? How did you know?
【Mafuyu】A girl from my club that I talk to often told me her friend works as domestic help.
【Ena】Wait, what? You talk to people at school? What's she like?
【Mafuyu】I don't know how to describe her... Her name's Shizuku Hinomori, and she's a famous idol, but I don't really know about the things she does outside school.
【Ena】Hold on a sec! Shizuku Hinomori who used to be the front girl of Cheerful * Days?!
【Mizuki】Oh yeah, she quit that group, no? I had no idea she was in the same school as Mafuyu. Nice!
【Mizuki】She's really beautiful, isn't she? Unlike Ena.
【Ena】Excuse me? She may have a more memorable face, but my overall silhouette is—
【Mizuki】Ena's always pushing her little bust up for photos, trying to make it look bigger.
【Ena】Where's this coming from? I don't do that!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Mafuyu】Can you two calm down?
[Sound] bgm00027
【Ena & Mizuki】?!
【Mafuyu】You interrupted me.
【Mizuki】Oh, wow... So this is what Mafuyu's like when she's angry...
【Ena】The pressure is overwhelming...
【Mafuyu】I didn't say that in anger. But...maybe I was angry?
【Mafuyu】You might have helped me make a new discovery. Thank you.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Ena & Mizuki】(Her eyes aren't smiling at all!)
[Sound] bgm00006
【Kanade】So we were talking about why you think my housekeeper's from your school?
【Mafuyu】Yes. It's an unusual occupation for a high school student, so I immediately thought it might be her.
【Kanade】That'd be a remarkable coincidence.
【Mizuki】Speaking of coincidences!
【Mizuki】My classmate An formed a group with two boys from our school and a girl from Miyamasuzaka. They sing together.
【Mizuki】And I swear she mentioned one of the members is called Shinonome.
【Mizuki】Could it be your younger brother, Ena? Didn't he tell you about it?
【Ena】Nah. We don't talk about stuff like that.
【Mizuki】What, you don't even care to know about your brother's hobbies? Poor Akito has such an unsympathetic sister.
【Ena】I'm just not interested in his music.
【Mafuyu】The world's so small, isn't it?
【Mafuyu】We met online but it turned out we all live in the same city, and here we are gathered around a table, having a meal at a local diner.
【Kanade】Is that something you're happy about or not?
【Mafuyu】I don't know...
【Mafuyu】I don't think I'm disappointed.
【Kanade】That's good.
【Mizuki】I think it's great to be able to meet up and have a meal together!
【Mizuki】Wooo, my fries arrived!
【Ena】You always order fries when we come here.
【Mizuki】Because I looove fries♪ You're welcome to them, too! I'll eat them when they're not so hot.
【Kanade】You're still so sensitive to hot food, Mizuki.
【Mafuyu】Thanks for sharing, but better hurry up and have some before they're all gone.
【Mizuki】Nooo! When you say that, I can't tell if you're joking!
【Mafuyu】Thanks for the fries.
[Sound] bgm00000
