【MEIKO — Heat's My Game〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: Heat's My Game（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Unsteady, Still Steady Step
scenarioId: 025047_meiko01

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Luka】Hehe. You seem awfully happy, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Of course I'm happy. The girls just got their first solo show scheduled.
【MEIKO】They've been working so hard since even before going pro. I'm ecstatic that their efforts are paying off.
【KAITO】Me too.
【MEIKO】They just keep getting better and better as performers. Plus, this is their first solo show as professionals, so they seem incredibly motivated.
【MEIKO】I'm sure it'll be a fantastic show.
【KAITO】They were saying how they want to use all the right effects.
【Luka】Yes, and they were discussing the show's overall concept too. They seem determined to make sure the audience goes home smiling.
【MEIKO】Haha. I really can't wait.
【MEIKO】We'll have to give them as much support as we can, so they can focus on putting on a great show!
【MEIKO】Still, its overall concept...
【MEIKO】What would you two choose if you could put on your own solo shows?
【Luka】Well, in my case... I'd want to put on a show where I get to sing with everyone.
【KAITO】Sing with everyone?
【Luka】Depending on the song, I'd also want them to just listen... But for others, I'd want them to sing along.
【Luka】By singing together, I'm sure we could share all our feelings together.
【MEIKO】That's wonderful! I'd also love to do a show where we all sang with each other. It's such a great way to unite the venue!
【MEIKO】What about you, KAITO? Any ideas?
【KAITO】I'd just want to play music...
【KAITO】I'm not very good at interacting with the audience... But I can share my feelings with others through my music, at least.
【Luka】A conversation through music and sound, then. I think it'd be a wonderful expression of who you are, KAITO.
【Luka】Alright, MEIKO, that just leaves you.
【MEIKO】Right! I...
【MEIKO】I'd want to put on a high-energy show. One which makes the audience shout so loud that they shake the whole venue!
【KAITO】I had a feeling...
【Luka】Would you mind telling us your reasons?
【MEIKO】There are a lot... But people who came to my solo show would be there to see me, right?
【MEIKO】So, I want them all to say, “MEIKO really does put on the best shows! I definitely want to see another one!”
【MEIKO】That's why I think I'd want to put on a show which gets everyone involved.
【KAITO】Involved...? Involved how?
【MEIKO】I could do call-and-response sections during songs... Oh, and ask for requests directly from the audience!
【MEIKO】And then I'd sing their requests right then and there. That'd be a great way for us to build a show together, right?
【Luka】Yes, that does sound like fun. I'm sure it'd be an unforgettable show for them and for you too.
【MEIKO】Exactly! So, if I were to do a solo show...
【MEIKO】I'd want to build an amazingly high-energy show with the audience!
【MEIKO】That'd probably be my concept.
【Luka】That's so wonderful. It's very like you to want to do things together with the audience, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Actually, I feel like playing something now. Why don't we have ourselves a little session?
【Luka】Sure. What do you say, KAITO?
【KAITO】I'll join.
【MEIKO】Okay! Then, why don't we celebrate the girls' solo show by playing Blue Moments?
【Luka】I like it. Can you count us in?
【MEIKO】Okay! Here we go, you two!
[Sound] bgm00000
