【Kamishiro Rui — Evasive Entertainer〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Evasive Entertainer（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 016003_rui01

[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Emu】Nene, Rui, Robo-Nene! Thank you for joining our troupe☆
【Tsukasa】Let's make every show of ours a fantastic one together!
【Rui】Yes, that would be nice.
【Robo-Nene】Hello.
【Tsukasa】Well then, without further ado, let's discuss what sort of production we should be doing for our next per—
【Mascot】Before that, I have something to pass to Rui and Nene.
【Rui】Oh, is that...
【Mascot】Yes, this is a staff entry permit.
【Rui】We only accepted the job yesterday. I didn't think we would be able to get our permits so quickly.
【Rui】(Looks like Mr. Mascot is very competent at his job. He doesn't make any unnecessary movements, too.)
【Rui】(I'm guessing he must be Emu's bodyguard?)
【Rui】Thank you for the quick work. This will be very helpful. I'll be sure to use it gratefully.
【Mascot】...
【Rui】Hm? Is there something else?
【Mascot】Yes. Before allowing you to use the permit, I would need you to agree to our condition first.
【Mascot】We want you to tell us the route of entry you always took to sneak into the park.
【Rui】That's all?
【Mascot】How do you mean?
【Rui】I sneaked into the park and performed here without any sort of permission, right?
【Rui】You may view me as part of the cast now, but I just can't believe that you wouldn't at least berate me a little for what I did.
【Mascot】I see what you mean now...
【Mascot】Please rest assured that as long as you reveal your route of entry to us, there will be no further repercussions.
【Rui】Oh?
【Mascot】It is because Miss Emu needs you for her stage.
【Rui】Needs me, huh...
【Rui】(So they're really going to just let me off like that... It goes to show how much they treasure Emu.)
【Rui】Very well. I'll tell you how I got in. I do need to show my appreciation for your generous acceptance, after all.
【Emu】I'm going too! I wanna see what Rui's secret pathway looks like too♪
【Robo-Nene】Then I'll join you... I don't want to be left alone here with this guy...
【Tsukasa】S-Say what?!
【Rui】Haha, she meant no offense. She's just shy around people she's not familiar with.
【Tsukasa】Would a shy person even say such things?
【Rui】Well then, how about all four of us go together? You should be able to handle that, right?
【Robo-Nene】Yes... Thank you.
【Rui】Here you go. This was the bypath that I used.
【Mascot】Right next to Wonder Stage... Talk about a blind spot.
【Mascot】I must seal this place up for Miss Emu's safety. Excuse me.
【Robo-Nene】He left...
【Tsukasa】Alright, then! It's time for us to do what we actually came here for!
【Tsukasa】Everyone, take a look at this!
【Robo-Nene】A notebook?
【Tsukasa】It contains the plan for our future shows!
【Emu】Plan?! As in plan your finances, right?!
【Robo-Nene】I don't think he meant that sort of plan...
【Rui】Well, I can see you've given this quite a bit of thought.
【Tsukasa】Hmph! I get work done, and quickly! That's why I'm me!
【Robo-Nene】Hm... This is surprisingly deep planning coming from you.
【Tsukasa】No need to mention you were surprised!
【Tsukasa】To pull out all the stops for a successful show is what we all ought to be doing!
【Rui】Yes... I agree.
【Rui】Let's make this a great show together, Tsukasa.
[Sound] bgm00000
