【Kagamine Len — Always The Best Partners〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kagamine Len
Card: Always The Best Partners（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: With You at SEKAI's Beginnings
scenarioId: 023039_len01

[Background Change] bg_g000102
[Caption] Between Worlds
【Len】Let's see... Miku said she'd be around here somewhere...
【Len】Aha...!
[Sound] se_run_men_001_1
【Len】There you are, MEIKO! I finally found you!
【MEIKO】Hello, Len. Were you looking for me just now?
【Len】Yup. I wanted to ask you about that fragment.
【Len】Remember how we got separated after being sent over to that SEKAI together?
【Len】Can you tell me more about where you went after we got split up?
【MEIKO】Of course.
【MEIKO】Then, can you tell me about what happened on your end as well?
【Len】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Len】So, while I was witnessing how Akito and Toya first met, you were with An the whole time?
[Sound] bgm00024
【MEIKO】Yes, that's right. She practiced and performed in events all by herself, while looking very hard for someone she could call her partner.
【Len】I see...
【Len】But that must've been really hard. I mean, she didn't meet Kohane until high school, right?
【Len】Which means... She kept searching for over two years?
【MEIKO】Right...
【MEIKO】Not only did she struggle to find a good partner, she had to deal with a lot of naysayers.
【Len】Naysayers?
【MEIKO】Yes. That fragment only allowed me to catch glimpses of what happened up until she met Kohane...
【MEIKO】But I was able to see how people's thoughts regarding RAD WEEKEND changed on Vivid Street as more and more time progressed.
【MEIKO】Immediately following it, a lot of people wanted to put on an event that would surpass it. But it would soon turn into “that legendary night”, which nobody would ever surpass.
【Len】Oh...
【MEIKO】As the competition increased, and as people began to try harder and harder, both the performers and their audience slowly began coming to terms with a harsh reality.
【MEIKO】Putting on an event that surpasses RAD WEEKEND would be impossibly difficult.
【Len】Right... So, everyone around her...
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】As more and more began to revere RAD WEEKEND as “that legendary night”, the number of people hoping to surpass it dwindled significantly.
【Len】...
【Len】Trying to find a partner who'd allow her to surpass that night must've been so hard...
【MEIKO】Yes, very hard.
【MEIKO】But hard work and dedication ultimately pays off.
【Len】Yeah, because she found the best partner she could've asked for in Kohane!
[Sound] bgm00268
【MEIKO】This sort of applies to everyone in all the other SEKAI too, but fate, it seems, has a strange sense of humor...
【MEIKO】Actually, Len, do you know the story behind how Kohane and An met?
【Len】Umm... Kohane got lost on her way back from the store, stumbled upon a cafe where she happened to hear someone singing and decided to go in, right?
【MEIKO】Right.
【MEIKO】So, imagine if her mother hadn't asked her to go out and buy that CD...
【MEIKO】Or if she hadn't gotten lost after taking that back alley.
【Len】And what if An wasn't singing there?!
【Len】No, this is An we're talking about... She was basically singing every day, right?
【MEIKO】Hehe. True.
【Len】Still, what are the odds? Do you think their feelings had anything to do with them meeting?
【Len】Oh, what if their feelings made Kohane's mom ask her to go buy that CD...?!
【MEIKO】I really can't say...
【Len】Haha! Yeah...
【MEIKO】In that sense, them meeting could be considered a miracle.
【MEIKO】Or Nagi slowly nudged them closer and closer together as she watched them from up above.
【Len】Their next goal is to stand on top of the world, right?
【MEIKO】Yes, they really do like to dream big, don't they?
【Len】But I bet they'll succeed!
【Len】(I'll be rooting for you guys from SEKAI, so go show the world what you've got!)
[Sound] bgm00000
