【Kagamine Len — Reluctant Reconciliation〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kagamine Len
Card: Reluctant Reconciliation（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 023003_len02

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【Len】Hi everyone... Huh?
【Kohane】Ah, Len. Hello.
【An】Hey. We're here again.
【Akito】Len's really a regular customer here, huh? You never came here at all the last time we were looking for you, though.
【Toya】I'm glad we could meet you here today.
【Len】Everyone's here! All four of you are finally here together!
【MEIKO】They've been waiting for you, Len.
【An】Now that you mention it, this is the first time we're here together after that initial visit, right?
【Kohane】Um, I think so... An and I would drop by sometimes, though.
【Akito】Toya and I visited too.
【Toya】It's just hard to find a day when everyone's available.
【Len】I'm so glad everyone's here together today!
【Len】You see, there's something I've been wanting to suggest.
【Kohane】What is it?
【Len】Well, why do you guys think about holding an event together with us one day?
【Akito】Event? What kind of event are we talking about here?
【Len】I haven't thought about that yet...
【Akito】Then why bring it up?
【An】Because he wants to think about it together with us, right? Come on, that's fine!
【Len】I'll take it that everyone's interested, then? In that case, let's do something...you know? Super fun!
【Akito】That's too vague for me...
【MEIKO】Since we have enough people, instead of just doing a street performance, we can try to hold a proper event, right?
【MEIKO】We'll build an outdoor stage and come up with a program...
【Len】Yes, that's it! That's what I was thinking about!
【MEIKO】You want to sing with Rin because you've made up recently, right?
【Len】Actually... I was hoping we could keep it a secret from her.
【Len】Can we prepare for the event without letting her know?
【Toya】Does that mean you intend to give her a surprise?
【Len】Yup!
【Len】That's why I want this to be the best event ever! Something that'll surprise her and make her happy!
【Len】So, please! Will you help me with this?
【Toya】An event especially for your partner, huh?
【An】That's awesome! I'm all for it. What about you guys?
【Kohane】I've never planned for an event before, but I'd love to give it a go. I want to prepare for the event together with Len!
【Toya】I think this sounds very interesting too. What about you, Akito?
【Akito】Well, Len's been pretty good to us, so...
【Akito】I'll help. But I won't accept anything half-hearted if this is going to be the greatest event ever, understand?
【Len】Of course! Thanks so much, everyone!
【Len】Okay, let's start brainstorming right away!
[Sound] bgm00000
