【KAITO — Wonderland SEKAI〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: KAITO
Card: Wonderland SEKAI（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 026002_kaito02

[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【KAITO】Well, we're getting there...
【Rui】Greetings, KAITO. I hope I'm not interrupting anything?
【KAITO】Hello, Rui. You came here on your own this time?
【Rui】Yes. Is that surprising?
【KAITO】Well, it seems to be the new trend...
【Rui】Oh?
【KAITO】Nevermind. You're always welcome.
【KAITO】I'm in the middle of tidying up the stage. I'm sorry I can't give you my full attention at the moment.
【Rui】Would you like me to help?
【KAITO】If you don't mind?
【Rui】I'll be happy to lend you a hand, if we could chat a little about this SEKAI while we're at it.
【Rui】This world is one big mystery, and I'm very curious about it.
【KAITO】Sure, we can talk while getting this place in order.
【KAITO】First, we need to roll call the puppets and plushies.
【Rui】Roll call?
【KAITO】This is to check that one's gone missing. You do it like this... Puppets, line up!
【Puppets】Here♪
【Rui】Ah, it's certainly helpful when your props can line up when called to account for everything.
【Rui】It makes it much easier.
【KAITO】Could you call out numbers and check if we've got everyone? I'll count the plushies.
【Rui】Sure, you can leave this to me.
【KAITO】Plushies, line up!
【KAITO】Okay, we got everyone. Thank you for your hard work, plushies and puppets! See you at the next show!
【Puppets】Okay♪ See you next time♪
【Rui】So you just let them go?
【KAITO】Yes. They can roam freely in this SEKAI.
【Rui】You have quite the variety of plushies and puppets. Some are cute, some have a cool look. They also come in all colors and sizes.
【Rui】What criteria do you use to choose the right ones for your shows?
【KAITO】I don't. I enroll the ones who volunteer to help.
【KAITO】As you know, this world is created from strong feelings. They shaped each of the plushies.
【Rui】You mean Tsukasa's feelings?
【KAITO】Yes. And it's not only the plushies. Everything here reflects something in Tsukasa's psyche.
【KAITO】That's probably why instead of a human audience, we have toys and animals watching our shows.
【KAITO】I think that it's because when Tsukasa was little, he used to play theater in front of his toys.
【Rui】If that's so, then do you suppose the wild variety of genres of your shows is also to do with Tsukasa's experiences?
【KAITO】Yes, I would think so.
【KAITO】Why don't you ask Tsukasa about it?
【KAITO】Getting to know him better is the key to understanding this SEKAI.
【Rui】Hmm... We're not really the sort of close friends who'd discuss each other's childhood memories.
【Rui】He's always fixated on the latest show we're working on and that's all we talk about.
【Rui】On the other hand, he's the only person who can offer the most valuable insight into this world... So I might try to have a more personal chat with him.
【KAITO】You definitely should. It makes me happy that you have an interest in our SEKAI.
[Sound] bgm00000
