【MEIKO — Tell Me About Your Christmas♪〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: Tell Me About Your Christmas♪（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: On This Holy Night, I Sing
scenarioId: 025006_meiko01

[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【KAITO】Miku, Len, do you have a moment?
【KAITO】I have something important to tell you before we begin rehearsing for our Christmas show.
【Len】Sure. What's up?
【KAITO】Our troupe is about to get a new member.
【Miku & Len】Whaaat?!
【KAITO】She's very excited to join us, so let's not keep her waiting.
【MEIKO】Hello, Miku and Len! I'm new to this, but I don't really need a special introduction or anything, do I?
【Len】It's MEIKO!
【Miku】Yay! You're super welcome!
【MEIKO】Haha. Thank you for the warm welcome♪ I'm happy to be joining you!
【Miku】Yeah! You came at the perfect time too! We're just getting ready for our Christmas show!
【Miku】Would you like to do it with us, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Of course! That's what I'm here for! I'll be happy to help in any way I can♪
【KAITO】Haha. With that much enthusiasm, we'll have plenty for you to do! Let's get started!
【Miku】Okay, someone needs to go get the plushies too!
【Len】Right! I'll go and get them!
[Sound] se00064
【MEIKO】Thanks, Len! Okay, I'm ready to roll up my sleeves and get down to it.
【KAITO】Alright. While we wait for the others, we could start thinking about how to decorate the stage.
【KAITO】We haven't decided anything yet, so any suggestions are welcome.
【MEIKO】Hmm... What would make it Christmas-y...?
【MEIKO】Oh, of course! Hey, KAITO! Are there any fir trees in this SEKAI?
【KAITO】Hmm... I can't tell you off the top of my head, but I'll check. What do you need them for?
【MEIKO】Well, this place has singing flowers, so I thought there might also be singing trees!
【MEIKO】And of course, fir trees are a central part of Christmas. I'm sure everyone would love to see a real Christmas tree!
【KAITO】Hehe, okay. I can picture everyone being overwhelmed by delight.
【MEIKO】Oh, here's another idea... We can pile a bunch of presents up high to make a Christmas tree too!
【MEIKO】Imagine how impressive it'd be if we made it like 100-meters tall!
【KAITO】What?! 100 meters?!
【MEIKO】Then, as the play reaches its climax, we can have plushies jump out of the presents! Pop, pop, pop! One by one♪
【MEIKO】What do you think? Wouldn't that be fun?
【KAITO】Haha! It'll be a lot of work, but yes, it sounds fantastic!
【MEIKO】Right?
【MEIKO】Oh, and Christmas lights! We'll need those too!
【MEIKO】Why don't we put up colorful lights all over this SEKAI? And on our costumes too! We'd literally be dazzling then!
【KAITO】Yes, that's also an excellent idea! Hahaha...
【MEIKO】Hm? What's so funny?
【KAITO】I just can't believe you only just got here and you're already coming up with so many terrific suggestions.
【MEIKO】Really? I'm just saying whatever I think is fun.
【MEIKO】Does any of it actually seem doable?
【KAITO】Well, I'm not sure about finding a singing tree, but we can go ahead with the present tower and Christmas lights.
【KAITO】I think they'll be great fun, but we'll need more hands to get everything done in time. Hopefully, the plushies can help us out too.
【MEIKO】But aren't they all really small? Won't it be too much work for them?
【KAITO】They've helped us out quite a bit already. They're more capable than you might think.
【MEIKO】I see. Just as I joined this troupe, they were saying that they want to help with stage lighting, other roles and whatnot so...
【MEIKO】I guess they'd feel left out if they weren't allowed to just because of their size.
【MEIKO】You think of everything, KAITO! No, wait. Mr. Troupe Leader!
【KAITO】Haha. Thank you, MEIKO.
【Len】Hey, I'm baaack! I brought the plushies!
【KAITO】Welcome back! But we're still waiting for Miku...
【MEIKO】How about we start setting up the stage while we wait for her? I suggested a few things to KAITO while you were away too!
【MEIKO】But they might end up being a lot of work, so I'd like to hear your opinions on whether or not we should go with them.
【Len】Sure. I'm game!
【MEIKO】Thanks, Len! First...!
[Sound] bgm00000
