【Hanasato Minori — MORE MORE JUMP!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hanasato Minori
Card: MORE MORE JUMP!（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 005002_minori02

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Shizuku】Let's start again from the beginning.
【Minori】Sure! Um... Yikes, the wind's so strong!
[Sound] se00080
【Minori】Uh, yeah. It makes it difficult to hear anything.
【Airi】This wind is nothing.
【Airi】When you're performing on an outdoor stage, sometimes you have to keep singing in a torrential rainstorm, you know?
【Minori】Gosh, really? In that case we'd better toughen up by practicing in this weather!
【Minori】One, two, three, four!
[Sound] se00081
【Shizuku】Huh? Something just got blown over?
【Airi】A flyer for a gig or some other show? Minori, it's coming at you!
【Minori】What? Yikes, got to dodge that!
[Sound] se00081
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Blarg!
[Sound] bgm00003
【Shizuku】The wind changed direction and the flyer flew right back.
【Airi】Minori, you really have the worst of luck.
【Minori】Get it off me! I can't see anything!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Haruka】Don't flail your arms and I'll take it off you.
【Minori】Phew... That wasn't pleasant. Thanks for helping me, Haruka.
[Sound] bgm00018
【Haruka】You're welcome.
【Haruka】With things flying around, someone could get hurt. Why don't we take a break until the wind dies down a bit?
【Airi】We don't have any shows scheduled, so there's no need to push ourselves so hard to practice.
【Minori】Speaking of shows! There's something I wanted to ask you.
【Minori】How do you deal with anxiety before a show or some other big event?
【Minori】I even get stressed out before auditions. If you have any tips, that'll be great.
【Shizuku】You get stressed easily, Minori? I'd have never guessed.
【Haruka】Really? Minori always goes full steam ahead, so I could tell she wasn't the type to relax before shows.
【Airi】Yeah. Minori's the type to get so worked up, it makes her panic and get all clumsy, right?
【Minori】What, you read me like an open book! This is why I was always doomed at sports events in elementary school...
【Haruka & Airi】(I knew it...)
【Minori】It makes me even more stressed to think that I might get so nervous that I'll make a mistake even after lots of rehearsals...
【Haruka】I'd like to help but... I don't think I've ever experienced stage fright.
【Minori】What, seriously?! W-Wow! So you never worry that you might slip up and embarrass yourself?
【Haruka】The only thing we have control over is how much we practice, so if I feel I've practiced enough, I leave it at that and I don't worry about what might happen.
【Airi】Well, that's not going to be of any help to Minori!
【Airi】Minori, listen. You must not be afraid of failure!
【Airi】Anyone can make a mistake, no matter how much they've practiced. And when that happens...
【Airi】You just act unfazed and say something along, Huh? That wasn't right? I don't know what you're talking about.
【Minori】That's an option?! I... I don't think I could do this. I'd be so self-conscious, I wouldn't be able to just gloss over a mistake.
【Airi】You've got to strengthen your psyche!
【Haruka】That's easier said than done. I think she's better off following my approach and practicing lots.
【Minori】Um... Shizuku, and what do you do to stay calm?
【Shizuku】Hmm... I try not to think about having an audience until the show starts.
【Shizuku】It's hard not to get a little anxious when you know there are so many pairs of eyes on you.
【Minori】I see... That method I can try right away!
【Shizuku】Oh, but, in your case, you might benefit more from paying close attention to the audience.
【Minori】Huh?
【Shizuku】Wouldn't it motivate you more to see all those people you want to entertain, to hear them cheering you on?
【Airi】Oh, that's some good advice! I can picture Minori getting really motivated by seeing our expectant audience!
【Haruka】Yeah. Out of all of us, Minori has the most idol potential.
【Minori】Huh? M-Me?
【Haruka】Oh, the wind seems to have died down. Would you like to get back to practice?
【Airi】Sure. We've had a long break.
【Shizuku】Let's pick up from where we stopped.
【Minori】W-Wait! Can someone first explain to me what you meant about me having the most idol potential? Hey!
[Sound] bgm00000
