【Kusanagi Nene — I Can't Rest〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kusanagi Nene
Card: I Can't Rest（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Dear My Fellows
scenarioId: 015044_nene01

[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Emu】Oh, Tsukasa! What if we jumped really high into the air at the end of that action scene we just did?!
【Rui】Would you mind if we went over a few things regarding the next scene, KAITO?
【Nene】(Everybody looks like they're having a lot of fun... To be fair, it is the first show we're putting together from scratch in a while.)
【Nene】(The plushies surprised us when they requested that we put on a show.)
【Nene】(But I really do enjoy this process.)
【Nene】(The show we're working on now is a comedic musical that takes place in a city.)
【Nene】(I'm playing the gossipy owner of a flower shop... I'm also a bit of a troublemaker since I like to spread unfounded rumors.)
【Nene】(She's a bit of a nuisance, but endearing at the same time. I hope I can properly capture her charm.)
【KAITO】Alright, everyone, let's take a break here!
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【Emu】Nice work, Nene! I brought some snacks, so let's go have them over there!
【Nene】Oh, okay... Thanks.
【Nene】But I want to keep practicing for a bit longer. Mind starting your break without me?
【Emu】Wait, you're not gonna take your break?
【Nene】I'm having a little trouble with my character, and I wanna get it right before we start rehearsing.
【Emu】Okay... But I thought the way you played that flower shop lady was really good...
【Emu】What's bothering you exactly?
【Nene】Huh? Umm... So, you know how she's a bit of a troublemaker? I feel like I'm currently making her look like a gigantic nuisance.
【Nene】I'm trying to go more for the angle that she isn't there to cause trouble, and things usually just end up going wrong all of a sudden...
【Emu】Right. That lady isn't trying to hurt anyone.
【Emu】She just feels the need to let everyone know about the rumors she's heard.
【Nene】That might be it...
【Emu】Huh?
【Nene】The way I'm acting now is making it hard for me to show how she wants everybody to know what she's heard.
【Nene】It's been like she thinks spreading rumors is fun... I think I got hung up on the comedy aspect and went too over-the-top.
【Nene】I should be trying to present her more as someone who's just trying to help others.
【Emu】Oh, that'd make her such a fun and nice person!
【Rui】Yes, that is a good idea...
【Tsukasa】I agree! Not only does it give her more depth, it should make her a much more charming character!
【Nene】I wanna ask how long you guys have been listening... But it works out since I was also hoping to hear your opinions.
【Nene】Anyway, I'm thinking about playing her like that.
【Nene】My character is going to feel a little milder as a result, so I'll need to strike a balance somewhere...
【Rui】Then, why don't you do that by changing the way she speaks? She could talk quickly or have a funny speech pattern. That should give her quite a bit of presence.
【MEIKO】Oh, I like that. Why don't we try coming up with some patterns now?
【KAITO】If you're going to change the way she speaks, then you'll also need to adjust her lines a little.
【Nene】Wait, you guys too, MEIKO, KAITO...?
【Rin】Oh, what are you guys all talking about?
【Miku】I think it's a meeting on how to give Nene's character a big power boost☆
【Luka】Hehe. That sounds like fun.
【Emu】Huh? You're all here now?! When did that happen?!
【Nene】Y-Yeah... I feel kinda bad roping all of you in like this...
【Nene】But I would really appreciate your guys' help.
[Sound] bgm00000
【KAITO】Alright, let's get back to practice, shall we?
[Sound] bgm00024
【Rin & Miku】Okay!
【Emu】I'm so glad we figured out a good plan for your flower shop lady, Nene!
【Nene】Me too. Thanks for coming up with all those great ideas, you guys.
【Nene】I doubt things would've come together so nicely if I'd kept thinking on my own...
【Nene】(And I feel a lot more relaxed after talking to them.)
【Nene】(I feel like I can really do her justice now.)
【Nene】Um, you guys...?
【Rui】Hm? Is something the matter?
【Nene】Thanks for helping me with this. Again, I really appreciate it.
【KAITO】You're welcome. I'm very much looking forward to seeing how you play her now, Nene.
【MEIKO】Let's keep doing our best to turn this into a great show!
【Nene】Yeah...!
[Sound] bgm00000
