【Momoi Airi — Mysterious Heart Witch〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Mysterious Heart Witch（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Cast a Spell on You
scenarioId: 007015_airi02

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Classroom
【Airi】Alright, you guys! We're gonna see how our outfits are coming along today!
【Minori】Yay! I can't wait to see how they're looking!
【Shizuku】I hope the design I sent wasn't too confusing...
【Airi】Really? I thought it was pretty easy to follow.
【Haruka】The ones in charge of putting them together sent us a reply last night, so let's go over each point while keeping your concerns in mind, Shizuku.
【Shizuku】Yes, I'd like that!
[Sound] se00183
【Airi】Let's start with our lead dressmaker...!
【Airi】Here we are... <Hello, everyone from MORE MORE JUMP!>
【Airi】<I'll be handling Airi's outfit and I'm beyond ecstatic about being given this opportunity!>
【Airi】<I'm only able to provide a sample of what's to come right now, but I honestly can't stop grinning knowing that Airi's going to be wearing this outfit.>
【Airi】<And thank you for sending over such a well-annotated design. It was very easy to follow.>
【Airi】<I'll be putting everything I have into this to make sure you're satisfied with the finished product.>
【Airi】Sounds like you have nothing to worry about, Shizuku.
【Shizuku】Yes, I'm glad they understood everything.
【Minori】Especially since you took the time to redraw it a few times to make sure they'd see what you were thinking.
【Haruka】Also, being able to work on your favorite idol's outfit must be a huge source of motivation.
【Airi】Yeah, we have Minori to thank for that!
【Minori】Hehe!
【Shizuku】Hehe.
【Airi】Alright, let's see what the others said!
【Airi】Phew. That should be all of them.
【Haruka】Looks like they're all progressing nicely.
【Minori】Yeah!
【Minori】And they're gonna send over their samples once they're done, right?
【Shizuku】Yes. We'll need to see for ourselves whether or not they actually fit or match our designs.
【Shizuku】After we've checked everything, we'll start having them sew on the decorations and other accessories.
【Haruka】Which by no means will be easy.
【Haruka】We're not exactly professional designers, so I have a feeling that we'll have to learn some things for the first time as we go.
【Shizuku】I agree. We should make it clear that they're always free to ask us for help or suggestions.
【Airi】Yeah. Oh...
【Minori】Is something the matter, Airi?
【Airi】I forgot to read the postscript for that last email.
[Sound] se00183
【Airi】Let's go through it now.
【Airi】<P.S. Thank you for the blueprint you so kindly attached. I had no issues understanding everything.>
【Airi】<I really appreciate how it provides diagrams for the design process and describes why each part is designed the way it is...>
【Airi】<I know exactly what I need to do because of it and believe everything should go smoothly.>
【Haruka】Come to think of it, the others also responded with similar comments.
【Minori】A blueprint...? Like for a sewing pattern...?
【Shizuku】Yes, that's right.
【Shizuku】I held a video conference with everyone involved before they got started on their assignments...
【Shizuku】But it turned out that some of them had never made a pattern out of just a sketched design before.
【Shizuku】So, I decided to take this opportunity to try making my own blueprints.
【Airi】And Mizuki was there to help, right?
【Haruka】Mizuki...? Oh, you mean...
【Airi】Remember? We met at the Fan Festival when we went to see Minori and when we were shrine maidens for New Year's.
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a002506
[Background Change] bg_a000401
【Shizuku】Mizuki's so talented at designing dresses and other clothes, and has all these different fabrics and materials at home. I even learned about all these handy websites.
【Airi】Oh, that's right... One of them lets you upload your own designs and automatically create sewing patterns based on that.
【Minori】Uploading your own designs?! When did you learn to do that, Shizuku?!
【Airi】Oh, that wasn't her...
【Minori】Huh?
【Shizuku】The truth is, I had Mizuki help me with most of that...
【Shizuku】Yes, it can make patterns for you. However, I had no idea how to edit or adjust them...
【Shizuku】I wrote down how to do all of that... So I'm hoping that I can learn to do everything myself for next time.
【Airi】Alright, let's turn that frown upside down. I'm here to help if you ever need me.
【Shizuku】Right! Thank you, Airi.
【Airi】We'll need to thank Mizuki later. Everyone involved in making our outfits too.
【Haruka】Yes, we do. But we still don't really have much to offer in terms of compensation...
【Shizuku】They all said that they're putting everything they have into our outfits, so it'll have to match that somehow.
【Minori】Yeah! We'll have to come up with something that they'll all be happy with.
【Airi】In that case, why don't we make that tonight's homework assignment?
【Airi】Our outfits are coming along nicely, so we should take this opportunity to think about the other things on our plates.
【Shizuku】I agree♪
【Minori】Me too!
【Haruka】We have a day set aside to discuss what we'll be doing for our stream, so why don't we talk about our ideas then?
【Airi】Yeah, sounds good!
【Airi】Alright, that settles that... Time to make today's practice really count!
【Minori, Haruka & Shizuku】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
