【Megurine Luka — Starting Point〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Megurine Luka
Card: Starting Point（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Our Starry Sky Leading to the Future
scenarioId: 024039_luka01

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
[Sound] se00046_b
【Ichika】We're back.
【Luka】Welcome back.
【Luka】How was the station? Did you notice any changes?
【Shiho】No, we didn't notice anything.
【Miku】Even the sprout we found looked exactly the same.
【Rin】But I was so sure that more big changes would come after that station appeared.
【KAITO】I sort of understand how you feel...
【Len】But that station appearing is a pretty big event itself.
【Len】Imagine what would happen to this place if more stuff like that kept happening.
【Rin】You're no fun.
【Honami】Still, I'm perplexed by how a station of all things ended up appearing here.
【Ichika】Really? Lots of students take the train to school every day, so it doesn't seem all that strange to me.
【Saki】I agree. I mean, I wish Miya Girls and Shibuya Station were as close as this school and station are.
【MEIKO】But wouldn't that be too close? I feel like you'd have fewer fun detours to take along the way.
【Saki】Th-That's a good point...!
【Shiho】Also, I don't think that train's meant for commuting to school.
【Luka】It seems like it's meant for leaving this school for somewhere else.
【Miku】Leaving this school for somewhere else...?
【Rin】But where?
【Len】Who knows?
【Len】But schools are places you're supposed to graduate from, right? In that sense, this is a sort of starting line for you girls.
【Rin】G-Graduate?! Are you saying that Sakki and the others are gonna stop coming here someday?!
【Saki】Whaaat?! No one's told us anything about that!
【Saki】I don't wanna stop coming here! I wanna keep hanging out with you and the others, Rin!
[Sound] se00121_b
【Rin】I wanna keep jamming and hanging out with all of you too, Sakki!
【Len】Why are you equating graduating to saying goodbye?
【Luka】Don't worry, Rin. We're here in SEKAI to give them the support they deserve.
【Luka】We won't be saying goodbye anytime soon.
【Luka】Right, Miku?
【Miku】Sh-She's right, Rin...!
【Miku】They just became pros, so we need to keep watching over them as their careers unfold!
【Rin & Saki】Th-Thank goodness!
【Ichika】Wow, you and Rin really made my stomach sink with that stuff, Saki.
【Saki】Yeah, but...
【Luka】(...?)
【KAITO】If the girls do end up graduating, would that mean we'd also graduate...?
【MEIKO】So, we might stop being students here? But I really like my uniform.
【KAITO】That's what you're attached to...?
【Rin】Wait, we wouldn't have to say goodbye to Sakki and them, but we would have to say goodbye to this school?!
【Len】Again, quit blowing things out of proportion.
【Luka】Yes, all good things must come to an end...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Luka】So, we can't fully eliminate the possibility of us having to say goodbye to this place someday...
【Luka】But we can say for certain that this place isn't going away.
【Luka】Because it was born out of you girls' feelings. It has a special place in your hearts and it's your starting point.
[Sound] bgm00039
【Luka】Also, it's important to look back to the beginning from time to time.
【Luka】So, even if all of you do end up going somewhere far away, I'm sure you'll be able to come back here whenever you like.
【Luka】It's why this SEKAI exists. This refuge is a manifestation of your true feelings.
【Ichika】Right...
【Ichika】And now that we're pros, we need to learn to treasure this place even more.
【Saki, Honami & Shiho】Yeah! Yes.
【Miku】Girls...
[Sound] bgm00000
