【Hanasato Minori — Pre-Show Prep〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hanasato Minori
Card: Pre-Show Prep（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 005003_minori02

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Minori】One, two, three, four, turn...and pose!
【Minori】I did it! What do you think, Airi?
【Airi】You've gotten a lot better! Now all that's left is for you to bear in mind how to make the costume look cuter.
【Minori】What? Costume?
【Airi】That's right. A proper idol must know how to use their stage costumes to their advantage!
【Airi】Plan the costume's movements into the dance routine as well and make them look as cute as yourself!
【Minori】I get it now! You're so good at this, Airi!
【Airi】Admittedly, it's hard to imagine that in our workout gear. We'll have to look for an idol-style costume somewhere...
【Minori】Idol-style costume, huh. Well, we've only just recently decided to form an idol group together, after all.
【Minori】We don't have any official costumes, yet... Ah.
【Airi】What is it?
【Minori】We do have a cute, idol-style costume we can use, Airi!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Sound] bgm_area00002
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Minori】Thank goodness we can still come back!
【Minori】(Miku and Rin really helped us a lot, giving us advice about Haruka and singing the song that was born from our feelings together with us...)
【Miku】Minori, Airi!
【Rin】Hi, there! Anything we can help you with today?
【Minori】Yeah! We were just practicing our dance routine.
【Minori】But we were hoping to improve it by being conscious of the way our costumes moved around during the dance too!
【Minori】So we were wondering if we could use the clothes with the clover motif that we wore when performing here before?
【Miku】A dance routine that makes your costume look cute... Sounds like something we could learn from, too!
【Rin】Yeah! We should join in the fun!
【Miku】Yes, I'd love that. May we join you, Minori and Airi?
【Minori】Of course you may! Please give us some good pointers, too!
【Airi】Okay, let's change and practice now!
【Minori】You got it!
【Minori】Urgh... I can't move anymore...
【Airi】You're such a mess. You should learn from Miku and Rin.
【Miku】Good work, Minori.
【Rin】That was really fun! I'm glad we could practice together!
【Miku】Yes. Our performances would be more appealing if we could make our costumes look cuter on stage too.
【Minori】But it's so difficult to do...
【Minori】It's easy to think about making the skirt sway in a cute way, but to actually do it is too hard for me right now...
【Airi】Yeah, it's not something you can do right away for sure. Even I still find myself wanting to do better at times.
【Airi】The more important thing is to actually start thinking about it!
【Airi】Simply doing it for the sake of doing it is meaningless.
【Airi】Think of the feelings you have towards the song and all of your fans. Without those feelings, you'd just be trying to look cool, that's all.
【Minori】What's truly important is the feelings I put into it, huh? That's the same for interview self-introductions too.
【Airi】Yup.
【Airi】Well, in your case, you have no lack of strong feelings, so all you need to do is work on your expressions by practicing like just now.
【Minori】Yes, I'll try my best to learn all sorts of expressions!
【Miku】Oh, Rin! It's almost time for our show!
【Rin】You're right! Come on, let's put what we just practiced into use♪
【Miku】Hehe. See you later, Minori and Airi. You're always welcome here♪
【Minori】Thanks!
【Airi】I guess we should head back soon too.
【Minori】Okay, but...
【Minori】Do you think I could practice for just a little longer?
【Airi】Hehe, I thought you said you can't move anymore?
【Minori】I'm fine now! I want to be able to have better control over what you just taught me today!
【Airi】That's good! Then let's practice until you're satisfied!
[Sound] bgm00000
