【Kagamine Len — We Would Know〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kagamine Len
Card: We Would Know（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Step by Step!
scenarioId: 023027_len01

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Len】When you and I talked, you said schoolwork might be a challenge... Does this mean you know what you're gonna do about that?
【Minori】Oh, um... Not exactly since I won't know how a lot of things go until I actually give it a try...
【Minori】But I've just gotta do the best I can!
【MEIKO】Hehe. In any case, it's nice to hear that you're all looking forward to being in the credit-based course.
【Rin】Okay, you two! That means you really gotta have fun during the time you have left as regular high schoolers!
【Minori】Thanks, we will!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00170_b
【Miku】Huh? Len, you look a little sad...
[Sound] bgm00024
【Rin】Yeah, is something wrong?
【Len】Oh, no... It's nothing, but...
【Len】I was just thinking that I don't really know anything about the girls' school...
【Rin】Huh? Their school?
【Len】Yeah...
【Len】For example, Minori said how getting her homework and stuff done is gonna be really hard...
【Len】But I'm having trouble imagining how hard that'll actually be...
【Miku】When you put it that way, I can't really imagine it either.
【Miku】When it comes to being an idol, you can practice singing and dancing or watch DVDs of past shows to see what kinds of effects might be good...
【Rin】Yeah. I remember Minori saying how math and English are really hard...
【Rin】But the only thing I really got is that she has to use a lot of brainpower for those subjects...
【Len】What about their actual school? Have they ever told you what it's like?
【Rin】Uhh... There's only girls!
【Miku】Hehe. It is an all-girls high school after all.
【Rin】Oh, I think I remember someone saying that they're given tests a little more often compared to other schools.
【Miku】Also, the fact that they have a credit-based course...
【Miku】It apparently makes it easy for students to attend while working in show business.
【Rin】Oh, there's also the Sports Festival, School Festival, choir recital and lots of other school events...
【Miku】I believe that's about all we know.
【Len】So you feel that way too...
【Len】I wanna learn more about what they're like as students...
【Len】I think I'll go see for myself.
【Miku】What?
【Len】If I don't go now, I might never get another chance to see what the girls are like as normal students.
【Len】So, I know I should've done this sooner, but I'm gonna go see what they're like at school.
【Miku】Yes, I see. It is important to always learn new things♪
【Rin】Yeah!
【Len】Then, wanna ask the others to see if they'll join us?
【Rin】Yeah! I think MEIKO and Luka are practicing together right now.
【Miku】KAITO's probably working on the schedule for our next show.
【Len】Alright, let's split up and go get them!
【Len】We can head over to the girls' school once we've all gathered.
【Miku & Rin】Okay♪
[Sound] bgm00000
