【MEIKO — Narrator Of Happiness〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: Narrator Of Happiness（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Our Happy Ending
scenarioId: 025026_meiko02

[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【MEIKO】Everyone, do you all have your drinks ready?!
【Emu & Miku】Ready☆
【Rui】We're ready as well.
【Len】Us too!
【KAITO】Okay, I believe we're all set. The floor is yours, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Excellent!
【Tsukasa】Nene, Rui, Emu! A job well done on the anniversary show!
【Tsukasa】Next, Miku, all of you...
【Tsukasa】We know we caused you all a lot of concern, but we managed to get to our new starting line! Thank you very much for supporting us the entire way!
【Tsukasa】So, here's to a successful anniversary show, and to new beginnings.
【Tsukasa】Cheers!
【Nene, Rui & Emu】Cheers!
【Everyone】Cheeers! Cheers!
[Sound] se00163_b
【Emu】Ahh! This juice is so yummy and cool!
【Robo-Nene】I kept the drinks cool until just now using my refrigeration module.
【Nene】Oh, right. You can store drinks and stuff for some reason.
【Rui】There's a clear reason for that. I installed it so we can quickly rehydrate after practices.
【Tsukasa】I see. I thought this was just another passing fancy...
【Rui】A passing fancy...? Honestly, Tsukasa, Nene, who do you take me for exactly?
【Rui】I spend all this time coming up with gizmos and gadgets for the actors performing in our shows...
【Emu】*Gasp* Tsukasa and Nene are bullying Rui!
【MEIKO】Oh dear. Naughty children need to be punished by having an ice-cold glass of juice caress their necks♪
【Miku】Haha! Oh no☆ You two gotta run♪
【Nene】Actually, that might be nice if they're all this temperature.
【Emu】Hehe.
【Luka】Hehe. Everyone's smiling and having so much fun.
【MEIKO】They really are!
【MEIKO】(I wasn't sure what was going to happen after they decided to become freelancers, and after Emu made her initial decision.)
【Luka】*Yawn* Hehe... So much fun...
【Luka】Zzz... Zzz...
【MEIKO】Huh...? Oh, Luka...
【KAITO】Hehe. She must feel so relieved to see that they're all smiling now.
【MEIKO】I think so too.
【Emu】MEIKO, are you guys eating? These chocolates are super yummy!
【MEIKO】Really? Then, I'd like to try one! Also, would you mind saving one for Luka? I'm sure she'll want one after she wakes up later.
【Emu】Okay!
【KAITO】Thank you all again for inviting us to join you for this after-party.
【Tsukasa】As always, you were all there for us when we really needed it.
【Rui】Not only that, you, MEIKO and the others inspired us to change the ending of the anniversary show through your own show.
【MEIKO】Oh, I was so surprised when I saw your new ending! I couldn't believe how wonderfully happy it was♪
【Nene】We decided to go with that after discussing it as a troupe. We wanted it to reflect our current situation.
【MEIKO】Yes, I see! And I'm really glad you went with that ending!
【KAITO】If I recall, “They made shows together while pursuing their dreams forever after,” yes?
【Emu】Yup☆
【Emu】I'm gonna meet lots of new people, experience lots of new things, come back to Phoenix Wonderland and fill it with even more smiles!
【Tsukasa】I of course plan to learn as much as I can in order to become a star in the future!
【Nene】I want to hone my skills so that I can become an actress who performs around the world.
【Rui】And I'm going to put on a show with my dear friends that connects people around the world through their smiles.
【KAITO】Those are all such wonderful dreams.
【MEIKO】Yes, they are!
【Miku】Hehe☆ But we can't let them hog all the glory♪
【Rin】We should also put on lots and lots of shows that can make lots and lots of people smile!
【Len】Yeah! I wanna figure out how to put on even better shows so we can help Tsukasa and the others when they think they need it!
【Tsukasa】Ah, that would be wonderful!
【Luka】Hehe. I'll sleep a lot and... See lots of wonderful dreams... Zzz...
【MEIKO】Oh, Luka. We weren't talking about those kinds of dreams.
【Emu & Nene】Haha! Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
