【Momoi Airi — That's So Unfair!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: That's So Unfair!（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: The Sounds of a Summer Festival!
scenarioId: 007011_airi02

[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] One week after the Summer Festival
[Caption] Diner
【Airi】Let's dig in!
【Airi】Mmm... This roasted tea parfait is so good! Don't knock it before you try it just because it's a diner, I guess.
【Shizuku】Yes, I agree! I'll try mine now...
【Shizuku】Oh, the syrup on this warabimochi parfait goes so well with the sweet soybean powder that it came with.
【Ena】Really? Hey, both of you, mind sharing a little since we have some extra plates?
【Airi】Sure, be my guest!
【Airi】Phew... That was delicious.
【Airi】Thanks for tagging along with me, Ena, Shizuku! I'm glad we got to try so many Japanese-styled desserts!
【Shizuku】Hehe. You're very welcome.
【Ena】I'm just glad I got to hang out with you two. That was a lot of fun.
【Airi】Yeah. Even though we bumped into each other during the festival, it sort of has been a while since we hung out together like this, huh?
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a003603
[Background Change] bg_a001101
【Airi】...
【Airi】Um, Ena? About Mizuki... How have things been since, you know?
【Shizuku】Oh, I'd like to know too... You two looked like you were having quite a bit of fun during the festival.
【Ena】I'm not sure I can say there's been much progress...
【Airi】I see...
【Airi】Sorry for not being able to help you out much, Ena...
【Shizuku】I'm also sorry...
【Ena】No, you two have nothing to apologize for!
【Ena】Like we discussed before, I know that this might take a very, very long time.
【Ena】And you've both already been a huge help just by listening to what's going on between me and Mizuki!
【Airi】Are you sure? In that case, I'm glad...
【Ena】We may not be out of the woods yet, but Mizuki has shown some signs of seemingly feeling better...
【Shizuku】Oh, really?!
【Ena】Yes. I think this other girl in our group said something and ended up having a positive effect...
【Ena】That taught me that I can cheer Mizuki up by just talking about whatever's going on...
【Ena】Everything I did sort of felt futile at first, but now I know that's not actually the case anymore.
【Airi】I see.
【Airi】(Yeah, the difference between knowing and not knowing that is pretty huge.)
【Airi】(As much as I was worried about Mizuki, I was getting concerned over how hard Ena had to try. I'm glad she's been able to make some progress.)
【Airi】By the way, Ena, what are the other people in your group like?
【Ena】Oh, the others? Well, you already know me, the illustrator, and Mizuki, the video editor...
【Ena】But we also have a songwriter and a lyricist.
【Ena】Oh, but the lyricist is also able to write her own songs from scratch too...
【Shizuku】Oh, I had no idea! That's incredible!
【Ena】Yeah, it really is... But she's kind of a pain.
【Airi】Right out with it, huh?
【Ena】What's that supposed to mean?
【Ena】You just don't get it, Airi. She's an enormous pain to deal with!
【Airi】Okay, okay. Care to expand on that a little?
【Ena】Oh, well...
【Shizuku】...?
【Airi】Oh...
【Airi】(I just let my mouth run, huh? Maybe I shouldn't have asked that...)
【Airi】It's okay, Ena. You don't have to answer if you don't want to.
【Ena】No, it's just kinda hard to describe... It's a pretty long story, so maybe next time!
【Airi】Okay, that works too!
【Ena】Um, how about I talk about our songwriter instead?
【Shizuku】Being able to make illustrations and videos is already very impressive, but I'm always amazed by people who can write their own songs.
【Ena】Yeah! Her name's K...
【Ena】K invited me, Mizuki and our lyricist to form a group called Nightcord at 25:00.
【Airi】Oh, so she's like the leader then!
【Ena】Sort of, but K doesn't really see it that way.
【Ena】Anyway, K's unbelievably talented when it comes to songwriting. It's like she really knows how to touch your heart through music.
【Airi】I know what you mean! I've seen a few of your guys' videos, but they really do all have that effect.
【Shizuku】Airi told me about one of your songs as well.
【Shizuku】It was just a roller coaster of emotions, from feeling somewhat sad in the beginning to having a warm blanket wrapped around me in the end.
【Ena】Yes! That's exactly what I'm talking about!
【Ena】K has this power to know what you're feeling or trying to say...
【Ena】When I was going through a huge art slump, she ended up composing something just for me...
【Airi】She must be such a nice person...
【Ena】Yeah, she really is.
【Airi】I'm glad.
【Airi】I'd like to meet this K sometime if I ever get a chance.
【Shizuku】I'd like to as well!
【Ena】Sure, I hope I do get a chance to introduce you to her. Oh, there's this other girl too. She's a bit of a handful, but you might end up meeting her too...
【Airi】A bit of a handful? You have all this respect for K but not her lyricist?
【Ena】Because she's a pain to deal with.
【Ena】I'm sure you'll understand what I mean if you do ever talk to her. On top of that, she has some pretty serious baggage...
【Airi】Baggage?
【Airi】That's not really giving me a clear picture.
【Shizuku】But you seem to enjoy talking about her, Ena. I'm sure she's a good person deep down.
【Ena】What are you talking about?! I do not enjoy talking about her...!
【Airi & Shizuku】Hehe.
【Airi】(As much as I'm interested in her friends, we should introduce her to Minori and Haruka at some point as well.)
【Airi】(That makes four per group... Wow, eight when you put us all together...)
【Airi】(We've come a long way since having only each other to talk to...)
【Airi】(I'm glad we both found some people we really care about. It'd be fun to just chat without a care in the world with them all.)
[Sound] bgm00000
