【Hinomori Shizuku — Did It Fall Over?〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hinomori Shizuku
Card: Did It Fall Over?（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Chasing The Sparkle Beyond the Blue Sky
scenarioId: 008018_shizuku01

[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] Rehearsal Studio
【Airi】Alright, good work! I unfortunately need to get going now!
【Shizuku】Okay. Thank you for today, Airi. We'll see you tomorrow.
[Sound] se00097
[Sound] se00286
【Minori】Airi left right after practice again...
【Haruka】Probably so she can keep planning for our training camp.
【Shizuku】Right. She seems to be really enjoying it too, so I'm looking forward to it very much.
【Shizuku】Also, Haruka, here's a towel.
【Haruka】Thanks. And I'm definitely with you there. I'm excited to see what kind of training camp Airi comes up with for us.
【Minori】Yeah, what do you think it's gonna be like? Whenever I hear training camp, I usually imagine the beach or...
【Shizuku】Oh, she mentioned how she asked MEIKO for some advice regarding training activities.
【Minori】S-She asked MEIKO?!
【Minori】Didn't Miku and the others say that their training was super duper hard...?
【Minori】Does that mean we're gonna have to do a lap around Shibuya while only doing squat hops...?!
【Haruka】Hehe. I doubt she'll make us do anything like that.
【Minori】Haha. Y-Yeah! As tough as she can be sometimes...
【Haruka】On top of squat hops not actually being a very good workout, it's also easy to injure yourself, so I don't see her choosing that.
【Haruka】I have to think that she'll have clear objectives in mind for each activity. For example, long-distance running for building stamina or sprinting up a hill to strengthen your lower body.
【Minori】L-Long distance running... Sprinting up a hill... Th-That sounds like the kind of stuff professional athletes do...
【Shizuku】Also, aren't we going to be streaming as we train?
【Shizuku】If so, I have to think that she's going to have us do activities that are also fun and appealing to our viewers, no?
【Haruka】Right. Airi always makes the enjoyment of our viewers a priority.
【Minori】By the way, Shizuku, what do you think she's gonna have us do?
【Shizuku】Hmm... I think... Oh, a high-endurance dance-off could be fun!
【Minori】Like the one they did on The Wide World of Laughs?!
【Haruka】A high-endurance dance-off...?
【Haruka】Airi was a regular on that show when she was still in QT, right? They had her participate in a dance-off?
【Minori】Yeah! You could even say that it was the first step she took towards becoming Airi the legendary variety idol!!
【Shizuku】She put on such a cool performance that time too.
【Haruka】Really? What did they have her do exactly?
【Minori】So, they had forty newbie idols split into two teams, red and white, and they had to keep dancing until the members of one side were all eliminated...!
【Shizuku】You had to dance like you meant it, and you were eliminated if you made a mistake or didn't quite execute a move properly.
【Haruka】That sounds like an event in and of itself... So, what happened during the show?
【Minori】Most of the idols made it through the first forty minutes, but Airi's teammates on the red team started getting eliminated one by one after an hour had passed...
【Minori】Not long after that, Airi was the only idol from the red team that remained.
【Shizuku】While the white team still had eleven.
【Minori】Yeah, that's right! I was so sure that the red team was done for...
【Minori】But that was Airi's moment! She danced for two and a half hours straight until everyone on the white team was eliminated!
【Haruka】Two and a half hours...? The others must've put up a good fight, but Airi really is something else.
【Minori】Exactly!
【Shizuku】I was at that station for some other business and got to see her for a bit...
【Minori】What?! You saw her legendary performance live?!
【Shizuku】Yes, I did.
【Shizuku】She really did dance like there was no tomorrow.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】The others seemingly tried doing everything they could, like dancing with a little less power, to save their energy, but they all looked like they were in so much pain...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001901
[Background Change] bg_d000101
【Shizuku】Airi had this beautiful smile on her face while she danced. It was as if she was performing live on stage right then and there.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Shizuku】I unfortunately had to leave before the end to go to my next appointment, but based on how dazzling she was, I knew the others didn't stand a chance.
【Shizuku】Which is why I was so happy when I actually saw it happen later on TV. I couldn't contain myself.
【Haruka】I see... That's such a nice story. I wish I could've seen that.
【Shizuku】Oh, we really went on a tangent there. We were discussing what we'll be doing during our training camp, yes...?
【Haruka】Yes, but that's fine. I really enjoyed this story.
【Minori】Hehe. We should ask Airi sometime about what things were like that time!
【Shizuku】Oh, that's a wonderful idea! I'd love to hear what she has to say.
【Haruka】Then, let's ask her during practice next time.
【Shizuku】Yes, let's!
[Sound] bgm00000
