【Azusawa Kohane — The Biggest Bite I Can Muster〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: The Biggest Bite I Can Muster（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Time to Take Off!
scenarioId: 009040_kohane01

[Background Change] bg_a001502
[Caption] Shibuya Park
【Kohane】Phew... Why don't we end practice here for today?
【An】Yeah, it is getting pretty late.
【Akito】Speaking of which, we'll be flying over to the States soon. You guys all done packing?
【Toya】Yes. Aside from the things I'll still be using until the night before, my suitcase is all packed.
【Kohane】Mine too. I even drew up a checklist to make sure I don't forget anything.
【An】Oh, Kohane, you're so prepared! Can you give me a copy later?
【Kohane】Hehe. Sure.
【Akito】Alright, all that's left is to hope for good weather and a smooth flight.
【Kohane】Actually, the other day, my dad said, “If the weather is bad enough, I wonder if your flight might end up canceled.”
【An】Hehe. I bet he's just lonely thinking he won't get to see you for a while!
【Kohane】I think you're right.
【Kohane】He's been so anxious lately. He even asked, “So, you're really going?” and, “It isn't a dangerous city, is it?”
【Toya】He must be concerned for your safety, Azusawa. It's kind of him to worry so much.
【Kohane】I know. He's been telling me not to stay out late and avoid back alleys where people wouldn't normally go. I appreciate his concern...
【Kohane】But then he said, “Always head straight back to your room without taking any detours,” and, “Don't follow strangers.”
【An】Yeah, but it's like Toya said! He's just worried about his little girl!
【Akito】Wait, what about you? Did your mom say anything?
【An】Mine? Hmm... She told me to be careful and stuff.
【An】But my dad's already over there. So, if anything does happen, I can call him or Uncle Taiga for help.
【Toya】Yes, it is nice to know that you have family members already over there.
【Kohane】While we're on the subject, Aoyagi, I'm glad that your dad said you could go. But I'm also a bit surprised.
【An】Yeah, me too! I think we were all pretty stunned when you said he okayed it.
【Toya】It means he trusts me at least somewhat... So I'm glad he did.
【Kohane】He trusts you...
【Kohane】Maybe my dad doesn't trust me, huh.
【An】No way!
【An】First, he gave you permission to sing at live houses, and now he's letting you take a trip to the United States. He's worried, but he's not stopping you from going!
【Toya】Right. He's allowing you to go with us on this trip, so I think he's just worried like any parent would be.
【Kohane】Yeah, you're probably right...
【Akito】And if he really starts to get on your case, you can just go, “so you don't trust me, is that it?”
【Akito】That should shut him up pretty quickly.
【Kohane】What?! Th-That'd be...
【Toya】Akito...
【Akito】What? All I did was tell her how to deal with someone who's being obnoxious.
【An】It's a pretty overpowered counter...
【Toya】I don't recommend following his advice, Azusawa.
【Kohane】Haha... My dad would be so deflated.
【Kohane】Oh, that reminds me...
【Kohane】After we land, I plan to send messages regularly. That should put my dad at ease a little.
【An】Great idea! You could even send pics of us having fun together!
【Kohane】Yeah!
【Kohane】(Dad's mentioned being interested in American cityscapes, so I should try to take as many photos as I can for him...)
【Kohane】(Hehe. This is going to be such a fun trip!)
[Sound] bgm00000
