【Kagamine Rin — Playing Tag With Lion Dance Robot〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kagamine Rin
Card: Playing Tag With Lion Dance Robot（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Happy New Year! Lion Dance Robot's New Year's Show!
scenarioId: 022023_rin02

[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Miku】Tsukasa and the others put on such a fun series of New Year's shows☆
【Rin】Yeah♪ On top of a mountain, at the mall...! We had to stay hidden while we watched, but they were all really exciting.
【MEIKO】Yes, they were! Each time I heard them sing, I had to do everything I could to stay quiet and not sing along.
【KAITO】I know what you mean. As much as it would've been nice to see how their audiences reacted, I think we got a good understanding of how everything went.
【Luka】Hehe. I feel the same way. It sounded like everybody had a lot of fun.
【Len】Huh? Hang on a second. Luka, you were dozing off the whole time...
【MEIKO】She was, but she probably heard them since she seemed to have no trouble nodding in time with the music.
【Luka】No, I heard them just fine. Remember how they shouted, “Ahh-ahah-ahah,” in the end as they swung through the jungle?
【Rin & Len】That never happened!
【MEIKO】Haha... I knew it. You definitely dreamed some of that.
【KAITO】Hearing the audience laugh and have fun must've been a nice lullaby to fall asleep to.
【Everyone】Haha! Hehe.
【Len】Lion Dance Robot seemed to have a lot of fun too!
【KAITO】I agree. From what I understand, all of those shows were also meant for him since he doesn't get to make many appearances outside of New Year's...
【MEIKO】Yes, that's right♪ It was so nice of them to do that for him!
【Rin】Hehe. Well, that's just who they are.
【Len】Do you think Lion Dance Robot had his fill of fun?
【KAITO】Hehe. I'm sure he did since all their shows went so well.
【Len】Right. I hope they do more shows with Lion Dance Robot next New Year's.
【Rin】Oh...
【Rin】Next time...
【Luka】Hm? Rin, is something wrong...?
【Rin】So... That means we won't get to see Lion Dance Robot again for a while...
【KAITO】Right... Sadly, he's specifically a “Lion Dance” Robot.
【Rin】We all have different traits and personalities, but can play a bunch of different roles, though?
【Rin】Isn't there a way to have Lion Dance Robot do stuff other than what he was originally intended for?
【MEIKO】Hmm... I see... I think I understand how you feel.
【KAITO】However, Tsukasa and the others are members of Phoenix Wonderland's cast, so producing a show for Lion Dance Robot each time won't be easy...
【KAITO】But we may be able to come up with some show ideas for him.
【Rin】...!
【Rin】Yeah! We can think of some clever ways to make it so Lion Dance Robot can be in lots more shows!
【Len】Oh, couldn't Lion Dance Robot play something strong and powerful, like a dragon?
【Miku】Yeah, totally☆ He's really good at wiggling and stuff!
【Luka】Hehe. If we give him a swim ring and a lei, he would be perfectly ready for the summer.
【KAITO】A swim ring? A lei is one thing, but it'll depend on the type of show you're doing...
【MEIKO】Wiggling is his forte, so he might make a good hula dancer, no?
【KAITO】Haha. Seeing Lion Dance Robot do different dances based on the season could be fun.
【Rin】Yeah! I wanna go tell Rui about this. Can I?
【KAITO】Then, I'll go with you. We can ask him about this together.
【Rin】Really? Thanks, KAITO!
【Len】Oh, I wanna go too! It'd be great to do more shows with Lion Dance Robot!
【Miku】Me three☆
【MEIKO】Alright, I think I'll join you all. Especially since it means we'll get to do a show with him if we receive the okay.
【Luka】Hehe. Then, I'd also like to go.
【Luka】I agree that it would be nice to do more shows with Lion Dance Robot.
【Rin】Yeah! Thanks, Luka!
【Rin】So, let's go talk to them!
【Everyone】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
