【MEIKO — Spring Menu Tasting〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: Spring Menu Tasting（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Connected Through SEKAI's Cherry Blossoms
scenarioId: 025017_meiko01

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【Kohane】And this is that photo...
【MEIKO】Kohane, An, thank you for waiting. Here's your cafe au lait with cream and honey, and your milk tea.
[Sound] se00059
【Kohane】Thank you, MEIKO.
【An】Mmm... It's like you always know how to make the tea you brew have this great aroma, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I'm glad you like it so much.
【MEIKO】Rin, would you like some more juice?
【Rin】No, I'm okay! More importantly, MEIKO, you should look at this photo.
【MEIKO】What photo?
【Kohane】Oh, it's this photo... It's the cherry blossom tree in the park where we usually practice.
[Sound] se00183
【MEIKO】Look at that. You can see some little, pink buds. They're so cute.
【MEIKO】(I guess that means it's almost spring.)
【An】Cherry blossoms in other places have already started blooming, so this one should follow suit pretty soon.
【Rin】Cherry blossoms sound so nice. I wish we could get a taste of spring like you guys.
【MEIKO】Hmm... A taste of spring, huh...?
【MEIKO】(In that case...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00020
【Rin】MEIKO, I'm done cleaning the cups and saucers.
【MEIKO】Thank you, Rin. I appreciate the help.
【Rin】Hehe. You're welcome! Is that all for today?
【MEIKO】Yes, I'll be using the rest of this time to come up with new menu items.
【Rin】What?! New menu items?!
【MEIKO】Hehe. That's right.
【MEIKO】I thought it'd be nice to make some pink drinks and such based on the cherry blossom buds we saw in that photo.
【MEIKO】And remember what you said, Rin? Don't you want to get a taste of spring?
【Rin】I do! Oh, can I help come up with ideas for your menu?
【MEIKO】Of course! I was actually going to ask you the same thing.
【Rin】Yay! Thank you so much, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】It's my pleasure. Why don't we start by brainstorming together?
【Rin】Okay!
【MEIKO】Alright, that should be more than enough.
【Rin】We came up with so many! Hot sandwiches that look like cherry blossom petals, pink crepes and a cherry blossom chiffon cake!
【MEIKO】Hehe. We should keep cherry blossom pancakes in mind for Akito too.
【MEIKO】As for drinks... It's starting to warm back up but it still feels dry out...
【MEIKO】Kohane and the others usually like to stop by after practice, so why don't we put the drink menu together first?
【Rin】Okay! They gotta be pink since it's gonna be all about cherry blossoms!
【MEIKO】Yes, I agree. We could try using strawberry syrup in a slightly clever way to give our drinks that pink tone.
【Rin】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【Rin】MEIKO, look! This is all nice and pink now!
【MEIKO】Hey, look at that. Let's give it a taste...
【MEIKO】Oh, so close! The strawberry flavor's still too overpowering.
【Rin】You think so too? Alright, we'll just have to cut back on the syrup somehow.
【MEIKO】Okay, here's our second new menu item. A cherry blossom smoothie.
[Sound] se00059
【Rin】Oh wow! The whipped cream on top even looks kinda pink!
【Rin】Let's give it a taste!
【MEIKO】How is it...? I tried suppressing the sweetness a bit to smoothen out how it tastes...
【Rin】This is so good! But personally, I think the whipped cream should be a little sweeter.
【MEIKO】Alright, I'll try making the next batch a little sweeter.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
【Rin】Wow... My mouth tastes so sugary now...
【MEIKO】Hehe. Let me pour you a nice palette cleanser.
【Rin】Okay. Thanks, MEIKO.
【Rin】Do you always have to eat and drink this much to come up with new menu items?
【MEIKO】Yes. Why do you ask?
【Rin】I remember this process being really tough the other time I helped you.
【Rin】Getting to try everything is nice, but it all starts to taste the same after a while on top of my tummy getting full.
【MEIKO】Hehe. Some of my experiments will fail completely, but I still have to take responsibility and eat them. For example, pancakes that don't end up tasting very good.
【Rin】That can't be easy. How are you able to keep coming up with new things for your menu...?
【MEIKO】Because there's nothing better than seeing everyone trying my new creations and saying, “This is delicious!”
【Rin】Wait, that's all it takes...?
【MEIKO】Yes, that's all it takes. I became hooked after my first few attempts.
【Rin】Haha! Then, I hope the others say the same for what we're making right now.
【MEIKO】Me too. But we still have to keep trying for that to happen.
【MEIKO】And here's your palette cleanser. Let's get right back to it after we've had a chance to rest.
[Sound] se00059
【Rin】Okay! I'm gonna do my best too!
[Sound] bgm00000
