【Shiraishi An — Excited & Anxious〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Shiraishi An
Card: Excited & Anxious（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Aim Higher and Higher!
scenarioId: 010044_an02

[Background Change] bg_c003303
[Caption] SONIC NOTES
[Sound] se00324_b
【An】Wow! They were so amazing!!
【Kohane】Yeah, I was completely blown away. It's hard to believe that a three-piece band could put on such a powerful performance...
【Toya】Despite how large this venue is, they made it feel like we were all in the front row of the audience.
【Akito】Yeah, that was pretty cool. I guess this is what it means to be world-class...
【Cedric】All of these artists have made this venue theirs after taking the stage. That's the biggest proof that they're top performers.
【An】Yeah, I totally agree. And the crowd's been going absolutely wild.
【An】It's like they're into everything, you know? Like they all came here to have as much fun as they can.
【Kohane】Even when that street group performed, the audience reacted really well.
【Akito】You always hear that Americans are expressive, but seeing it live like this is something else.
【Cedric】Things probably feel a little different compared to Japan, but this is pretty normal here.
【Slade】Yeah, we noticed that about audiences in Japan after performing there a few times.
【An】People back home don't usually show what they're feeling so openly, I guess.
【Kohane】Japanese people might be a little less expressive compared to everyone here.
【An】Yeah, but when things get going, they'll bounce off the walls like crazy!
【Slade】Haha. True! The atmosphere at RAD BLAST was pretty awesome!
【An】Haha. Thanks. I'm glad you guys had a good time!
【Toya】You may have more in common with the audience over here, Shiraishi.
【An】Wait, you think so?
【Akito】He brings up a good point... You get just about as pumped as them whenever you go to see a show.
【An】I mean, my body just sorta starts moving on its own.
【An】Isn't it normal to cheer like crazy during a really amazing show?!
【Slade】I know what you mean! There's nothing like becoming one with everyone by cheering together!
【Cedric】It's an integral part of a good event.
【Kohane】Becoming one with everyone...
【Kohane】I might try doing that.
【Akito】What's gotten into you all of a sudden?
【Kohane】We're here in the United States, so shouldn't we try to enjoy it as much as we can?
【Kohane】If I can cheer just as much as the people around me, I think I'll get a better feeling for the event itself.
【An】Yeah, that's a great idea! We can do that together!
[Sound] se00323_b
【An】Oh, the next group's about to take the stage!
【An】Join me, Kohane! Yay!!
【Kohane】Y-Yay...!
【An】Yeah, that's it! But I know you can be a lot louder!
【An】One more time! Yay!!
【Kohane】Yay!
【Slade】Oh, that's much better!
【An】Yeah! I can tell you're having a lot of fun!
【Kohane】Hehe. Thank goodness...
【Akito】What are those goofballs up to?
【Cedric】They certainly seem to be enjoying themselves.
【Toya】I do agree that you need to dive in headfirst if you wish to experience a culture properly.
【Toya】I've made up my mind. I'll join in as well.
【Akito】What? You're kidding, right?
【An】Oh, good man, Toya! We can all cheer together!
【An】Yay!!
[Sound] se00324_b
[Sound] bgm00000
