【Momoi Airi — What I Can Do For Them〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: What I Can Do For Them（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Hear Me! Hopeful Show♪
scenarioId: 007007_airi02

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Airi】Our show was a huge success, and I was thinking we could talk about what to do next but...
【Airi】Minori's still not here. Again!
【Haruka】Yes. It's her day to care for the animals today, so she'll be running late.
【Airi】Should we wait until she gets here?
【Shizuku】Hehe. You're so fired up, Airi.
【Airi】Of course I am! We put on a great show, and we're finally getting off the ground!
【Airi】Oh, also! Our show reminded me of something! I want you all to take a look at this...
【Haruka】Hm?
【Airi】I was going through the comments people posted about our show and finally found this...
【Haruka】Oh, they're talking about Minori...
【Haruka】This person said, It's pretty amazing how she learned to dance like that in such a short amount of time, isn't it?
【Shizuku】They're starting to see just how hard she works.
【Haruka】They are. Honestly, there should be more people commenting on how well she did.
【Haruka】Oh, that's right. I found this too...
【Haruka】Look. This is from someone's blog...
【Airi】This person looks like they're a fan of a lot of different idols. Let's see...
【Airi】Is the newbie idol, Minori Hanasato, there to create buzz for the group...?
【Airi】Including one girl who has no professional experience in the business may be a ploy to attract attention to the group.
【Airi】I was under this impression and believed that others may be as well.
【Shizuku】However, the joint stream and show they recently put on seems to prove otherwise.
【Shizuku】The other members of the group seem to solemnly believe in her based on that performance. At least, that is now my understanding.
【Airi】Whoa, this person's got a good eye! Thank you, that's what we've been trying to say!
【Shizuku】Hehe. I think I'll start looking for comments and posts about Minori too.
【Airi】Oh, let's all look her up online while we wait for her to get here!
【Haruka】Okay. Let's find as much as we can and give her the good news.
[Sound] se00183
[Sound] se00183
【Haruka】No, that's not her...
【Airi】Hmm... Her name alone might not be enough. Maybe a different keyword or something will...
【Shizuku】Airi...
【Airi】I know, I know. You're not sure how to look things up, right? Here, give me your phone...
【Shizuku】Thank you!
【Airi】You go here and...
【Shizuku】Okay. Press search and... Oh!
【Shizuku】Look! There's a video about copying Minori's part of our dance routine!
【Haruka】You're right! Someone already posted a video like this...?
【Shizuku】Oh, there's a comment from the poster too.
【Shizuku】They said, I keep messing up the same part! How on earth did Minori learn to do this...?!
【Airi】Hehe. The answer is moxie, willpower and trying until you succeed!
【Haruka】You sound so proud of her...
【Shizuku】Hehe. Oh, Airi...
【Haruka】Hey, I found another one too. Look, caricatures of us!
【Airi】Wow, Minori's in the middle too!
【Haruka】The person that posted this seems to be a big idol fan too. The fact that they put Minori in the middle means...
【Airi】They have better eyes than all those dumb judges that kept failing Minori during her auditions!
【Airi】It looks like they put a lot of effort into this too! It's almost as if they really care about her!
【Haruka】Hehe. It's like you're staring into a mirror, Airi.
【Shizuku】Airi actually mentioned something about Minori the other day, Haruka...
【Shizuku】She said she doesn't want Minori to experience the same thing she did.
【Haruka】...
【Shizuku】She was so worried about Minori too...
【Haruka】I see, so that's why...
【Haruka & Shizuku】...
【Airi】Hm? Why are you two grinning like that?
【Haruka】Oh, nothing.
【Shizuku】Hehe. Don't mind us.
【Airi】That definitely means you're not telling me something...
【Airi】Come on, out with it!
【Haruka】Hehe. It's a secret...
【Airi】You are hiding something!
【Airi】Ugh! Just tell me already...!
[Sound] bgm00000
