【Tenma Saki — Fun Like A Dream〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: Fun Like A Dream（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Find the Dream View
scenarioId: 002046_saki02

[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Diner
【Saki】We all have our drinks, right?! So...
【Saki】Here's to a job well done! Cheers!
【Ichika, Honami & Shiho】Cheers! Cheers.
[Sound] se00163_b
【Saki】Mmm! Why does the first glass of juice after a show always taste so good?!
【Honami】Probably because we all worked so hard.
【Ichika】Thank goodness it ended up going so well.
【Shiho】The crowd seemed to like it. I'm pretty sure we put on the best performance we possibly could at this point.
【Saki】Oh, I know! Why don't we just move right into a compliment conference right here?
【Ichika】Compliment conference?
【Shiho】Another weird idea...
【Saki】Hey, we put on a super duper amazing show today! I wanna talk about all the things we did well!
【Saki】We can have our usual debrief right after. So, Shiho, throw me a bone!
【Shiho】Yeah, alright... We did work pretty hard this time around.
【Saki】Yay! You two are also okay with this, right, Ichi, Hona?
【Honami】Yes, I'd also like to take this opportunity to compliment how well you all did.
【Saki】Then, I'll start by showering all of you with love and praise!
【Ichika】Now that I know I'm going to be praised, I'm starting to get a little anxious...
【Saki】Then I'll start with anxious Ichi over here!
【Saki】What did you do well...? Basically, everything! The way you sang and played your guitar was so powerful... I know you blew the crowd away!
【Ichika】Saki...
【Saki】Oh, that also goes for your Blue Moments solo!
【Saki】The arrangement we came up with was really tricky, so it can't have been easy... But seeing you work hard in practice was a huge source of motivation for me!
【Saki】And then you totally nailed it during the show!
【Ichika】Thanks... But I couldn't have done it without all of you.
【Ichika】Shiho, you gave me a ton of great advice as we practiced our solos. All of you really helped me out.
【Shiho】What are friends for?
【Saki】Hehe♪ Alright, Shiho, you're up next!
【Saki】You were awesome during the show, but you really carried us while we were prepping for it too.
【Saki】It was pretty tough for a bit after we got announced and we saw all those comments online...
【Saki】But then you reminded us that pros have their duty, and that all we can do is do our best.
【Saki】So, thank you!
【Shiho】All I did was say what was on my mind.
【Saki】Next, Hona, you're up!
【Saki】You did an amazing job of keeping us moving forward during practice and during the show!
【Saki】Your drums gave me so much power during the show, especially!
【Honami】Really...?
【Ichika】I agree. The way you started off the show made it clear that you were determined to succeed. That was really encouraging.
【Honami】I see... My goal was to lead you all and support you along the way with my drums.
【Honami】So I'm glad that you all understood my feelings.
【Saki】Finally, it's my turn to praise myself!
【Shiho】Wait, you're gonna praise yourself?
【Saki】Yeah! I mean, I also worked super hard for this♪
【Saki】Oh, but... Since we're here, Shiho, can you try showering me with praise?
【Shiho】Huh...?
【Shiho】Alright, fine. It is true that you worked really hard.
【Shiho】Okay, let's see... Remember how we suddenly decided to rearrange your part during the rehearsal?
【Shiho】We made that change just a few hours before the show, but you nailed it.
【Shiho】I was reminded again just how adaptable you are.
【Saki】...! Thank you so much, Shiho!
【Ichika】Come to think of it, didn't you basically start over from scratch while we were in the green room?
【Ichika】The way you obsessed over it until the last minute made me want to do everything I could to make sure we succeeded.
【Saki】Hehe...
【Honami】I also thought you did a wonderful job during the show, Saki. You just seemed to have so much fun getting the audience going.
【Honami】They probably couldn't help but smile after seeing you play for them.
【Saki】Wow... I wasn't expecting to be showered with this much praise...!
【Saki】I'm so happy that my cheeks might melt away!
【Ichika】Melt?
【Saki】But really, all of us worked super hard for this!
【Ichika】Yeah. It was our first big arena show, and we were opening for Ms. Naruse and her band on top of that. There was a lot of pressure, and I was honestly pretty worried...
【Ichika】But we were able to succeed because we all worked together.
【Shiho】I agree.
【Saki】Me too! I feel like we'll be able to do anything as long as we stick together!
【Saki】So, let's keep producing amazing music for everyone as Leo/need forever and ever♪
[Sound] bgm00000
