【KAITO — It's About The Particulars, No?〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: KAITO
Card: It's About The Particulars, No?（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Walk on and on
scenarioId: 026019_kaito02

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
[Sound] se00006
【An】Heya! MEIKO, everyone, are you all here?
【MEIKO】Oh, welcome!
【Rin】It feels like it's been so long since all four of you last visited together!
【Akito】We can't stay long since our event's fast approaching on top of us getting two new songs ready for it.
【KAITO】Wait, two new songs? I thought you guys were just doing the one that you and An wrote, Akito.
【An】We didn't plan for two originally. Toya ended up making his own track.
【An】And it was so awesome that we felt like we had to sing it during our next event!
【Rin】Cool! Way to go, Toya! Does this mean what we discussed with Kohane that time...?
【KAITO】Rin, shush!
【Akito】Hm? What was that?
【Rin】*Gasp* Uhh... What I meant was... I thought it was just you and An doing the songwriting, Akito!
【Akito】Huh? Yeah, we just went over that.
【Toya】Mind if I asked you all to listen to it...? I put quite a lot of thought into this song.
【KAITO】Toya...
[Sound] se00053
【Kohane】I know I'm being a little selfish by wanting to make my own track. I get that I should be focusing on putting on a good performance right now...
【Toya】What's wrong with doing what you want to do? If I were in your position, Azusawa, I would've made the same decision.
【KAITO】Hehe.
【KAITO】(I see. Toya was in the same position as her.)
【Rin】Yeah, I wanna hear it! Show us what you made, Toya!
【KAITO】I'd like to hear it as well!
【Toya】Okay, I'll play it now.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【MEIKO】Toya... You made this...?
【Rin】That's so cool! I didn't know you could make anything like this! It's like my heart's ready to jump out of my chest right now!
【KAITO】Yes, it's quite incredible... I can tell that you took a long, hard look at your music in order to make this.
【Toya】Thank you. This wouldn't have been possible without all of you.
【Toya】And I'm so glad that I can finally tell you all about it...
【KAITO】(Since this is Toya we're talking about, I have a feeling that something was going on... But it must've been so hard for him to keep this a secret.)
【MEIKO】Still, it's a very good track. I agree with Rin. I'm also getting this strange feeling in my chest.
【KAITO】Yes, and I have a feeling that it has the power to get any crowd going.
【KAITO】You come across these sorts of songs from time to time when you're a DJ.
【KAITO】Songs where the way the crowd reacts makes it feel like they were meant to be played by me.
【Akito】Huh? What do you mean...?
【KAITO】I get to listen to it from the closest position. I essentially have the best seat in the house.
【KAITO】And this is just one of those songs, you know?
【KAITO】You'll be the ones performing this on stage. That means you're also going to be in the best seats.
【KAITO】I have a feeling that your track is going to propel everybody forward, Toya.
【Toya】Forward... That would make me very happy.
【KAITO】Actually, I believe it's already having that effect.
【KAITO】I mean, you're all probably having trouble containing yourselves after listening to his track, no?
【Akito】Well... Of course... It's way different from the tracks I usually make, and it made me want to work on it.
【An】I felt the same way. I'm coming up with the lyrics for Toya's song and keep thinking that I can do better!
【Kohane】Yeah... I want to gain more experience as a performer and sing in a way that shows everyone how much thought you all put into your songs!
【KAITO】(And I need to do what I can to help make Kohane's track the best it can be!)
【Rin】Alright, Kohane, let's do our best...!
【An】Wait, Rin, just Kohane?
【Rin】H-Haha! Don't worry about that!
【MEIKO】The way they all push each other forward... They really are an incredible team.
【KAITO】Yes, indeed♪ As long as they keep doing that, they should naturally get better and better.
【KAITO】So, I'm all for them taking on these sorts of new challenges.
【Rin】Hmm... New challenges, huh...?
[Sound] bgm00000
【KAITO】Hm? Do you also want to try something new, Rin?
【Rin】No, not me. You, KAITO. You should try doing something new.
【KAITO】Me? Such as...?
【Rin】Um... Like... Cleaning the cafe!
[Sound] bgm00015
【KAITO】What...?
【Rin】Opening and closing each day might be good too.
【An】Hehe...! Yeah, it might do you some good.
【KAITO】Haha... Cleaning the cafe, as well as opening and closing...
【KAITO】Taking on new challenges is certainly important, but so is dividing up the work.
【KAITO】For example, I contribute to this cafe by drinking coffee every day and checking to make sure it tastes okay.
【KAITO】Well, to be fair, it always tastes delicious!
【Rin】Ugh! KAITO, you never take anything seriously!
【KAITO】Haha!
[Sound] bgm00000
