【Tenma Tsukasa — The Outcome Of My Choice〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: The Outcome Of My Choice（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Wonder Magical Showtime!
scenarioId: 013011_tsukasa02

[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Alright! Project Wonder went off without a hitch, and once Emu gets here, let's start talking about what sorts of shows we'll be doing moving forward.
【Rui】Yes, including what we'll be doing as ambassadors as well.
【Nene】Yeah, it sounds like Wonderlands×Showtime has gotten pretty famous now too.
【Rui】We may have the Show Contest to thank for that since we sat at #1 or #2 through its duration.
【Nene】Right. At the same time, things don't really feel all that different.
【Emu's Voice】Hey, everyone! Thanks for waiting...!
【Tsukasa】There you are, Emu. Don't worry, we just got here as well...
[Sound] se00100
[Sound] se00049
【Tsukasa】What?! W-Where are you going, Emu?!
【Emu's Voice】Huh?
[Sound] se00100
【Emu】What are you guys doing all the way over here?
【Nene】You're the one that flew past us...
【Rui】Hehe. There must be a reason you hurried over here like that. Would you like to tell us?
【Emu】Yeah! I was just talking to my brothers about us becoming ambassadors♪
【Tsukasa】Great! They did mention something about us performing at venues outside this park...
【Tsukasa】Does that mean it's actually happening?!
【Emu】No, not yet!
【Tsukasa】Gah... Then what is it?
【Emu】Uh... They said that it's really important and wanted to sit down with us to talk about it...!
【Emu】So they want to set up a meeting.
【Rui】Yes, this is quite a big step we'll be taking for Phoenix Wonderland.
【Rui】As they say, Rome wasn't built in a day.
【Emu】Oh, I almost forgot! They also said that because it's us, people are expecting to see more super amazing stuff like the show we just did♪
【Tsukasa】Is that so? Your brothers have finally realized that the sky's the limit for us?!
【Tsukasa】Heh. This world will finally be able to bear witness to my greatness.
【Nene】Ignoring what he just said, what kinds of shows are we gonna be putting on exactly?
【Nene】I have to think that we'll be performing in places with much bigger crowds...
【Emu】Hmm... Somewhere away from this park where lots and lots of people hang out...
【Emu】I know! It's the Scramble Crossing!!
【Nene】That's literally right there...!
【Nene】Are you sure your brothers don't want us to go somewhere, you know, a little further away...?
【Tsukasa】No, that could actually work. It's somewhere people of all ages gather, including tourists!
【Nene】You're kidding, right?!
【Rui】Yes, I see. There's also hardly ever a time when that station isn't busy, so performing around there may not be a bad idea.
【Rui】We may even be given the opportunity to participate in various events throughout the country.
【Nene】You're for this, Rui?!
【Rui】Hehe. We're free to speculate all we want, no?
【Rui】We could even adjust the themes of each of our shows to match the local cultures of the places we visit. Wouldn't that be something?
【Emu】Yeah...! Like, um...! If we go somewhere that snows a lot, we could have a whole show about snowmen♪
【Tsukasa】Yes, that would be brilliant!
【Nene】Okay, fine... Do whatever you like...
【Emu】And if it's somewhere by the sea, we could do a show that takes place underwater!
【Tsukasa】Yes, that too...
【Tsukasa】No, how on earth would we do that?!
【Rui & Emu】Aww...
【Tsukasa】Why are you giving me that look?!
【Rui】Because it would've been fun to do a show underwater...
【Tsukasa】Yes, I know...
【Tsukasa】Anyways! Wherever it is we do end up going, what we do won't change!
【Tsukasa】We'll be bringing joy to everyone with our shows...!
【Rui】Hehehe. Yes, I agree. Well said, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】I appreciate your ideas, but an underwater show is going a little too far...
【Rui】But this is when you're supposed to say, Leave it to me! You're supposed to take on these sorts of challenges, Tsukasa...!
【Rui】But you're saying no to this...! Why...? Why, Tsukasa...?!
【Emu】Please, Rui, don't cry...! Tsukasa, you big meanie! Stop bullying Rui!
【Tsukasa】Okay, okay. You won't fool me with this sort of farce. Right, Nene?
【Nene】Oh, Tsukasa, you horrible, horrible person...!
【Tsukasa】You too?! Don't you all realize just how hard it's going to be to do an entire show underwater?!
【Nene】We'll be fine. You can handle all of the tough parts.
【Tsukasa】Don't dump it all on me!
【Emu】Hahaha!
【Tsukasa】Regardless, until we get more details about what we'll be doing, we still have to put on shows here as we always have.
【Emu】Yup♪ Oh, I know!
【Emu】Until we do know more, what if we do a show about us becoming Phoenix Wonderland's ambassadors?
【Rui】I see. Now that we have some name recognition, it could help create even more buzz for us.
【Nene】Yeah. That's actually a pretty good idea, Emu.
【Emu】Yay! Nene liked my idea♪
【Tsukasa】Alright, then we'll run with that idea for our next show!
[Sound] bgm00000
