【Momoi Airi — Lots Of Love For My Junior〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Lots Of Love For My Junior（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Our Precious Memories
scenarioId: 007028_airi01

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Airi】Okay, is that about all for our meeting about the stream?
【Minori】Yep! We're staying here to go straight into practice today, right? I'll do my best!
【Haruka】Oh, sorry. Can I have a second before that?
【Haruka】There's something I want to talk to you guys about...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】A hundred things she wants to do...
[Sound] bgm00180
【Shizuku】Wow...! That's a wonderful notebook that Saki has.
【Minori】I bet having a notebook like that would make every day more fun since you'd be thinking about which thing to do next!
【Haruka】Hehe, that's true.
【Haruka】And one of the items on her list was “Go to a concert featuring my favorite idol”.
【Minori】Saki's favorite idol? In other words...
【Airi】Did she mean...me?
【Haruka】Yes, I think she did.
【Airi】(She wrote that list when she was in the hospital, right...?)
【Airi】(Back then, I was mainly doing variety shows and didn't get to appear in many concerts...)
【Airi】(But she still wanted to go to one of my concerts.)
【Haruka】So, I was wondering if we could do something alongside Airi to let Saki accomplish what she wanted to do...
【Haruka】What do you all think?
【Airi】C'mon...
【Airi】There's no way I wouldn't be in!
【Shizuku】Yes, I'd like to join as well. Saki is always looking after Shii, after all.
【Minori】Me too, me too! I want to help Saki accomplish what she wanted to do!
【Haruka】Thanks, everyone.
【Airi】Alright, it's decided! So, let's go ahead and decide what kind of show we should go for!
【Airi】The set list, what to do about equipment... Oh, and we'll need to set the date and time sooner rather than later!
【Shizuku】Hehe. You're so full of motivation, Airi.
【Airi】Of course I am! Saki's my dear junior and a treasured fan.
【Haruka】Saki's been rooting for you ever since your variety show days, after all.
【Airi】Right. Even when we first met, the first words out of her mouth were about how she used to watch me on TV, and how it always cheered her up...
【Airi】(That made me really happy.)
【Airi】(Back then... I wasn't able to see the Happy Everyday version of myself as an idol who gave people hope.)
【Airi】(Because of what she said, I was able to think of myself as someone who'd managed to deliver hope...)
【Airi】And every time we've met since, she's told me what she thought of our streams and all that, so she's been a great source of encouragement!
【Airi】So, now it's my turn! I wanna make this the best show possible so I can give Saki lots of hope and energy!
【Shizuku】Airi...
【Minori】Yeah...! I'll do my absolute best to make sure Saki enjoys it!
【Haruka】Then, shall we talk through the details of the show before our practice?
【Minori】Yeah!
【Airi】Where should we begin... As well as the time and date, we'll also want to decide the set list soon considering the practice we'll need to do.
【Minori】Oh! Then, how about we include an Airi solo?
【Minori】If my favorite idol sang a solo just for me... I'm confident I would pass out from the joy!
【Airi】What kind of confidence is that...?
【Airi】Still, you're right... If it'll make Saki happy, I want to do it!
【Airi】I'll try to make a list of songs that Saki might like, so I want all of your opinions too!
【Shizuku】Yes, of course!
【Haruka】Also, for the location, I'm sure Saki's also busy with her band practices, so I'm thinking it'd be best to do it here at school...
【Airi】(Hehe, seems like things are going to get busy.)
【Airi】(I'm gonna do my best to make sure Saki accomplishes what she wanted to do in the best way possible!)
[Sound] bgm00000
