【Mochizuki Honami — Swimming Lessons in the Sea〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Mochizuki Honami
Card: Swimming Lessons in the Sea（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: The BEST Summer Ever!
scenarioId: 003011_honami02

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Honami】It feels like it's been so long since we last came to SEKAI.
【Shiho】Yeah. We were only at the Seaside School for a few days, but I get what you mean.
【Saki】Hehe. It was so much fun too!
【Ichika】It really was. It came and went so quickly too.
【Shiho】It was a nice break from our usual routine, but I'm sure we're all ready to get back to it.
【Honami】Right!
[Sound] se00046
【Miku】Oh, you're all here! Welcome back.
【Ichika】Thanks. It's nice to be back.
【MEIKO】Since you're all here, does this mean you're going back to practicing like normal?
【Honami】Yes. But before we start...
【Honami】We brought back some gifts for all of you.
【Miku】You did?
【Shiho】Yes. You've done so much for us until now, so we wanted to give back by bringing back some stuff from our trip.
【MEIKO】Oh, are these fish-shaped oshikura-manju?
【Shiho】Yes, they're called Fish-kura because of that. The place we stayed at is apparently famous for them.
【Luka】Hehe. It's just like you to choose these, Shiho.
【Shiho】What...? I know they look cute, but they're supposed to be pretty good...
【Saki】Wait, didn't you say that you thought they were super cute when we found them...?
【Honami】Hehe. She sure did.
【Shiho】Are you sure? Anyway, Saki, you're next.
【Saki】Okay!
【Saki】I brought.. Sea candy!
【Luka】Sea candy?
【Saki】Yup! When you put one in your mouth, it turns into a burst of sea aromas!
【Ichika】But it also says that they're all lychee-flavored.
【MEIKO】Oh, I guess it's not 100% ocean-themed.
【Miku】But they're supposed to give you the sensation of being by the beach or the ocean, right?
【Luka】Yes, I'm sure they will since they're named as such.
【Honami】I think they really like your gift, Saki.
【Saki】Right!
【Ichika】Mind if I go next? I brought a tray of seashells...
【Miku】Oh, they're so big. This one even looks like a rainbow on the inside!
【Ichika】That one...? Oh, I think it's the scallop shell that I found on the beach.
【Ichika】I heard that polishing it a certain way makes it shine like that, so I tried it after I got home.
【Honami】You spent quite a bit of time on it too.
【Ichika】They were all sun-bleached white, but I'm glad I was at least able to get its color back on the inside.
【Ichika】They might not be big or deep enough to use as tableware, but I'm sure they'll make for some nice decorations.
【Miku】Thank you, Ichika.
【Miku】It might be just the right size for the candy Saki brought us or guitar picks. Either way, I promise to cherish it.
【Ichika】Right!
【Honami】And finally, my gift to you is...
【Luka】Oh, photo frames. They've been decorated with sea glass too.
【MEIKO】Yes, these colors are so beautiful!
【Honami】I'm glad you like them.
【Ichika】This is amazing...! Each piece is a different size, but you got them to fit together so well!
【Shiho】Yeah, that's Honami the artisan for you.
【Honami】Hehe. You're both exaggerating.
【Shiho】But where did you get these? I don't think I saw any sea glass on the beach.
【Ichika】My group tried looking too, but we couldn't find any.
【Honami】Emu was the one who showed us a nice spot where we could find some.
【Saki】Hehe. We found a bunch, huh? Which is why...
【Honami】Here! We made photo frames for you too, Ichika, Shiho!
【Shiho】You did...?!
【Ichika】You could've said something sooner... We would've brought something for you too...
【Saki】But that would defeat the whole purpose of this surprise, wouldn't it?
【Honami】We even made some frames for ourselves.
【Saki】Yeah! So we all have a matching set!
【Saki】I even brought Seaside School pics, so let's find some good ones and put these to use right away!
【Shiho】You brought pictures? Someone came prepared...
【Ichika】They really did... Thank you very much, Honami, Saki.
【Miku】Mind if I look too? I'm sure we'll still have plenty of time to practice afterward.
【Luka】Oh, I'd like to as well. Would that be alright with you?
【Honami】Yes, of course!
[Sound] bgm00000
