【Tenma Saki — Because We're Together〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: Because We're Together（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Our Starry Sky Leading to the Future
scenarioId: 002038_saki01

[Background Change] bg_d001203
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
【Saki】I brought you some tea, Tsukasa! It's really hot, so be careful.
[Sound] se00423_b
【Tsukasa】Ah, much appreciated!
[Sound] se00764
【Tsukasa】*Sigh* Nothing beats a cup of tea after a nice meal.
【Saki】It is pretty relaxing.
[Sound] se00764
【Tsukasa】Come to think of it, you're going to be filming the music video for your debut song soon. Do you feel ready...?
【Saki】Ready? I mean, I know more or less how it's gonna be shot and stuff...
【Saki】Oh, that reminds me! I was gonna ask you a question about it!
【Tsukasa】Me?
【Saki】Yeah. Apparently, we won't just be playing our song. They're gonna film us doing a bunch of other stuff.
【Saki】Like sitting on stairs or walking down underground passageways and stuff. The usual things you see in these kinds of music videos.
【Saki】Oh, but we won't be going outside. It's all gonna be shot at a special studio...
【Tsukasa】Ah, interesting! And I'm sure it'll turn out great!
【Saki】Hmm... But I'm worried about how I'm gonna look, you know?
【Saki】I really hope I don't freeze up or something while we're shooting...!
【Tsukasa】Hm? But you've always liked having your picture taken, no...?
【Tsukasa】People such as yourself always seem to be more in their element when they see a camera pointed at them.
【Saki】Yeah, when I'm hanging out with people and stuff! But we're talking about our professional debut here. A real music video...
【Saki】I'm gonna be sooo nervous! I'm willing to bet the ice cream I always have for dessert on that!
【Tsukasa】Your confidence in that matter isn't particularly encouraging...
【Tsukasa】Hmm...
【Tsukasa】By the way, have you been told what sorts of expressions you should be making throughout...?
【Saki】Umm... The director who's on site that day is supposed to tell us what to do.
【Saki】But our manager said that we shouldn't be asked to do anything that difficult since it'll be based on our song's overall feel and lyrics.
【Tsukasa】I see...
【Tsukasa】Then, your task is simple!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saki】Wait, really?! Go on!
【Tsukasa】All you have to do...
【Tsukasa】Is focus on your own feelings!!
[Sound] se00209_b
【Saki】Oh...! Wait, huh...?
【Saki】Uhh... What do you mean by that?
【Tsukasa】The facial expressions you make need to be reflective of your song's theme and lyrics, yes?
【Tsukasa】In that case, I believe you should try to focus on the lyrics being covered during each cut and what you want to convey.
[Sound] bgm00171
【Tsukasa】Stay true to your feelings, know how you want people to view your song and do what you can to help yourself succeed.
【Saki】Oh...
【Tsukasa】It's going to be your first time doing anything like this, so you likely won't be able to help worrying about the cameras.
【Tsukasa】But I think you'll do just fine as long as you stay true to your feelings.
【Tsukasa】Also, you'll have Ichika, Honami, Shiho and your manager there with you, will you not?
【Tsukasa】On your own, this would be incredibly challenging. But you should all be able to overcome this challenge together.
【Tsukasa】For one thing, you can encourage one another to alleviate the tension.
【Saki】Yeah, you're absolutely right...!
【Saki】I want lots and lots of people to hear our music... I want to move their hearts...!
【Saki】And this shoot is our first step towards making that happen!
【Tsukasa】Yes, that's the spirit!
【Tsukasa】You are the younger sister of a future star! There is no doubt that you are destined for greatness!
【Saki】Tsukasa...!
【Saki】Thanks so much! I feel a lot better about this now!
【Tsukasa】Yes, I'm sure you do!
【Tsukasa】I can't be there with you during your shoot, but you have my support! Do your best, Saki!
【Saki】I will!
[Sound] bgm00000
