【Hinomori Shizuku — Lady Valentine〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hinomori Shizuku
Card: Lady Valentine（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Secret Operation Valentine's Day
scenarioId: 008014_shizuku01

[Background Change] bg_a002302
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Minori】Isn't this the first time just the three of us went somewhere together like this?
【Shizuku】I believe so. It usually really is all four of us when we go home or stop by a store.
【Shizuku】(I was really hoping that Airi would join us but...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a000803
【Shizuku】I heard that the Japanese confectionary shop at the mall is selling these special sweets only for the next two days.
【Airi】What?! Special sweets...?
【Shizuku】Yes! How about we head over to try some together?
【Airi】Sorry, I'm busy right after this too. You guys go have fun without me...
[Background Change] bg_a002302
【Shizuku】It must be a very urgent or important matter if Airi's willing to pass up something she loves so much...
【Haruka】I have to think so too. Still, maybe we should buy something for her if it can keep for a few days.
【Minori】Oh, good idea! What do you think, Shizuku?
【Shizuku】Yes, that's a wonderful idea. I was just thinking about getting something for my family as well.
【Shizuku】(Oh no! I forgot to ask Shii what I should get her...)
【Shizuku】Hm...?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】Oh...! Minori, Haruka, you'll have to excuse me for a second!
【Haruka】Huh? Sh-Shizuku...?
[Sound] se00100
【Shizuku】Shiii!
[Sound] bgm00018
【Shiho】Shizuku?!
【Shizuku】And hello to you too, Ichika, Honami. Are you on your way home from band practice?
【Honami】Yes, we all have work after this, so we were just about to go our separate ways.
[Sound] se00100
【Minori】Shizuku! Wait, Shiho?! And you two!
【Haruka】You had us worried there for a second running off like that, but I guess it's because you saw Hinomori.
【Ichika】Even so, she ran a fairly long way to catch up to us...
【Minori】Y-Yeah, we were pretty far away. Also, I doubt I could ever sprint like that after practice.
【Haruka】Only Shizuku has eyes good enough to spot her own sister from such a distance.
【Shizuku】I have a feeling that I could find Shii wherever she is in this world.
【Shiho】That's actually kinda scary...
【Shiho】Anyway, why did you have to run over here?
【Shizuku】Oh, I almost forgot!
【Shizuku】We were just about to go to the Japanese confectionary shop at the mall.
【Shizuku】Mom asked me to bring something back and I realized that I should get you something as well, Shii. So what would you like?
【Shiho】You came all this way just to ask me that?
【Shizuku】Yes! What would you like? There's quite a lot for you to choose from.
【Shiho】Something simple's fine, like mochi with sweet soybean powder or ohagi...
【Shizuku】Understood. Mochi with sweet soybean powder or ohagi!
【Ichika】Also... Is Momoi not with you?
【Minori】She said she has something to take care of and left a second ago.
【Haruka】Hm? Speaking of which, where's Tenma?
【Honami】She also said she's busy and left some time ago.
【Ichika】It must've been important too considering how anxious she seemed during practice today.
【Shizuku】Oh, I see.
【Minori】Meeting you all here was enough of a surprise, but to think that we're both missing someone from our respective groups...
【Shizuku】Oh, a situation just like the one we're in now came up during this suspense novel I've been reading lately...
【Honami】A suspense novel? I never would've imagined...
【Shizuku】Hehe. The protagonists are twin sisters who decided to become private investigators as part of their family's business.
【Shizuku】They're both very cute and work very hard to solve each case, but do end up fighting from time to time.
【Minori】That's so interesting! That means you two should try to solve “The Case of Airi and Saki's Important Business”, Shizuku, Shiho!
【Shiho】I'm really not cut out to be a private eye.
【Shiho】Also, Saki may've been acting a little strange today, but that doesn't give me license to go digging around her personal business.
【Minori】Yeah, I guess you're right...
【Shizuku】In that case, Shii, why don't we try and solve “The Case of What We Should Have for Dinner Tonight”?
【Shizuku】I have a feeling I could solve it right away if we went with Salisbury steaks since they're your favorite♪
【Haruka】Hehe. I remember trying to guess what was for dinner all the time when I was little.
【Minori】Me too! Me too! I would always get it right on curry day too!
【Shizuku】Yes, we used to do that too! You should've seen the way Shii smiled whenever she got it right. It was so adorable...!
【Shiho】More importantly, what happened to stopping by that Japanese confectionary shop? You're making Minori and Kiritani wait the longer you do this.
【Shiho】Also, I have to get to work soon.
【Shizuku】Oh, where are my manners...? I should apologize to you two as well, Ichika, Honami.
【Ichika】No, it was nice to talk like this since it's been a little while since we last did.
【Honami】I feel the same way. Also, Shizuku, I'll see you again during our next Cleanup Committee meeting.
【Shizuku】Yes, I'll see you then!
【Shizuku】And please get home safe, Shii, okay?
【Shiho】Okay, okay. I'll be going now if you don't mind.
【Minori】See you at school!
[Sound] se00171
【Shizuku】I apologize for making you both wait like this, Minori, Haruka.
【Haruka】It's okay. You don't need to apologize.
【Minori】Yeah! I mean, that story about trying to guess what's for dinner was so cute.
【Shizuku】Really? I'm glad you enjoyed that...
【Shizuku】Anyway, let's head to that confectionary shop, shall we?
【Minori】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
