【Hoshino Ichika — A Direct Compliment〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hoshino Ichika
Card: A Direct Compliment（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Yesteryear Read-Aloud
scenarioId: 001041_ichika01

[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Caption] Shopping Mall
【Ichika】What do you think we should get for her...?
【Saki】Well, Hona's practicing really hard for her reading event...
【Shiho】She might be feeling tired since she's not used to acting. So, what if we got her something that she'll find encouraging?
【Ichika】Right... Something encouraging...
[Sound] se00004_b
【Ichika】Oh, Honami just replied back.
【Saki】Where is she practicing?
【Ichika】The park. Oh, she even sent a picture. Take a look.
【Saki】Hey, look at that! She and Nene are doing a “Let's do this!” pose!
【Shiho】I have to think that they're both really motivated.
【Shiho】It sounds like she's been practicing every day after school since she was asked to be the storyteller.
【Ichika】It really is like her to work so hard like this.
【Saki】Alright, that means we gotta support those two by buying something nice for them!
【Ichika】Right. I hope we find something they'll like.
【Ichika】Oh, I know... Her favorite thing might do the trick, right?
【Saki】Huh?
【Shiho】Yeah, since this is Honami we're talking about, we should probably get...
【Saki】Wait, I know the answer!
【Saki】Hehe♪ It has to be...!
【Shiho, Ichika & Saki】Apple pies!
【Ichika】Those are a must. I've never seen Honami look unhappy while having an apple pie.
【Shiho】Right. Seems like a sure bet.
【Saki】I can picture it now! Hona's smiling face when she finds out that we got her apple pies!
【Shiho】No need to picture it, we'll see it soon.
【Ichika】Oh, while we're on the subject... I remember her talking about some particular ones recently.
【Saki】Yeah, the ones from the confectionary shop in this mall! She said they started selling them not too long ago!
【Shiho】She talked about them pretty passionately. She said she's really excited about trying them since she hasn't had them yet.
【Ichika】Which means they'd make the perfect gift.
【Saki】Yeah, let's go get some!
【Saki】Now, what would go well with them?
【Ichika】Hmm... Well...
【Ichika】Since they're practicing telling a story, they might want something that helps their throats.
【Saki】Oh, in that case, what about herbal tea?
【Saki】It's good for your throat, and goes great with apple pies!
【Ichika】Yeah, that's not a bad idea. Plus, it's really soothing.
【Shiho】Yeah. And this place's cafe sells herbal tea, right?
【Saki】They do! We should be able to get some to go!
【Ichika】Then, we can also buy some tea. What else is good for your throat? Oh...
【Ichika】Come to think of it, does Tsukasa do anything special for his throat?
【Saki】Tsukasa?
【Ichika】Yeah. I figured that he takes good care of his throat since he needs it when he performs in shows.
【Saki】Hmm... I've never really asked him...
【Saki】But I think he does stuff! He's always doing everything he can, so I have to believe he's taking good care of his throat!
【Ichika】That's certainly my image of him.
【Shiho】Although, I feel like he can shout at will without really doing anything special.
【Ichika】Hehe. Yeah.
【Saki】Haha♪ I'll send him a message since he might know some good tips and tricks.
【Ichika】Thanks. Then, while we wait for him to respond, let's buy everything else.
【Ichika】I hope we're able to help make their reading event a success.
【Shiho & Saki】Me too. Me too!
[Sound] bgm00000
