【Momoi Airi — Many Feelings Delivered〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Many Feelings Delivered（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Beyond The Dream of That Day
scenarioId: 007020_airi02

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Haruka】Then, I'll reply to this person's offer before the end of the day.
【Airi】Great, thanks!
【Minori】Wow, we're really gonna be on TV...! We need to tell all of our stream viewers about this!
【Airi】Yeah, we do. We'll probably be meeting with people from the show, so we also need to ask them about how and when we can advertise our appearance.
【Shizuku】Hehe. I'm looking forward to seeing how our fans are going to react.
【Minori】They're not gonna be able to contain themselves! I mean, I'm having trouble already!
【Shizuku】But it's going to be your very first TV appearance, Minori.
【Airi】Yeah, you should start mentally preparing yourself for it as soon as you can.
【Minori】D-Don't worry, I'll do just fine!
【Airi】Oh? Someone feels confident. In that case, why don't we leave all the talking to you?
【Minori】Eep! I didn't mean it like that!
【Haruka, Shizuku, Airi & Minori】Hehe. Haha.
【Minori】Actually... Is there anything we can do right now to start preparing for it?
【Haruka】Well, a few things come to mind... For example, writing down stories.
【Airi】Yeah! You'll never get stuck for words as long as you have some stories about you or someone you know, including hearsay and gossip, jotted down.
【Shizuku】That reminds me of Airi's little notepad. She'd been writing down stories and such in it for quite a long time.
【Shizuku】I sort of couldn't believe what I saw when she showed me what she'd written. It looked like a dictionary.
【Airi】Yeah, I kept running out of things to talk about when I was still doing variety shows. So, I constantly searched for juicy scoops.
【Minori】I see...!
【Airi】Researching who you're going to be appearing with is also important.
【Haruka】Yes, that's incredibly important.
【Haruka】New celebrities in particular tend to only appear alongside their seniors, so it's good to look up when they debuted, what they do and such...
【Minori】*Nod*
【Shizuku】Hehe. It's always nice to hear from others that they know who you are and what you do.
【Airi】It's also important for developing a good relationship with someone. After all, it's hard to tell how long you'll be working with them.
【Airi】To be fair, we still don't know about the other guests we'll be appearing alongside yet.
【Minori】Hehe. They even said that they've invited some guests who've been making headlines lately! How great would it be if we got to know each other really well?
【Shizuku】That may depend on which agency they belong to.
【Minori】What?! Wh-Why?!
【Airi】Sadly, a lot of reasons. Some agencies want to prevent their respective groups from creating conflict with each other.
【Airi】Some groups are famous for being cool or mysterious, so they'll try to stay in character even when the cameras aren't rolling.
【Minori】O-Oh, I see...
【Minori】I don't know about any of these unspoken rules. I'm starting to get a little worried...
【Haruka】That's okay. We'll make sure to teach everything that we think you should know.
【Airi】Right. So, Minori, you can leave all of that to us!
【Airi】We're gonna give you all the advice we can so that people won't forget who you are!
【Shizuku & Minori】Yeah!
[Sound] se00180
【Airi】Okay, maybe that's going a bit too far...
【Airi】I sort of can't help it since it's always how I pumped myself up for variety show appearances.
【Haruka】No, I think we need to have that sort of motivation. I mean, MORE MORE JUMP! is appearing on TV for the very first time.
【Haruka】I also don't have much experience appearing on variety shows, so I might ask you for some more advice, Airi.
【Airi】Oh? Then, I guess I have no choice but to give you all a little seminar about my experiences.
【Minori】You're the best, Airi!
【Airi】Hehe. But above all else, our goal is to have everyone see what MORE MORE JUMP! is really about.
【Haruka】I agree. We'll need to be mindful about that when we go meet with the show staff.
【Shizuku】Right. After all, this appearance will likely greatly affect how the public views us moving forward.
【Minori】Yeah! I still don't know how I'm gonna be able to help us, but I promise to try my best!
【Airi】That's the spirit, Minori! Honestly, you can only plan for so much.
【Airi】Anyway, it's time to practice! Let's get started with some stretches!
【Shizuku, Minori & Haruka】Okay! Yes!
[Sound] bgm00000
