【Kamishiro Rui — Unexpected Happenings〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Unexpected Happenings（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: It's On! Wonder Halloween!
scenarioId: 016005_rui02

[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Rui】Hey, Tsukasa. Are you done there?
【Tsukasa】Yeah. I lined it up properly with center stage!
【Rui】Thanks! Okay, this gives us the breadth of the stage.
【Rui】We've also measured the depth and height. Now for the number of illuminations.
【Mascot】If you don't mind, I have a simple stage layout plan here that may help.
【Mascot】Old and malfunctioning lights have been marked with an X.
【Rui】This...will be very helpful indeed. I do need all the information I can get on the facilities here for our next show, after all.
【Rui】(Besides, there's a chance we may find some unused facilities, like the trap room we found during the Halloween show.)
【Rui】Do you have any other concerns about the stage facilities yourself, Mr. Mascot?
【Mascot】No, I don't believe there are any issues with the lighting. If I had to mention something, though, it would have to be the audience seats.
【Tsukasa】Hm? Why are you concerned about the audience seats?
【Mascot】They're in quite bad shape. We did some minor repairs previously, but not every issue has been addressed.
【Nene】Oh, right. Some of them are wobbly and not comfortable to sit in. We should really do something about that.
【Emu】Yeah, that's dangerous and needs to be fixed! Mascot, you have to help us!
【Mascot】Yes, Miss Emu. It may take some time, but I will certainly make the necessary arrangements.
【Emu】Yay! Thank you, Mr. Mascot!
【Rui】Hehe, I'm glad we have such a competent mascot on board.
【Rui】By the way, while we're fixing the seats, is it possible for us to tweak them a little as well?
【Mascot】How do you mean?
【Rui】I'm thinking of installing a compact device to each seat that allows for theatrical effects using water and wind.
【Tsukasa】Water and wind effects? How does that work?
【Rui】Maybe you can think of them as something like 4D effects.
【Rui】The last time the seats were repaired, I know we were told it's not quite possible to make the seats move...
【Rui】What about modifying the seats to be able to vibrate, blow gusts of wind, spray water, or emit odors?
【Rui】If we can achieve that, it would completely differentiate us from the other stages here.
【Emu】Ohh! That sounds fabulous!
【Mascot】What size of device are we talking about here?
【Rui】Small enough to fit under the audience seat. Grand-looking devices won't fit the theme of this stage, anyway, and it's easier to control a device that's simple and compact.
【Mascot】I see... In that case, there's probably no need to notify headquarters about it.
【Rui】You mean, there are cases where we may need to do that?
【Rui】I don't remember notifying them about the pop-up device we installed for the previous show...
【Mascot】That's because we settled that for you.
【Rui】I see. You're really reliable.
【Mascot】Speaking of which, we need to send them a report about the device's state of maintenance and functionality soon.
【Rui】Oh, is that right? That's perfect, actually. I'll do the maintenance check right now.
【Rui】Which means...you're up, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Huh?
【Rui】Tsukasa, is your safety harness properly attached?
【Tsukasa】Y-Yes...but are you really sure this is going to be safe?
【Rui】I've been maintaining it regularly, so I don't think there will be any major safety issues.
【Rui】Besides, I've added a practice mat like you suggested, so it should be even safer now. In fact, let's go for the highest output setting.
【Emu】Highest output? Why does that sound so cool?!
【Nene】Really? As usual, I'm having a bad feeling about this.
【Tsukasa】What a coincidence because so am I...
【Rui】Well then, Tsukasa. Break through the laws of gravity and become the star you've always wanted to be!
【Tsukasa】Wait a minute. You're not seriously going to launch me up that high...are you?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】Five seconds to liftoff.
【Emu】4, 3, 2...
【Rui】1. Fire!
[Sound] se00030
【Tsukasa】GAAAAH?!
[Sound] bgm00003
[Sound] se00078
【Emu】Wooow! Tsukasa's flying so high!
【Nene】Whoa... That's so height. This isn't a pop-up device anymore. More like a catapult, if you ask me...
【Rui】Hehe. Angle and height of flight are just as I've predicted. There's no wind to affect the trajectory either. Mascots, the mat, please.
【Mascot】Already standing by.
【Emu】Rui, Rui! I wanna go next! I wanna become a twinkle twinkle little star, too!
【Mascot】N-No, please! Miss Emu, do not involve yourself with this.
【Emu】Aww, why not?! It looks so fun and exciting!
【Tsukasa】NAAAAARRRG...bugh!
[Sound] se00128
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Wh-What in the... This mat is amazing! I didn't feel any pain at all even after falling from that height!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Tsukasa】Instead, when I landed, it almost felt as if I was being enveloped by a gentle embrace!
【Tsukasa】Now I can literally be the brightest star in the sky!
【Rui】Hehe. Looks like we even managed to accidentally test out the performance of the new mat as well.
【Rui】Well now... I've collected plenty of useful data today thanks to everyone's help.
【Rui】I think we may even be able to test out a few other things that we've been skipping over so far.
【Tsukasa】Urgh, as exciting as you're making it sound, why can't I seem to suppress this sense of dread from welling up?
【Rui】Well, just look forward expectantly to what I have in store. Hehehe...
[Sound] bgm00000
