【Kamishiro Rui — Piqued Curiosity〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Piqued Curiosity（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Star of Your Own Story
scenarioId: 016030_rui02

[Background Change] bg_d002402
[Caption] Shunmeiza - Studio
【Shunmeiza Staff A】Alright, we'll start taking the set down!
【Shunmeiza Staff B】Okay, thanks!
【Rui】Phew... Things are finally starting to settle down.
【Rui】(It sounded like the others are going to need a little more time to get changed, so I might take a quick break here.)
【Rui】(Still, Tsukasa's performance this time around was nothing like his other ones...)
【Rui】(That must've been...)
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_1
【Shunmeiza Director】Nice work today, Kamishiro.
【Rui】Oh...
【Rui】Mr. Kato, thank you.
【Rui】This ended up being a wonderful experience for all of us. We really appreciate you allowing us to be a part of your show.
【Shunmeiza Director】I'm glad to hear that. I can't help but smile whenever I get to do a show with young people who are so passionate about theatre.
【Shunmeiza Director】I have a feeling that putting on a show with you and your friends opened this troupe's eyes to a variety of things.
【Shunmeiza Director】In other words, inviting Wonderlands×Showtime over to perform with Shunmeiza was an excellent decision.
【Shunmeiza Director】And I got to witness something rather nice...
【Rui】Nice?
【Shunmeiza Director】Yes, I'm talking about Tenma. He's a little rough around the edges, but he has that spark.
【Shunmeiza Director】Catching a glimpse of his growth on the stage was quite something.
【Rui】Yes... I'm always surprised at how quickly he continues to grow.
【Rui】Although, he had some trouble with his role for this show...
【Shunmeiza Director】I know. I did give him a fairly difficult task. However...
【Shunmeiza Director】He was able to figure out what he needed to do much faster than I expected.
【Shunmeiza Director】Which allowed him to “become” his character.
【Rui】Yes...
【Rui】(I felt the same way...)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_d002402
[Background Change] bg_d002402
【Rui】(In that instant... He'd truly disappeared into Nakayama.)
【Shunmeiza Director】He reminded me how actors really are an interesting breed.
【Shunmeiza Director】And... I have a feeling that the sky's the limit for him.
【Rui】Yes, I'm of the same opinion.
【Rui】(Tsukasa just keeps finding ways to get better and better...)
【Rui】(Which means I need to do the same as his director.)
【Shunmeiza Director】Ah, while we're on the subject, I heard that you've directed just about all of your troupe's shows. Is that true?
【Rui】Huh? Yes, that's right...
【Shunmeiza Director】Interesting. In that case...
【Shunmeiza Director】I told Tenma that I took the time to watch several of your troupe's shows. As such, have had the chance to observe your work as the director.
【Shunmeiza Director】And I have to say, Kamishiro, you seem to come up with the most stunning effects.
【Shunmeiza Director】It's obvious that you want everybody in the audience to experience something new, smile and have fun. That much is clear from your work.
【Shunmeiza Director】Not only that, the actors you work with all seem to have a spring in their step.
【Shunmeiza Director】That to me is proof that you know how to allow them to shine their brightest on stage. You have that sixth sense, so to speak.
【Rui】Th-Thank you very much... I'm honored by your words.
【Shunmeiza Director】And I'm curious to see how you grow as a director moving forward.
【Shunmeiza Director】I hope you get to learn and experience many more new things in the future as you hone your craft.
【Rui】Thank you. Me too.
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_2
【Rui】(I never expected to hear such praise from Shunmeiza's director.)
【Rui】(I'm surprised...but also incredibly happy. I mean, he just validated my ideas.)
【Rui】He saw that I want everybody in the audience to experience something new, smile and have fun.
【Rui】It's wonderful to hear from someone like him that he understands what I'm trying to do.
【Rui】Also...
[Sound] se00053_b
【Shunmeiza Director】Not only that, the actors you work with all seem to have a spring in their step.
【Shunmeiza Director】That to me is proof that you know how to allow them to shine their brightest on stage. You have that sixth sense, so to speak.
【Rui】If my directing skills can help everyone shine on stage...
【Rui】Then I'll keep doing everything I can to make them radiant.
[Sound] bgm00000
