【Hinomori Shizuku — Did It Fall Over?〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hinomori Shizuku
Card: Did It Fall Over?（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Chasing The Sparkle Beyond the Blue Sky
scenarioId: 008018_shizuku02

[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] Rehearsal Studio
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
【Shizuku】Okay, Haruka, Airi, how did that part look just now...?
【Haruka】You both were in much better sync that time, but you're still getting stuck here and there.
【Airi】Yeah, Minori, I think you fell a little behind going into that part and Shizuku ended up stumbling trying to match up with you.
【Minori】I-I'm so sorry...
【Minori】And I really need to apologize to you, Shizuku. I promise to figure out how to transition smoother into the part where we both dance.
【Shizuku】I understand how difficult that part is since it also took me quite a while to figure out.
【Shizuku】I may be able to help by giving you some pointers when it comes to timing everything and such, so let's just keep trying together.
【Minori】Sh-Shizuku!!
【Airi】Alright, that should be a good place to end our break.
【Haruka】Okay, sounds good.
【Shizuku】Oh, wait! Airi!
【Shizuku】After you left yesterday, we...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00020
【Airi】You talked about the high-endurance dance-off? Wow, talk about a blast from the past.
【Minori】Yeah, we did! And we were hoping that you could tell us more about what happened that time...
【Haruka】Would that be alright, Airi? You don't have to if you're not comfortable with it.
【Airi】I don't mind. I still remember everything clearly since it turned into such a huge event and a really hot topic later.
【Airi】But what exactly were you hoping to hear?
【Shizuku】I think we all would love to hear what you were feeling as you danced!
【Minori】Yeah! Shizuku even said, “It was as if she was performing live on stage right then and there,” so I'm also really curious!
【Airi】Hold on, Shizuku... Were you in the studio that time?
【Shizuku】Yes, I was there for something else and decided to get a peek before my next appointment.
【Airi】Seriously?! This is news to me...
【Shizuku】Oh, that reminds me. Unlike when we were still in training, we didn't get to see each other much...
【Haruka】So, what was going through your mind as you danced?
【Airi】Oh, um... That time...
【Airi】We split into two teams, red and white... But to be honest, I wasn't feeling all that competitive initially.
【Airi】I actually thought that I'd be able to motivate myself and stay in the game longer by imagining that my fans were right there watching me.
【Haruka】Imagining that your fans were right there?
【Airi】I mean, when it aired, thousands and thousands of people were watching.
【Airi】At the same time, was it really that fun watching idols dance until they became totally exhausted?
【Minori】I really enjoyed it since the way you kept trying gave me so much encouragement... But your point's also valid. Smiling is sorta better than panting...
【Airi】Yeah, I was able to dance like I meant it because I kept telling myself that I was performing live on stage that time.
【Haruka】That means Shizuku was spot on yesterday.
[Sound] se00053
【Shizuku】Also, aren't we going to be streaming as we train?
【Shizuku】If so, I have to think that she's going to have us do activities that are also fun and appealing to our viewers, no?
【Shizuku】Oh, I was.
【Airi】As a result, I had fun and got to dance until the end. Also, I was so focused on the music that I sorta just blocked out everything that was going on around me.
【Airi】Everyone was kinda going nuts towards the end too, so I knew I had a good shot at winning as long as I hung in there.
【Airi】Then, after they announced that I'd won, I kept dancing as a sort of victory lap to show my appreciation for everybody watching!
【Shizuku】Hehe. I even remember you winking and doing your Momoi pose after you'd finished dancing.
【Airi】Really? Were you there until the end, Shizuku?
【Shizuku】No, I saw that part on TV. I actually started tearing up a little after you gave me that wink.
【Minori】Oh, me too! I remember thinking, “This Airi Momoi girl's such an amazingly cool idol!”
【Airi】Oh, quit exaggerating, you two...
【Shizuku】No, we aren't!
【Shizuku】Since around that time, Airi, you've been the incredibly cool and spectacular idol that I've been looking up to.
【Airi】Shizuku...
【Airi】A-Again, you're exaggerating. Also, flattery won't get you anywhere with me.
【Shizuku】Hehe. I don't mind as long as you understand how I feel.
【Airi】Q-Quit saying stuff like that. You're making me blush...
【Haruka】I kind of feel like we should do a dance-off now.
【Minori】Oh, great idea! We can even invite Miku and the others!
【Shizuku】Yes, that sounds like fun!
【Shizuku】And if I end up facing you, Airi, I won't let you win so easily.
【Airi】Oh? Those are some big words you're throwing around there. In the face of the champ no less.
【Airi】So, as the champion... Challenge accepted!
[Sound] bgm00000
