【Hatsune Miku — Become The Understudy!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: Become The Understudy!（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: On the Stage of Dazzling Light
scenarioId: 021024_miku01

[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Miku】When are Emu and the others gonna get here...?
【KAITO】I'm sure they'll be here soon. We'll need to tell Tsukasa about filling in for him when they do.
【Miku】Filling in?
【KAITO】Yes. Rui asked me about having one of us to play Thorpe in Tsukasa's place so that the others can work on their lines.
【KAITO】Which I suspect is going to be me...
【Miku】So, like an understudy...
[Sound] se00172
【Rin】Oh, there they are! Miku! KAITO!
【Miku】Heya☆ What brings all of you guys here?
【MEIKO】There's something we'd like to ask you two! Right, Len?
【Len】Yeah. You're both supposed to practice with Emu and the others today, right?
【Len】Is Tsukasa gonna be there with them? It feels like it's been so long since we last met...
【KAITO】Oh... Right now, Tsukasa's...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
【Miku】So right now, Tsukasa's trying really, really, really hard to figure things out☆
【Rin】I didn't realize he was working so hard on getting into character. That explains why we haven't seen him in so long...
【Len】Speaking of which, I remember Rui saying something about Tsukasa not being a good fit for Thorpe.
【Miku】Yeah. But Tsukasa responded by saying, “I promise to do this role justice!”
【Miku】So I'm sure he'll figure it out!!
【Luka】Hehe. I'm sure he will. After all, this is Tsukasa we're talking about here.
【Len】But it's gotta be so hard being all on your own like this. Isn't there something we can do for him...?
【Miku】Yeah, I know exactly how you feel...
【KAITO】At the same time, Tsukasa needs to take care of this on his own if he wishes to grow as an actor.
【KAITO】I'm sure chatting with him is still okay, but we have to be more or less hands-off this time around.
【Miku】Especially since he wants to become a world-famous star! That means he's gonna have to learn to play all sorts of different roles!
【Rin】Right... I guess we should stay on the sidelines for this one.
【Luka】Aww... You two seem so deflated now.
【Miku】Hmm...
【Miku】Oh, I know!
【Miku】Hey, Rin, Len! Let's try getting into character too!
【Rin】Huh?
【Miku】The thing is, the others need someone to be Tsukasa's understudy♪
【Miku】KAITO's probably the best pick... But Tsukasa's trying his darndest to get through this!
【Miku】Which is why I think we should also try playing Thorpe!
【KAITO】Oh, that actually might be a good idea.
【KAITO】As I mentioned earlier, we should probably be more hands-off when it comes to Tsukasa this time around.
【KAITO】However, a quick chat can still go a long way.
【KAITO】So I think it'd be nice if we could all learn a little more about Thorpe just in case Tsukasa decided to stop by and ask us for some advice.
【Len】I think so too! I know it won't be easy, but let's give it a try, Rin!
【Rin】Yeah! Especially if learning more about Thorpe means we'd be helping Tsukasa♪
【MEIKO】Alright, I'll help out too♪
【MEIKO】Oh, why don't we turn it into a little contest where the winner gets to be Tsukasa's understudy?
【Miku】Yeah, that sounds fun☆ There's no way I'm losing!
【Len】Me neither!
【Rin】Len, let's go read through the script together!
【Len】Yeah, sure!
[Sound] se00064
【MEIKO】We're doing the same, Luka! I'm going to need your help learning these lines!
【Luka】Hehe. Yes, of course...
【Luka】Let's... Give it our... Zzz...
【MEIKO】She fell asleep?! Hey, Luka, wake up!
【Miku】Here we goooo! I'm gonna try super extra hard too!
【KAITO】As motivated as ever I see.
【Miku】Yup!
【Miku】That's because Tsukasa, Emu, Nene and Rui all seem like they're tangled up in knots right now.
【KAITO】True. Tsukasa's having trouble playing his character, which is causing the others to worry about him.
【Miku】Yeah, exactly!
【Miku】But I'm like the exact opposite of Thorpe! Imagine if I somehow figure out how to play him! The others might think, “Wait, it's that easy?”
【Miku】Which could become the motivation they need to try even harder and turn their frowns upside down!
【KAITO】Miku...
【KAITO】I was under the impression that you made this suggestion to cheer Rin and the others up...
【KAITO】I had no idea you were being this thoughtful. Again, Miku, you've come up with a wonderful idea.
【Miku】Woohoo! KAITO liked my idea♪
【Miku】Alright, for everyone's sake, I'm gonna learn everything I can about Thorpe! Let's go!
[Sound] bgm00000
