【MEIKO — Feasting Like A Queen!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: Feasting Like A Queen!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Link the Beats!
scenarioId: 025048_meiko01

[Background Change] bg_g000102
[Caption] Between Worlds
【MEIKO】(I was hoping to sing with Miku if I found her...)
【MEIKO】(But she doesn't seem to be here either.)
【???】Is something wrong, MEIKO?
[Sound] se_walk_men_001_1
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_1
【MEIKO】Oh, KAITO, Luka! Perfect timing!
【MEIKO】I'm looking for Miku. Do you happen to know where she is?
【Luka】Oh... Miku went over to take a look at those other SEKAI a second ago.
【KAITO】She just left, so it may be a little while before she returns.
【MEIKO】I see... Then, I'll wait here for her.
【MEIKO】Miku's been visiting those other SEKAI quite a lot lately, hasn't she?
【Luka】Now that you mention it...
【KAITO】Maybe she's worried about everyone.
【MEIKO】Worried?
【KAITO】Remember the black fragments of feelings that have been appearing? She may be concerned about something else happening in those SEKAI...
【MEIKO】Yes, that was very surprising for all of us, too.
【Luka】Right...
【MEIKO】Thinking about it, the strangest things seem to happen in those SEKAI specifically, don't they?
【MEIKO】The black fragments of feelings are one thing... But new areas appearing, and trees that grow with people's feelings? Those are strange, too.
【MEIKO】Watching over them has been a bit of an adventure.
【KAITO】Yes, it has. It's been a bit nerve-wracking at times.
【MEIKO】In that case, what if we did this?
【MEIKO】Let's take a minute to imagine what could happen in their SEKAI. That should help you feel a little less scared!
【KAITO】What could happen?
【Luka】So we imagine what might happen so it doesn't feel so overwhelming?
【MEIKO】That's right! For example...
【MEIKO】Oh, imagine the flying train from Tsukasa's SEKAI arriving at the station in Ichika and the girls' SEKAI!
【KAITO】What?! That'd be an extraordinary event!
【Luka】That's less an event that could happen, and more an event that would cause a huge commotion.
【MEIKO】Hehe. You might be right!
【MEIKO】So, why don't you two come up with some examples?
【MEIKO】If we envision things that are a little over the top, we should be able to handle whatever does end up happening in a cool and calm manner, no?
【MEIKO】We'll be able to say, “It's not as bad as what we imagined.” See?
【KAITO】I-I see...?
【Luka】Hehe. I see your logic.
【MEIKO】Right? So, let's think together!
【KAITO】Hmm... Well...
【KAITO】There's a lake in Mafuyu's SEKAI, and a pond in Minori and her group's SEKAI, yes? So...
【KAITO】What if peering into the water in one SEKAI let you see the faces of people from the other SEKAI?
【MEIKO】Yes! That's a wonderful example!
【MEIKO】Oh, but... Seeing the face of someone else instead of your own would be a little scary. It's sort of like a horror film.
【Luka】Oh? I don't think it'd be scary.
【Luka】Imagine two people who were never supposed to meet, encountering each other across space and time. Doesn't that sound romantic?
【MEIKO】Yes, that is another way of looking at it.
【KAITO】Anyway, Luka, how about you? Have you come up with any outlandish happenings?
【Luka】Well... Oh, in Kohane and her team's SEKAI, they have alleys where you can hear music.
【Luka】What if that music turned into idol or rock songs one sudden day?
【MEIKO】So, what would happen next?
【Luka】Those alleyways would end up connected to Minori and her group's SEKAI and Ichika and her band's SEKAI. How does that sound?
【MEIKO】I like it! That actually sounds a bit exciting.
【KAITO】I agree. The thought of music helping you meet others is a wonderful idea...
【KAITO】Wait, huh? Aren't we getting a little off topic?
【MEIKO】Oh, I just thought of another one! It has to do with the SEKAI where I run a cafe...
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】We came up with quite a lot of ideas! That was really fun!
[Sound] bgm00024
【KAITO】Haha... What began as mental preparation sort of turned into coming up with the funniest scenarios.
【Luka】But we came up with so many ideas for things that would actually be lots of fun if they happened that I'm actually looking forward to what might happen next.
【MEIKO】Me too! And the discussion did make me think...
【MEIKO】Whatever does end up happening, I'm sure they'll be able to handle it.
【MEIKO】New areas appearing in each SEKAI and those black fragments of feelings appearing were both startling developments...
【MEIKO】But everyone made it through just fine in the end.
【MEIKO】So, even if something beyond our wildest imaginings does happen, they should have no problem overcoming it!
【Luka】You're right, MEIKO.
【Luka】Their feelings have grown stronger than we could've ever imagined in the beginning.
【KAITO】Right. Let's keep believing in the strength of their feelings as we watch over them moving forward.
【MEIKO】Yes, let's do that!
[Sound] bgm00000
