【Hanasato Minori — A Dream Lost In The Crowds〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hanasato Minori
Card: A Dream Lost In The Crowds（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: All Ways Jump! With You
scenarioId: 005046_minori02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Minori】(One, two, three, four! And jump at the end!)
【Minori】How did I do KAITO?
【KAITO】Yes, that looked perfect! It was a wonderful expression of your cheerful energy, Minori.
【Minori】Hehe. Thank you very much!
【Minori】When I did this during our last show stream, all our fans really loved it!
【KAITO】It's clear from this dance routine that you want everybody to have fun.
【KAITO】The song also suits you very well since it has a supportive feel to it. I'm sure many of your fans want to see you perform it again, no?
【Minori】That's right! After receiving so many comments on social media, me and the others have been talking about performing it again sometime.
【Minori】So, we're gonna practice a lot to make sure that we put on a really powerful performance next time!
【KAITO】Hehe. You sound so motivated.
【Minori】We don't want to disappoint them.
【Minori】Also, I realized something after we had that dream.
【Minori】It's really, really amazing how so many people are supporting us now.
【KAITO】Oh...
【KAITO】Are you talking about when you touched those black fragments?
【Minori】Even in that dream, I wanted to become an idol like Haruka and the others. I was willing to do anything to achieve that goal.
【Minori】But...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_c001201
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Minori】Only a few people were looking my way...
【Minori】I was worried that I'd never become an idol who could give people hope like Haruka.
【KAITO】I see... Based on everything I've heard, it really must've been a terrible dream.
【Minori】It was. I'm so glad that it was all just a dream.
【Minori】But then...it hit me.
【Minori】I'm so lucky to have my life right now!
[Sound] bgm00024
【Minori】I get to do lots of streams and perform shows on stage with the others.
【Minori】And I have a ton of people following my work. People who are always rooting for me.
【Minori】I really can't take them for granted.
【Minori】And I always feel inspired to do my best for them.
【Minori】Our fans have become a huge source of hope for me.
【KAITO】*Nod*
【Minori】So, because they've given me so much encouragement, I want to spread lots of hope.
【Minori】It'd be so great if we could keep giving each other hope as I continue to work as an idol.
【KAITO】I see... That dream made you feel all these things?
【KAITO】I'm absolutely certain that you'll achieve your goal, Minori. You're going to become an idol who receives hope from her fans and gives hope back to them.
【Minori】KAITO...
【KAITO】The others and I will also give you all the support we can moving forward.
【KAITO】So, if you ever need our assistance, please feel free to ask!
【Minori】Thank you, I will!
【Minori】Alright, in order to spread hope to lots of people, I'm gonna keep doing more and more!
【Minori】So, KAITO, please watch me perform that dance one more time!
【Minori】I feel like I can put on an even better performance now!
【KAITO】Of course! I'll keep helping until you feel completely satisfied, Minori!
【KAITO】Let's work together to produce the best performance we can!
【Minori】Yes, thank you very much!
【Minori】Okay, let me get to my position...
【Minori】I'm ready, KAITO! Start the music!
[Sound] bgm00000
