【Kusanagi Nene — I'm Not Losing My Target〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kusanagi Nene
Card: I'm Not Losing My Target（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: close game/OFFLINE
scenarioId: 015017_nene02

[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Nene】...
【Rui】Nene...?
[Sound] se00104
【Rui】Boo.
【Nene】Eep!
【Nene】R-Rui?! Don't scare me like that.
【Rui】Hehe. My apologies. I thought I should let you know that breaktime's almost over.
【Nene】Oh, okay... You could've just said so...
【Rui】By the way, you seemed very focused on your phone just now. Mind if I ask what you were looking at?
【Nene】Remember the show we're all gonna see together? The one we get to see because we received tickets for it as a prize for winning that gaming tournament.
【Nene】I was just going through the game that it's based on and reading through its story.
【Rui】Oh, that's right. You said that it's an adaptation of a video game. Would it be possible for you to give me a synopsis?
【Nene】Sure, it's supposed to take place in modern Europe and it's basically an RPG with some mystery elements sprinkled in...
【Nene】The protagonist is someone who's always dreamed since they were little about venturing into this castle-like structure, but they've never actually seen it before...
【Nene】And one day, the castle from the protagonist's dreams appears before them.
【Rui】I see... And?
【Nene】As a result, all these things that were happening only in their dreams begin to occur in real life.
【Nene】Not only that, this boy that the protagonist had only ever talked to in their dreams appears in the city where they live!
【Tsukasa】The boy from their dreams appears where they live?!
【Nene】That's right! The protagonist and this boy decide to head towards the castle from the protagonist's dreams, but there's also a big secret surrounding him...
【Emu】A... A big secret?!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Nene】Wait, Emu?! Tsukasa?! When did you two...?!
【Tsukasa】We came to let you know that it's about time to get back to practicing. However, you seemed to be telling an interesting story, so we decided to stop and listen!
[Sound] bgm00018
【Nene】You could've given me a bit of a heads-up.
【Nene】(It's just one surprise after another today...)
【Tsukasa】We would have, but you were giving such a passion-filled presentation that it didn't feel right to interrupt.
【Emu】Yup yup! Your eyes were sparkling as you talked just now, Nene!
【Nene】Huh? R-Really...?
【Tsukasa】Yes! It reminded me of the time you told us about Ms. Kazamatsuri!
【Nene】Oh...
【Rui】Hehe. You did say that you've been a fan of this title for quite some time, so it must be a very intriguing story.
【Nene】Y-Yeah...
【Emu】Oh, Nene! What's the protagonist's big secret? Can you tell us?!
【Nene】It's... No, I can't! I was about to let it slip, but I won't say because it'll be a huge spoiler.
【Nene】I'm sure the show will paint a good picture, so I think it's best to find out how things unfold then.
【Emu】Okay! I'll wait patiently while looking forward to seeing what happens!
【Tsukasa】Oh, I was thinking about reading up on it a little... At the same time, I wouldn't want to ruin the surprise...
【Tsukasa】This is a coin toss, but I'll try seeing it without any knowledge of what's going to happen!
【Rui】As for me, I'm interested in how they went about adapting the game's story into a script for the stage, so I'll likely perform a bit of research beforehand.
【Rui】Hehe. I'm looking forward to seeing how the ideas I come up with compare to what they actually do.
【Nene】Then, why don't I lend you the game?
【Nene】As a whole, it's a trilogy, but this show only seems to cover the first game, so you should have enough time to play through it.
【Nene】Oh, hang on. It might actually be better to play the remastered version. They fixed a few kinks in the story and made it easier to follow.
【Rui】I see. In that case, I'll follow your recommendation and try playing that version of the game.
【Nene】Okay, then I'll lend you that one.
【Nene】I put a ton of hours into it and still remember how to get through the story, all the battle gimmicks and stuff, so let me know if you ever need any help.
【Rui】Much appreciated.
【Rui】And in the event that I'm too slow and can't quite finish the story, I can always ask you to do a commentated speed run for me.
【Nene】Hehe. Oh, you.
【Tsukasa】Hmm... This game's also piqued my interest.
【Tsukasa】Would it be possible to play just partway without revealing any spoilers?
【Nene】Not really if you stop somewhere in the middle.
【Nene】It's like a riddle wrapped in a mystery. You'll find the answer to a question and end up being faced with even more questions.
【Nene】I remember getting this game and staying up really late because I was so eager to see what happened next.
【Tsukasa】Yes, I see. Then, I'll just have to wait until the day of.
【Emu】Hehe. And we get to see this show together! I can't wait♪
【Nene】Me neither.
【Nene】(Despite this game being really good, I didn't really know anybody my age who knew much about it...)
【Nene】(But now, I'm gonna get a chance to talk with everyone about it.)
【Nene】(Oh, why can't it be the day of the show already?)
[Sound] bgm00000
