【Kagamine Rin — Stage SEKAI〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kagamine Rin
Card: Stage SEKAI（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 022002_rin02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Rin】Let's practice together again sometime! Buh-bye!
【Rin】Hehe, I'm glad Minori and Shizuku left satisfied and happy!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rin】...
【Rin】Why don't you two come out now?
【Haruka】You noticed us?
[Sound] bgm00018
【Airi】And here I thought we were super stealthy...
【Rin】Heh heh heh♪ I've got eagle eyes! You wanted to check up on Minori and Shizuku, right?
【Airi】Well, they seemed really worried about not being able to keep up with us during practice...
【Haruka】We've been practicing until school closed for the day, so if there was one place they could go to, it was here.
【Rin】So that's how you knew where to find them.
【Airi】Can you tell us what advice you gave them? They improved so rapidly.
【Haruka】I'm very curious too, since I don't think we were able to give them any useful advice ourselves...
【Rin】You're wrong about that! They mastered the routine following advice from you guys!
【Airi】What, really?
【Haruka】But they seemed more confused by it than anything, and then they just clammed up...
【Rin】They probably didn't want to take up any more of your time but needed a while to process it.
【Rin】Minori's always saying that she doesn't want to be holding you back, that she needs to get up to speed soon.
【Airi】Is that why they wouldn't talk to us?
【Haruka】They should never feel bad about asking us for help...
【Airi】Yeah. We're all in the same boat, pursuing the same dream together!
【Haruka】Besides, I honestly want to do more for all of you.
【Haruka】You helped me remember what my true feelings were, and thanks to that I have a goal to work towards. I'd like to give you something back for it.
【Airi】I feel that way, too.
【Rin】But you know, I think Minori and Shizuku share that sentiment.
【Airi】Really?
【Rin】I think that maybe they're practicing so much on their own because they want you to be able to keep taking steps towards your goal, without stopping to wait for them!
【Haruka】They want us to keep moving forward...
【Haruka】Helping each other's important...
【Haruka】But so is having confidence in the less experienced members. Believing that they'll catch up without us having to slow down.
【Airi】Rather than just be supportive, we can show them the way.
【Rin】Yup!
【Rin】Be their aspiration. It'll keep them motivated!
【Airi】Hehe. It tickles my pride to be someone's aspiration.
【Haruka】We'll have to keep running forward at full speed to be worthy ideals to chase after.
【Airi】In that case, we should do some training of our own!
【Haruka】And think of a new practice schedule for the month.
【Haruka】Thanks, Rin. You cleared up our doubts.
【Rin】That's good to hear! By the way, if you ever want to practice just by yourselves, you can do it here if you want.
【Rin】It feels great to make a positive change for others! Their eyes were glinting with motivation♪
【Rin】But as for catching up...
【Rin】I should practice more and do some catching up, too!
[Sound] bgm00000
