【Shiraishi An — Have No Regrets〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Shiraishi An
Card: Have No Regrets（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Get Fit & Fly! Muscle Training!
scenarioId: 010038_an01

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【Rin】Wow, that was so awesome♪
【Luka】Thank you for showing us this video of Akito and the others competing in Shinobi Battle, An!
【An】You're welcome!
【Akito】Still, why'd you show them the archived version of the MORE MORE JUMP! stream? There is an official video.
【An】Because Minori and the others are cheering in this one! They made things way more fun!
【KAITO】I agree! You could tell how excited they were about their friend competing.
【Toya】I wish I could've been there that day, but cheering them on with all of you today was very fun.
【Kohane】Yeah, I also had a lot of fun!
【Len】And it wasn't just those idols. Everyone else there was also cheering like crazy!
【MEIKO】Now that you mention it, I thought I heard your voice while that Haruka girl was jumping between those poles, An...
【Miku】Oh, was that you who shouted, “Fly!”?
【An】Oh, you guys heard that?
【Akito】Yeah... You really startled us since we were standing right next to you.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a006701
【An】Go, Haruka! Swing and fly!
【An】Help me out, Akito, Tenma! She'll succeed if we give her enough support!
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【Luka】“She'll succeed if we give her enough support!” That's so beautiful♪
【An】It's just the way Haruka's brain works.
【Akito】So, does that mean you shouted, “If you give up now, then you'll regret it for the rest of your life!” for the same reason? Because you two have known each other forever?
【An】Yup! Actually, we experienced something similar in the past.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Toya】Something similar?
【An】Yeah, during elementary school. Back then, Haruka and I were both friends and rivals.
【An】We were having a footrace in the park after school that day.
[Sound] bgm00195
【An】The first person to touch the tree there would win, but I tripped a few steps in front of it.
【An】Haruka saw me fall, but she touched the tree before coming to help me.
【An】She asked me if I was okay and tried to help me up, and I said thanks and got to my feet...
【An】She had a really troubled look on her face.
【Len】Troubled? What do you mean?
【Kohane】Umm... Was it because she went to touch the tree before going over to help you?
【Rin】But they were having a race. Not only that, the finish line was right there.
【An】Exactly. I felt the same way as you two, Rin, Len. I wasn't actually bothered at all.
【An】But Haruka was.
【An】We had another race a few months later, but I tripped again.
【An】Guess what Haruka did? She stopped so fast I thought she might trip herself, and rushed right over.
【An】I think anyone would be surprised. So, without even thinking, I said...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a003401
【Elementary School An】Why'd you come over to help me? You should've touched the tree.
【Elementary School Haruka】No, I didn't want to.
【Elementary School Haruka】After what happened last time, I decided to never leave you behind like that ever again.
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【MEIKO】Powerful words. Her will must be ironclad.
【KAITO】Wait, this happened when you two were still in elementary school?
【An】Pretty amazing, right?
【An】Haruka isn't really one to beat around the bush, but she does let certain feelings get pent up inside of her.
【An】I didn't realize just how much she regretted winning that race instead of helping me.
【An】Still, there was a next time and she got a chance to clear her conscience, and she seemed to feel much better after that...
【Akito】But she probably isn't going to find herself in another Shinobi Battle sort of situation for a long time.
【Len】Yeah, good point!
【An】That's exactly why I absolutely didn't want her to feel any regrets.
【Kohane】An...
【Toya】You seem to know quite a lot about Kiritani.
【An】Of course I do.
【An】She's my best friend, after all!
[Sound] bgm00000
