【Tenma Saki — Happy Birthday! 2025〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: Happy Birthday! 2025（BD）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 002037_saki02

[Background Change] bg_a002302
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Saki】*Sigh* This ended up being such a happy day...!
【Honami】Hehe. You did receive plenty of warm wishes today.
【Shiho】Even right after what happened this morning, more of our classmates showed up and wished you a happy birthday.
【Ichika】And it looked like some of your soft tennis clubmates came by during one of our breaks.
【Saki】Yeah! I'm super duper extra grateful for everyone!
【Honami】By the way, did you get your assignment sorted okay?
【Saki】Hehehe. I managed! I did almost forget after all the excitement with the surprise, though.
【Ichika】Hehe. That wouldn't have been good.
【Shiho】I still can't believe you showed up that early.
【Saki】H-Haha. Sorry, guys.
【Saki】But hey, even though you guys might feel like your surprise didn't go right...
【Saki】For me, it was really nice getting to see you all preparing it!
【Shiho】I'll take that...
【Ichika】Hey, want to stop by a diner before we go home? It's been a while since we were all free after school, so it'd be nice to talk some more.
【Honami】Oh, good idea. I second that plan.
【Shiho】Fine by me. Does that sound good to you, Saki?
【Saki】Yeah, totally! Hehehe, I can't wait♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Sound] bgm00170
[Caption] Diner
[Sound] se00338_b
【Saki】Are there seats...? Yeah, it looks pretty open! Excuse me, we're a party of four...
【???】Oh, you guys! This way, over here!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saki】Huh?
【Haruka】Saki!
【Saki】Huh? Huh?! MORE MORE JUMP!?!
[Sound] bgm00190
【Saki】Whoa! What a huge coincidence, running into you guys here!
【Airi】It sure is. Speaking of coincidences, we happen to have eight seats here. Please, join us.
【Saki】Huh? Join you...? What?
【Honami】Hehe. I think this surprise was a perfect success.
【Shiho】You don't think this is really a coincidence, do you?
【Ichika】So, we actually reached out to Minori and Haruka back when we were planning this morning's surprise.
【Minori】Yup! We knew about that surprise plan, but we couldn't join in because of work.
【Haruka】Then, we mentioned that not only would the two of us have time after school, but Airi and Shizuku would be able to make it as well...
【Shizuku】That's how we decided to have another birthday surprise after school.
【Saki】Seriously? You guys are here just for me???
【Airi】It's your birthday, do you need to ask?
【Saki】Airi...
【Saki】Haruka, Minori, Shizuku...! Thank you so much for being here!
【Shizuku】Hehe. It's so nice to see you this pleased.
【Haruka】Alright, take a seat and let's order something. You're all hungry, aren't you?
【Minori】I saw this place has a “Birthday Plate”! Wanna get this, Saki?
【Saki】Oh, thanks! I guess I will, since I'm here today!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002402
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Main Street
【Saki】Phew, that was a real shock...
【Saki】I can't believe you guys had a Surprise Plan B!
【Ichika】It's not like we thought that all out ahead, though. It just kind of turned out that way.
【Saki】Well, I've gotta say thank you to that coincidence then! It gave me such a fun time!
【Ichika】Alright, I guess we should all be heading home. See you tomor—
【Saki】Oh, wait, hold on!
【Honami】What's wrong? Did you leave something behind?
【Saki】No, nothing like that... It's just, can we do one more thing first?
【Saki】I wanna go take Print Stickers together to commemorate today.
【Ichika】Print Stickers?
【Saki】Yeah! This morning, I was feeling all negative about how I forgot my assignment, but before I knew it, this became such a happy birthday!
【Saki】So, I wanna have something to remember it by!
【Ichika】I see... I think I know how you feel.
【Honami】Me too. It's your special day, so let's do it.
【Saki】Ahh, thanks Hona!
【Saki】Shiho...!
【Shiho】I didn't say I wouldn't go, did I?
【Shiho】Today's your birthday... Let's go.
【Saki】Ahhh! Thank you, Shihooo! I love you so much!
[Sound] se00121_b
【Shiho】H-Hey, now. That wasn't an invitation for a hug.
【Ichika & Honami】Hahaha. Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000309
[Sound] bgm00241
【Kohane】Happy birthday, Saki! It was a lot of fun surprising you today.
【Emu】Your day got off to a wonderhoy start! Getting to see you all smiles made me super smiley too!
【Kohane】Yeah. And I was also happy to hear you wish we never had to clean the blackboard or take down the snack castle.
【Nene】I had no idea what you were saying when you asked me how to build a castle out of snacks, Emu... But I'm glad she liked it.
【Nene】Um, happy birthday from me too, Tenma. Let's celebrate the next time we get together. Just, try not to expect a surprise or anything...
【Toya】Happy birthday, Saki. Azusawa showed me the photo you all took after that surprise. You had a vibrant smile, surrounded by your close friends.
【Tsukasa】Yes, I was reminded what wonderful friends you have! Do continue to treasure them as you live out your glorious school days!
【Mizuki】Happy birthday, Saki♪ That surprise birthday celebration must've been fun! Too bad I couldn't join in since we go to different schools.
【Rui】Hehe, it's not too late. If you leave it to me, I'm sure I can devise something that will leave Saki speechless.
【Mizuki】Hmm, that sounds super fun and all... But let's not, since Tsukasa looks pretty worried.
【Mafuyu】Happy birthday, Tenma. I heard about how Hinomori and Momoi celebrated with you at that diner. It's nice to hear that you had such a fun time.
【Airi】Yeah, and our surprise went perfectly! I mean, Saki, your reaction would've been right at home on a variety show!
【Shizuku】Hehe. I'm tempted to celebrate her birthday every day if it means seeing her that excited every time.
【Haruka】The rest of our celebration was fun, too. I definitely wanted to do something for your birthday, so I'm glad we got to spend that time together.
【Minori】Yeah! We should do that again! And I got lots of pictures of us together, so I'll send those over later, Saki.
【Ichika】We were celebrating your birthday, but we ended up getting presents too.
【Honami】Yes, the Print Stickers the four of us took. We made another fun memory thanks to you, Saki.
【Shiho】Those aren't my kind of thing... But I guess it can't hurt once in a while.
【Ichika & Honami】Hehe.
【Ichika】Again, Saki, happy birthday! Let's keep trying our hardest together!
[Background Change] bg_f000101
【Saki】Everybody! Thanks so much for the birthday wishes!
【Saki】My heart just feels so full knowing how much love I've gotten!
【Saki】It's enough to make me sure that I'll remember this day when I'm feeling down, and it'll perk me right back up!
【Saki】I'll keep doing my best to earn your support, so look forward to seeing what I do, okay♪
[Sound] bgm00000
