【Aoyagi Toya — The Best Souvenirs!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: The Best Souvenirs!（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Competitive Fire!
scenarioId: 012047_touya02

[Background Change] bg_d002001
[Caption] Airport
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_1
【Toya】I'm sorry for making you all wait.
【Kohane】No, that's okay. We also just got back together. Were you able to buy some nice souvenirs, Aoyagi?
【Toya】Yes, I'm very happy with my purchases.
【An】Thank goodness! Then, let's start showing each other what we all got!
【Akito】What? Why do we have to—?
【An】Don't you wanna know? You do, right, Toya?
【Toya】Yes, I suppose... I am a little curious.
【Akito】*Sigh* Alright, fine. It's not like I need to hide it.
【An】Then, let's start with... The person who got back first!
【Akito】Which is me.
【Akito】I bought my mom and Ena some tea and chocolates.
【Akito】And some nutty snacks for my dad. He should like having something to munch on while he works.
【Toya】Wait, what about that big bag? Is it also full of souvenirs?
【Akito】Oh, these are for me. Hoodies and other clothes that I can only buy over here.
【Akito】Anyway, that's it for me. Who got here after me? Kohane, right?
【Kohane】Oh, right! An already knows since she helped pick them out with me, but...
【An】Kohane picked out the cutest stuff!
【Toya】You said you were buying things for your family, yes? What did you get for them, Azusawa?
【Kohane】So, I got them a set of mugs. Unfortunately, my dad said that his broke last month.
【An】Hehe. Her dad's been struggling to find a good replacement so much that he's been using a Japanese teacup for everything.
【Toya】Oh, that's too bad. But I'm sure he'll like it since you got it just for him, Azusawa.
【Toya】And it's very big, so he'll be able to drink a lot out of it.
【Akito】The designs are nice too. Did you pick red and blue ones on purpose to match?
【Kohane】Yeah. I thought it'd be nice to buy a pair, so my mom and dad can use them together.
【Kohane】Anyway, An, I think you're next!
【An】Okay. I got... Ta-daa! Juice in glass bottles!
【An】The bottles look really fancy, so you could use them as decorations once they're empty, don't you think? I was thinking about turning some into lamps.
【Akito】Hey, that's a pretty good idea coming from you.
【An】What? If it's a fight you want, then it's a fight you'll get.
【Toya】I also think it's a good idea. I didn't realize glass bottles could be refashioned in such a way. I always just disposed of them.
【An】Thanks... Anyway, last but not least, Toya, you're up!
【Akito】You spent ages talking to that shop assistant. Find anything good in the end?
【Toya】They showed me which products were selling the best, as well as what each famous brand had to offer. Thanks to them, I was able to find some chocolates which match my parents' preferences.
【Toya】They should enjoy these very much.
【Akito】I see. I'm glad you were able to find something good.
【Kohane】Speaking of which, Aoyagi, didn't you also buy some tea for your mom at that shop by the academy?
【Toya】Yes, she asked me to buy some black tea for her while I was here.
【Toya】I also picked out some coffee beans for the whole family... They let me try a few different types, and I was able to find one which I liked.
【Toya】I don't know if they'll all like it, since I chose based on my own preferences, but...
【Kohane】I don't think you have anything to worry about.
【Akito】Yeah. It has to be good if you chose it.
【An】What he said! I'm sure they're gonna love it!
【Toya】Really...?
【An】Absolutely!
【Toya】Yes, I hope you're right.
【Toya】(I should be able to find time to have coffee with Mom, but that may be a challenge with Dad...)
【Toya】(But I'd like to tell them all about what happened at the Academy over our drinks.)
【Toya】(I wonder how they would react...)
[Sound] bgm00000
