【Megurine Luka — An Idol's Knowledge〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Megurine Luka
Card: An Idol's Knowledge（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Hear Me! Hopeful Show♪
scenarioId: 024009_luka02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Minori】Hello! Thanks for having me again today!
【Luka】Welcome, Minori♪
【Luka】But are you sure you don't need a break? You just finished putting on a show too so...
【Minori】Thanks, but I'm okay. I feel like my body can really keep up now, so I want to practice!
【Minori】Also, I'm the one that asked you to help me practice!
【Minori】But only as long as I'm not being a bother to you, Luka...!
【Luka】No, I don't feel that way at all. As long as you're okay with it.
【Luka】Anyways, shall we get started♪
【Minori】Yes! Thank you!
【Minori】Luka, thanks again for today! See you again!
【Miku】Another job well done, Professor Luka!
【Rin】Hehe. We even got to do the fishy box step again.
【Luka】Yes♪ Minori has learned how to smoothly switch between different dances quite well.
【Luka】And it's all thanks to her incredible work ethic♪
【Rin】Yeah! She's really been giving it everything she has!
【Miku】I agree. Luka, you've been a great teacher as well♪
【Luka】Oh, I have?
【Miku】She's learned to relax and have confidence in herself thanks to you. It's done wonders for her.
【Rin】Totally! It's so cool how she can really speed up, hop, step, jump and stop in a snap now!
【Rin】It looks like your fishy exercises are really doing the trick for her.
【Luka】Hehe. Well, maybe just a little.
【Luka】But she was the one that was determined to practice every day to make their show a success.
【Luka】She was that driven and her passion made it all a reality.
【Miku】Her passion, huh? Yes, you're right!
【Luka】And I'm looking forward to seeing more♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] A few days later
【Luka】Welcome, Minori♪ I'm looking forward to another good session!
【Minori】Me too! Oh, would it be okay if we did something else first? About those fishy dances we've been doing...
【Minori】I just wanted to say that those drills really helped me understand how to jump between different rhythms!
【Minori】Haruka even said that my dancing's improved a lot and that it looks much sharper than before!
【Luka】Oh, that's great! I'm so happy for you♪
【Minori】Hehehe. Also, I'm really starting to understand that I need to stay loose and relaxed while I dance!
【Luka】In that case, let's start with a quick pop quiz♪
【Luka】When do you think you should be more relaxed?
【Minori】Easy! I found the answer to that in a ASRUN DVD of one of their tours!
【Minori】First, when you move to the back as others move to the front of the stage!
【Minori】In this case, everyone in the back danced a little more discretely to let everyone in the front stand out more!
【Luka】Yes, very good♪ And?
【Minori】Right! During long instrumental parts as well! Instead of dancing in place, everyone tried to make eye contact with the audience!
【Minori】What else...?
【Luka】That's wonderful, Minori! You've made quite a few discoveries♪
【Minori】Teehee...
【Minori】I was really focused on trying my best or doing everything I can, but I'm understanding how important it is to stay loose now too.
【Minori】It's really incredible just how much of a difference it makes, Luka!
【Luka】I see. I'm glad that I could help, Minori♪
【Luka】But this rabbit hole goes much deeper than that, you know.
【Minori】Right. I got a sense of that too.
【Minori】Each time watched that DVD, I kept finding new things that I never even thought to look for.
【Minori】Does that mean...?
【Luka】It just means that you're learning to see things from an idol's point of view, no?
【Minori】Huh?
【Luka】You even found some fans that truly believe in you thanks to your videos, right? Fans you want to give hope.
【Luka】As you keep learning about who you're trying to give hope to, I'm sure your understanding will keep evolving along with it.
【Minori】That makes so much sense!
【Luka】Hehehe.
【Luka】(Minori's taken quite a big step forward as an idol...)
【Luka】(It may be only a matter of time until the hard-working Minori that we first met blooms into a beautiful idol.)
[Sound] bgm00000
