【Hinomori Shiho — Any Fun Stories?〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hinomori Shiho
Card: Any Fun Stories?（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Stream With Friends♡ Wedding Live!
scenarioId: 004037_shiho02

[Background Change] bg_a002201
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard
【Shiho】Let's eat...
【Honami】I like how we all brought lunches today.
【Saki】Me too! Also, Ichi, the Salisbury steak in yours is huge!
【Ichika】We had them for dinner last night, so this is sort of just how it turned out after my mom gathered up the rest of the meat...
【Shiho】Can I have a piece? I'll give you some of my fried chicken in return.
【Ichika】Okay.
【Saki】Oh, you can tell us after you've finished eating that, but I wanna hear more about the Phoenix Bridal Fair!
【Honami】Hehe. That is sort of why we're gathered here today.
【Ichika】You went last time, right, Honami? And you said a lot had changed?
【Honami】Yes. The biggest difference for me was the booth with all the designer dresses.
【Honami】They apparently went with completely new designers this time.
【Shiho】The staff did mention how their goal is to expose the guests to as many different designers as possible.
【Saki】Oh, so that means you get to see a new lineup of dresses each time you go!
【Saki】While we're on the subject, did you try any on? Minori wore one during her stream!
【Honami】No, we didn't try any on.
【Saki】What?! But you did last time, Hona!
【Honami】That was because I wanted Ms. Yoisaki to have a good time while we were there...
【Ichika】Does that mean you didn't try one on either, Shiho?
【Shiho】Of course I didn't. I just decided to tag along after getting some shopping done.
【Shiho】Also, the primary goal was to check out the planetarium wedding.
【Saki】Oh, right! That also really caught my attention♪ How was it, Hona?
【Honami】It was beautiful. And so romantic.
【Shiho】Also, the planetarium was put together better than I was expecting.
【Honami】Yeah, it was really pretty.
【Saki】That sounds amazing. Can't we do something like that in SEKAI?
【Honami】Hmm... We could, since we'd have a starry sky available to us...
【Shiho】I dunno. It's not just the stars, it's about the width of the planetarium and the ceiling height and stuff. I don't think it'd be that simple.
【Honami】Yeah, it'd feel too open on the roof, and the classrooms don't have very high ceilings...
【Saki】Right. That's too bad...
【Ichika】But I'm sure they'll be doing it again, so we should all go together the next chance we get.
【Saki】Ichi...!
【Shiho】Oh, I know... We could make ring bearer boxes together in SEKAI.
【Ichika】Ring bearer boxes...?
【Saki】Uhh... That's where the wedding rings and the little pillow go, right?
【Honami】Yes. Shiho, Ena and I made some together since they can double as fancy accessory holders.
【Ichika】Really?! Do you have pictures? I'd really like to see what you three made.
【Honami】Okay. Mine was... Oh, here it is. I used a birdcage as the base, and made a necklace stand.
[Sound] se00183_b
【Ichika】Wow, this looks storebought...!
【Honami】They had quite a few pictures of examples and a wide assortment of materials available, so the possibilities were endless.
【Honami】Ena's looked like this... She used a crown as the base.
[Sound] se00183_b
【Saki】Wow, this is also really amazing! It's so cute and fashionable!
【Ichika】Yeah, this design has her name written all over it.
【Ichika】So, Shiho, where's yours?
【Shiho】Here's mine...
[Sound] se00183_b
【Saki】Huh...?! Th-That's so cool!
【Ichika】Yeah, it's nothing like the ones Honami and Ena made.
【Shiho】I made a little box to display a pick.
【Shiho】I did my best to keep things simple, so the pick takes center stage instead of any decorations.
【Honami】Hehe. You were so silent from the moment you started until the moment you finished.
【Shiho】You know I get really focused in those kinds of situations...
【Ichika】Hehe. We know.
【Saki】No fair. It would've been so much fun to go and make these together.
【Shiho】What's done is done, so there's no point in complaining. For now, have some fried chicken.
【Ichika】And a piece of my Salisbury steak.
【Honami】Here, you can have some of my potato salad!
【Saki】Wait, you guys are trying to buy me off with food!
【Ichika】No, we aren't.
【Shiho】Alright, we'll just take it all back if you don't want it.
【Saki】No way! Not so fast! You guys gave it to me, so it's all mine now!!!
【Shiho】Okay, they're yours. Just hurry up and eat them so you start feeling better.
[Sound] bgm00000
