【Tenma Tsukasa — Star Melody〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: Star Melody（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: On the Stage of Dazzling Light
scenarioId: 013016_tsukasa02

[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Miku】Oh! Yay! It's Tsukasa and the others☆
【KAITO】Welcome, everyone. Here to work on your show again?
【Rui】No, we're here to report on our ambassadorial show.
【Rui】We know we caused you and the others quite a bit of trouble this time around, KAITO.
【Tsukasa】Yes, precisely.
【Tsukasa】All because I couldn't properly get into character. Not only did it affect the way we practice, but I also had to ask you over and over again for help.
【Tsukasa】As a result, I made you and Rui worry about me... Luckily, my struggles are what allowed me to understand Thorpe better and fill his shoes during our show!
【Tsukasa】So, KAITO, Miku, thank you both very much! Our show wouldn't have gone so well without either of you!
【KAITO】Hehe. Oh, the thing is...
【Miku】We already knew that♪
【Emu】Huh? Wait, how?
【Nene】Were you there to see our show?
【Miku】Yup♪ We were sooo curious that we couldn't help but go have a look!
【KAITO】It was also a chance for us to see Tsukasa etch a new facet for himself as an actor.
【KAITO】You did a wonderful job as Thorpe.
【Tsukasa】I did?!
【KAITO】Yes. You took a hard look at your character, refused to compromise or give up, and put on a magnificent performance in the end.
【Tsukasa】Wow! That means a lot coming from you, KAITO!
【Tsukasa】But I wouldn't have been able to examine Thorpe in such a manner on my own.
【Tsukasa】Rui, you suggested that I find something in common with him. I probably would never have understood Thorpe the way I do now if it weren't for that.
【Tsukasa】So, thank you for giving me such wonderful advice!
【Rui】Hehe. I just did what any good director's supposed to do.
【Rui】And you did everything you could as an actor. That's really all that happened.
【Nene】You say that, but I know you were worried about him...
【Rui】Oh? I could say the same for you, Nene...
【Nene】Huh? I... I was just...
【Nene】I wasn't worried about him personally. I was worried about whether or not we could actually do our show.
【Tsukasa】Ah, Nene, you were worried about me too?! That means I need to apologize to you as well!
【Nene】Again, I was worried about our show.
【Tsukasa】Yes, I understand! Thank you, Nene!
【Emu】Hehe. But we all believed that you'd figure everything out, Tsukasa♪
【Emu】I mean, you're our super twinkly star in the sky☆
【Tsukasa】Hahaha! I know exactly what you're trying to say! After all, I'm a future star!
【Emu】Ding ding ding ding ding! That's right!!
【Nene】Wait, that's what you meant? I thought you were talking about how he's always being launched sky high.
【Rui】That also seems correct, no?
【Miku】I thought it was that too♪
【Tsukasa】Quit trying to turn me into a star in space! And don't make it sound like I'm a human cannonball! That only happens from time to time!
【KAITO】Hehe. You're all in perfect sync with one another. You've come such a long way as a troupe.
【Rui】Yes, we have. It's always a pleasure seeing how these slapstick routines play out after someone gets the ball rolling with a funny quip or remark.
【Tsukasa】Hey, is that supposed to be a compliment?! Honestly, is slapstick all that you're after?!
【Rui】Hehe. Of course, it's a compliment. As a troupe, it's important for us to be on the same page.
【Rui】Especially since no one person can put on a truly great show on their own.
【Rui】And I believe your willingness to take challenges head on is going to have a positive effect on our shows moving forward.
【Tsukasa】Yes, since I took a big step forward in terms of being a future star!
【Tsukasa】Alright, we'll be going back to putting on shows as usual until our next assignment as ambassadors comes in, so let's keep polishing what we can in the meantime.
【Emu, Nene & Rui】Yeah!
【Miku】I'm in too!
【KAITO】Break a leg, everyone!
[Sound] bgm00000
