【Kiritani Haruka — Pouring My Heart In〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Pouring My Heart In（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Grow Glorious Glow
scenarioId: 006040_haruka01

[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Caption] Shopping Mall
【Minori】Oh, Haruka, over here!
[Sound] se_run_women_002_1
【Haruka】Airi! Minori! Sorry, the train arrived a little late...
【Airi】You're fine, you're right on time. We just got here a second ago ourselves.
【Minori】Today, we're gonna whip up something that's nutritious, delicious and washes away any fatigue Shizuku's feeling!
【Haruka】Hehe. Sounds good.
【Haruka】(Shizuku's been practicing really late basically every day to make sure that her commercial turns out well...)
【Haruka】(This is all I can really do for her right now, but I hope it helps.)
【Airi】Anyway, shall we head over to the supermarket? We can decide what we're gonna make while we walk.
【Haruka】We have a few candidates, but we still haven't been able to pick a winner.
【Minori】Hmm... Is something hearty the answer? She's been working a lot on her physique, so I have to think that she's worked up a huge appetite.
【Haruka】Yeah, she's going to need something nutritious to recharge. Apparently, if you exercise on low energy reserves, your body begins breaking down muscle for fuel.
【Airi】But something light is also an option, right? We gave her something meat-based just the other day.
【Haruka】True... Then, what if we went with several light options, which will allow her to freely adjust her portions?
【Minori】Yeah, that sounds good!
【Haruka】Also, fatigue makes you more susceptible to feeling under the weather, so we'll need to be sure to strike a good nutritional balance.
【Minori】Right... It does become easier to catch a cold when your immune system is in a weakened state!
【Airi】Alright, we're gonna make something that's both light and nutritious...
【Airi】So, how about we use veggies packed with beta-carotene? They're also usually loaded with vitamins.
【Haruka】Chicken breast is also a must. It's a nice, low-fat source of protein with the skin removed. Not only does it help you recover quickly, it's also great for your physique.
【Minori】Oh, a low-calorie dish that's also really good for you is just what we're looking for this time around!
【Haruka】Hehe. Exactly. Anyway, what else can we do...?
【Minori】Hmm... Oh, I know! What if we included some of Shizuku's favorite foods as a way to help put her mind at ease?
【Minori】Like... Tofu skin or udon!
【Airi】Udon?! That's a full dish by itself...!
【Haruka】But I like that idea. Not only should eating her favorite foods have a calming effect, they might also help her focus better during practices.
【Haruka】Actually, question. Is there anything Shizuku really dislikes other than spicy foods?
【Airi】As far as I know, not really.
【Haruka】Then...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Phew... We came up with a ton of ideas!
[Sound] bgm00018
【Airi】Veggies high in beta-carotene, chicken breast, tofu skin, cabbage, olive oil... And vinegar, right?
【Haruka】Yeah, but it might be harder to pick a dish now.
【Minori】Hmm... If only there were a way for us to cram all these things into a tidy package...
【Airi】That'd be far too good to be true.
【Haruka】A tidy package...
【Haruka】There might actually be a way.
【Minori & Airi】What?
【Haruka】We could use all of the things we just listed to make tortilla wraps.
【Minori】Tortilla wraps?
【Airi】Tortillas? As in the kind you use to make tacos and stuff?
【Haruka】Yeah, but I was thinking we could use corn instead of flour tortillas, since they're apparently full of minerals and fiber.
【Haruka】Also, it'd make things pretty easy for her, since all she'd have to do is put on whatever she likes and wrap it.
【Airi】Right... That'd give her a lot more freedom, and we'd be able to include all the ingredients we just listed.
【Haruka】I just happened to come across it yesterday while searching for things we could make.
【Haruka】I saw it on this site... This person made them look nice by wrapping them in fancy paper.
[Sound] se00183_b
【Airi】Yeah, these look like little bouquets.
【Minori】Oh, what if we got some paper with a design that Shizuku would really like?!
【Airi】Plus, we have a huge list of ingredients, so it should be fun to try different combinations!
【Haruka】Both ideas sound good. So, why don't we spend today making Shizuku some wraps that we think she'd really like?
【Minori & Airi】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
