【Unit Event — At The End of The Unraveled Thread】

Event: At The End of The Unraveled Thread
Event Type: marathon
Episodes: 8
Outline: MORE MORE JUMP! is all set for their first TV appearance. However, the show's MC just happens to be the leader of the very group Shizuku used to be in, Cheerful * Days. As excited as she was about making their shoot a success, this surprise reunion has Shizuku...

[Background Change] bg_b000903
[Caption] Shizuku's Room
【Shizuku】*Sigh* I'm finally done with my homework.
【Shizuku】Oh, it's gotten very late. I need to get ready for tomorrow and get some rest.
【Shizuku】My uniform looks okay and I've already put the textbooks I need for tomorrow in my bag. That just leaves...
【Shizuku】Oh, my phone! I'm always forgetting it, so I really should...
【Shizuku】That reminds me... I wonder if the producer for iHaz replied back yet...
【Shizuku】They'll need to let us know soon if we're going to be appearing, so I'll check right now.
【Shizuku】Let's see... Press the power button and...
【Shizuku】Hm...? My screen's still black.
【Shizuku】Oh dear. Is it broken? I may need to have a repair person look at it tomorrow...
【Shizuku】I'll just ask the others about that email tomorrow.
【Shizuku】Still... I can't believe we're really getting a chance to appear on TV as MORE MORE JUMP!
【Shizuku】I was hoping that we'd receive an opportunity like this someday, but not this soon.
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b000101
[Background Change] bg_b002401
[Background Change] bg_b000903
【Shizuku】(We weren't even able to join an agency in the beginning and had no idea if we'd actually be able to do anything as idols.)
【Shizuku】(However, against all odds, we succeeded in putting on a solo show, which led to us being asked to appear on TV...)
【Shizuku】(And this appearance will give us an opportunity to take a step towards becoming idols who are worthy of doing shows at the Dome.)
【Shizuku】(Not only that...)
【Shizuku】(But our fans are all looking forward to seeing us in an entirely new format. On TV...)
【Shizuku】Our segment is only supposed to be about five minutes long, but I'll need to do my best.
【Shizuku】I have to prepare well for this...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000601
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] The next day - Lunch break
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy
【Shizuku】*Sigh* I'm running late. Helping the teacher carry all those worksheets took much longer than I expected.
[Sound] se00049
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Sound] se00144
[Sound] se00018
【Shizuku】I'm sorry for being a little late, everyone...
【Haruka】Oh, Shizuku...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】H-Hey...
【Shizuku】Is something wrong? You all seem a bit down for some reason...
【Minori】Oh... U-Uhh...
【Haruka】Have you had a chance to check your inbox, Shizuku...?
【Shizuku】My inbox?
【Shizuku】Oh, actually, I haven't... My phone wouldn't turn on when I tried to yesterday and I was thinking about having someone look at it later...
[Sound] bgm00170
【Shizuku】But I realized this morning that it just wasn't charged because the cable wasn't plugged in all the way.
【Minori】Haha. Oh, Shizuku...
【Shizuku】But you mentioned my inbox. Has our TV appearance been cancelled...?
【Airi】No, it hasn't. It's just... We just received word that the MCs for our appearance has changed.
【Shizuku】The MC...?
【Minori】Yeah... Some members of U-Symphonium were originally scheduled to be the MCs when we appeared...
【Minori】But their lead isn't feeling well, so they had to ask a different group to replace them.
【Shizuku】No, that's terrible. I really hope she's okay...
【Shizuku】So, can you tell me which group is going to be replacing them?
【Haruka】The thing is...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】It's Cheerful * Days...
【Shizuku】What...?
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001301
【Member A】Shizuku got another solo photo shoot for a magazine cover. This is clearly favoritism.
【Member B】Yeah, I guess a pretty face is all they care about. We're clearly better at singing and dancing than she is.
【Member C】You said it...
【Member C】I'm glad to finally be rid of her.
[Background Change] bg_a000801
【Shizuku】I see...
【Minori】Shizuku...?
【Haruka】How do you feel about this...?
【Shizuku】Well... I am a little wary of having to talk to them again...
【Shizuku】However, after we decided that we're going to appear on TV, I've been preparing myself for this sort of eventuality.
【Airi】Shizuku...
【Shizuku】So, please don't worry about me.
【Shizuku】More importantly, let's do our best to make the most of our very first appearance on TV!
[Sound] bgm00024
【Haruka】Right...
【Minori】Yeah! She's right! Let's do our best!
【Minori】Oh, also...! They included a few possible meeting dates in their reply. We wanted to ask which works best for you, Shizuku.
【Shizuku】Oh, I see. I'm really sorry for not checking sooner.
【Haruka】That's okay. We can check to see which date works best together.
【Shizuku】Thank you! I should be free to meet whenever...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000601
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy
【Minori】Bye, Shizuku, Airi! See you after school!
【Shizuku】See you later!
[Sound] se00170
【Shizuku】Haruka and Minori sounded really excited. And so am I now that we have a meeting date set.
【Airi】Same... Minori's apparently so excited that she's been practicing talking every night with her plushies.
【Shizuku】Hehe. Really? Minori really does have a wonderful work ethic.
【Shizuku】I'll need to do my best as well...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Yeah... And I'll do my best to try to help you if something does ever come up.
【Airi】Still...
[Background Change] bg_s000164
【Airi】Are you sure about this?
[Sound] bgm00175
【Shizuku】What...?
【Airi】About having to appear with Cheerful * Days. You made it seem like everything was fine when Minori and Haruka were with us...
【Airi】But my guess is that you don't feel great about this. I mean, they essentially chased you out after saying some really horrible stuff about you...
【Shizuku】That's...
【Airi】Appearing alongside them means having to talk to them. Face to face.
【Airi】No, it's not just that... You also have to keep smiling while in front of the cameras...
【Airi】There's no way that's gonna be easy for you. It might feel like ancient history at this point, but you'll be reopening some old and ugly wounds.
【Shizuku】Airi...
【Airi】So, if you don't feel good about this, please tell me...
【Airi】If any part of you is afraid that you're going to ruin our TV appearance... Get that out of your head and don't worry about it.
[Background Change] bg_a000601
【Shizuku】That's so kind of you, Airi...
【Airi】Wh...
【Airi】What are you talking about? I'm always kind, aren't I?!
【Shizuku】Hehe. Yes, you are. You're always so kind and incredibly thoughtful.
【Shizuku】But... I'm okay, really.
【Airi】Really...?
【Shizuku】You're right that I'm not completely fine with this...
【Shizuku】However...
【Shizuku】Nothing will change if I decide not to do this TV appearance with Cheerful * Days.
【Shizuku】And if nothing changes... I'll keep having reservations about Cheerful * Days, which will force you all to keep worrying about how I feel...
【Shizuku】I really don't want that to happen...
【Airi】Shizuku...
【Shizuku】So, I see this as a big opportunity.
【Shizuku】If we all appear together alongside them and make our segment really fun, that may actually in turn help remedy our worries.
【Shizuku】So, please don't worry about me...
【Shizuku】More importantly, I want to do everything I can to ensure that our first TV appearance goes well.
【Airi】Okay... Sounds like your mind's already made up.
【Airi】Then, alright! If you're willing to say that, I'm not pulling any punches!
【Shizuku】What?
【Airi】MORE MORE JUMP! is making its very first TV appearance... I know our segment's short, but people are gonna remember who we are!
【Shizuku】Right!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] A few days later
[Caption] TV Station
【Minori】I-I-I-I-I'm so nervous... This meeting's really happening...!
【Haruka】I understand how you feel, but you should try to relax a little.
【Airi】Yeah, the producer won't know what to say if you're that visibly petrified.
【Minori】Y-Yeah, I know... I'm trying to settle myself down...
【Minori】But...! I forget how you actually do that...!
【Airi】This is more serious than I realized...
【Shizuku】It's okay, Minori. Whenever you feel this way, just close your eyes and try to focus on yourself.
【Minori】On myself...?
【Shizuku】Yes. Try to focus on what you want to do for this TV appearance and set everything else aside.
【Shizuku】For example, it's good to think of multiple ways to answer each question. Do you know what you're hoping to talk about?
【Minori】Oh, um... So... My guess is that they're gonna ask us about how our solo show went...
【Minori】Which is when I want to show my appreciation for everyone who came to see us and those who've been supporting us.
【Shizuku】And?
【Minori】And I have a feeling they're gonna ask us about our outfits. If they do, I really wanna talk about the fans who made them for us.
【Shizuku】In summary, Minori, you mainly wish to show our fans just how much we appreciate them...?
【Minori】Oh...
【Minori】Yeah... Also, if some people decide to become our fans after seeing us on this program...
【Minori】I want to tell them that I'm gonna work really hard to inspire hope in them and wish for their support!
【Haruka】I take it you feel much better now...?
【Minori】Huh...? Whoa, you're right! My heart's still beating pretty hard, but I feel a lot calmer now!
【Minori】Your idea worked so well! Thank you, Shizuku!
[Sound] se00121
【Airi】Nice one, Shizuku.
【Shizuku】Hehe. I'm glad to hear that. I was also really nervous during my first meeting for a TV show, so I know how you feel right now, Minori.
【Minori】R-Really?! So, this is normal for everyone?!
【Shizuku】Yes. I thought my heart was going to jump out of my chest.
【Shizuku】But I gradually got used to it as I started receiving more and more of that sort of work...
【Shizuku】So, Minori, I'm sure you'll do just fine.
【Minori】I will...?
【Minori】Thank goodness! If I can learn to stay cool and calm like you guys...
[Sound] se00045
[Sound] bgm00000
【iHaz Producer】Apologies for the wait! My other meeting went on longer than expected...
【Minori】Eep!
【Haruka】Oh, you must be the producer for iHaz. It's nice to meet you. My name is Haruka Kiritani of MORE MORE JUMP!
[Sound] bgm00170
【Airi】I'm Airi Momoi, also from MORE MORE JUMP! Thank you for agreeing to meet with us today! We've been looking forward to speaking with you.
【Shizuku】And I'm Shizuku Hinomori of MORE MORE JUMP! We really appreciate this opportunity to appear on your program. We promise to do our very best.
【Minori】I... U-U-Uhh...!
【Minori】I-I'm Minori Hanasato! Thank you very much for contacting us about this offer! And... And, uhh...
【Minori】Sh-Shank you for having us today...!!!
【Airi】Minori...
【iHaz Producer】Hahaha. I can see that you're all full of energy. As I said in my email, I'm very much aware of who you all are.
【iHaz Producer】Please, sit. I'll pour us all some tea now. We can talk while munching on some of these snacks.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] TV Station
【iHaz Producer】So, we'd like for you to all appear on iHaz as part of our “Feature the Future” mini segment...
【Shizuku】Feature the Future...?
【Airi】Based on its name, I assume it's the segment dedicated to introducing up-and-coming idols.
【iHaz Producer】Yes, that's right. We have idols who are currently trending to appear as guests and ask them about their personal lives.
【iHaz Producer】And the one asking the questions will be, well... Cheerful * Days.
【Shizuku】Yes, we heard...
【iHaz Producer】Here's the script for that day. It includes a list of questions that you can expect to be asked, so please try to have your responses ready by then.
【Haruka】Understood.
【Minori】What...? Those questions are already in the script?! I was under the impression that everyone thought of those on the spot...!
【iHaz Producer】Haha. I understand why you're surprised since some shows in fact don't have scripts... However, in general, we ask people to prepare their responses in advance.
【iHaz Producer】By doing so, shoots go much more smoothly and our idols can talk freely without feeling too pressed.
【Minori】W-Wow! I had no idea...!
【Minori】I mean, I was always amazed by how everyone had all these interesting stories to tell. Now it all makes sense...
【Airi】Hehe. I used to feel the same way about variety shows way back when.
【Haruka】We're all pretty used to this now, but I was just as surprised in the beginning, Minori.
【iHaz Producer】However, please keep in mind that these questions are the ones you can “expect” to hear.
【iHaz Producer】iHaz has earned its reputation for featuring raw and uncut conversations between idols. Surprise stories are always welcome.
【iHaz Producer】So we're actually looking forward to seeing how you and the MCs interact.
【Shizuku】Come to think of it, these sorts of segments don't always end up following the script...
【Airi】Yeah. We should be ready to answer any questions that are thrown our way.
【Minori】Then, we really do need to practice!
【iHaz Producer】Hahaha. There's no need to feel so alarmed. You'll be talking to girls around the same age as you, so as long as we get to see you all having a fun conversation, our viewers will...
[Sound] se00048
【Shizuku】Hm? Someone's at the door.
【iHaz Producer】That must be our staff. Would you mind giving me a minute...?
【Airi】Yes, of course.
【iHaz Producer】Sorry for the interruption. There's plenty of snacks to go around, so please feel free to have more.
[Sound] se00523
[Sound] se00097
【Minori】The producer seems like a really busy person...
【Shizuku】Yes, and he's apparently in charge of a few other programs... Despite that, he took the time to meet with us.
【Airi】I thought so when I read his email, but he seems like a really nice person. It's also reassuring that he's great at explaining things.
【Haruka】Me too. If our actual appearance also goes this well...
[Sound] se00045
【iHaz Producer】Excuse me, MORE MORE JUMP! Do you have a minute?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Haruka】Yes, of course... How can we help you?
【iHaz Producer】So, they're shooting a variety show called “Princess's Brunch” in the studio just above us. They're taking a break right now and some folks from there came to say hello to us...
【iHaz Producer】They're the MCs for the next iHaz... Cheerful * Days.
[Sound] bgm00038
【Haruka】...!
【iHaz Producer】Then, when we mentioned that MORE MORE JUMP! is here to meet with us, they said that they'd also like to say hi to all of you.
【Shizuku】Say hi to us...?
【Airi】Shizuku...
【iHaz Producer】I'm aware that there's some history between you and Cheerful * Days, Hinomori. We heard some rumors through the grapevine not too long ago...
【iHaz Producer】Which is why we were worried that you wouldn't accept our offer to appear on this program.
【Minori】What...?
【iHaz Producer】And yet, you accepted. Which tells me that you've prepared yourselves for this.
【Shizuku】...
【iHaz Producer】Even if you don't speak with them today, you will when we shoot. So...
【iHaz Producer】If possible, I'd like for you to all meet now instead of later. What do you say?
【Minori】Um...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】I agree...
【Shizuku】I was actually hoping to see them as well, so if you don't mind...
【Minori】Shizuku...
【Shizuku】Is that okay with all of you...?
【Minori】Oh, um... Y-Yeah...
【Airi】Okay...
【iHaz Producer】Then, I don't want to pull them away from the studio, so let's go to them.
【iHaz Producer】They should be back upstairs now, so I'll show you all the way.
【Shizuku】Wonderful. Thank you very much.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001901
[Sound] bgm00024
[Sound] se00034
[Caption] Program Studio
【Equipment Tech】How's this? Is it good where it is?
【Sound Tech】Can someone fix that lapel mic?
【Minori】Wow! This studio's so big...! With a staff to match...!
【Airi】Now that you mention it, we don't exactly belong here. Are we really allowed to enter?
【iHaz Producer】I've already asked and received permission to show you around. Now, where did Cheerful * Days go...
【???】Oh, hello. Are you here to see us?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】Oh...
【???】We know you're very busy, so the others and I decided to wait until later to speak with you again... Thank you very much for taking the time out of your schedule to do this.
【Shizuku】(Arisa...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001301
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Shizuku】...
【iHaz Producer】Ah, hello. I'd rather not force you to make the same trip twice. Especially since we asked you to sub in as the MCs on such short notice...
【Group Members】Please, don't mind us! We're really happy about getting to appear on iHaz! We've been wanting to for a while now!
【Arisa】Yes, we have. Also...
【Arisa】We get to see a familiar face.
[Sound] bgm00021
【Shizuku】Yes... It's nice to see all of you again. I'm glad to see that you're all doing well.
【Group Members】Likewise, Shizuku. We watched some of your streams. You seem to be having way more fun than when you were with Cheerful * Days.
【Shizuku】Um, well...
【Arisa】We can discuss that another time. For now, we're simply here to greet each other.
【Arisa】We're meeting as two different groups today, but I'm looking forward to appearing alongside all of you.
【Arisa】I know a lot happened between us...
【Arisa】But iHaz is pretty well known throughout the idol-fan community and has a very passionate staff onboard. So, I want to make the most of this opportunity.
【Arisa】So, Shizuku... As short as the MORE MORE JUMP! segment is going to be, I want to do it right.
【Arisa】I'm going to give it everything I have, so I hope you will as well.
【Minori】Oh! U-Uhh...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】Yes, we will. We may be a bit rough around the edges since it's going to be our first appearance on TV as MORE MORE JUMP!
【Shizuku】But we also plan to give it everything we have. We'll be looking forward to the conversation we're going to have during our shoot.
【Arisa】*Nod*
【Arisa】Then, for now, thank you all very much. We'll see you again during the actual shoot.
【Arisa】You as well, sir. See you then. Now, if you'll excuse us.
[Sound] se00172
【Minori】Whoa...! That... That really made my hairs stand up!
[Sound] bgm00180
【Airi】You can tell something fierce is hiding behind that smile of hers.
【Airi】However, she was probably telling the truth...
【Haruka】I agree. She seems to genuinely want the show to go well.
【Haruka】Which makes sense since she's in a group that's maintained its popularity for so long...
【Airi】Which means we can't let our guard down. Let's prepare as much as we can leading up to the shoot.
【Haruka & Minori】Yeah...!
【Shizuku】(The others seem determined to make sure our shoot goes well.)
【Shizuku】(That means I also need to do what I can...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] A few days later
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Miku】So, you've already had your meeting...?!
【Rin】Then, all that's left is the actual shoot... This is so exciting!
【MEIKO】I know it's not going to be easy, so we'll understand if you feel a little nervous. However, we're very much looking forward to seeing your beautiful smiles on TV!
【Airi】Thanks! We're gonna prep as much as we can leading up to it!
【Airi】Which means... We have to start brainstorming what could come our way.
【Shizuku】Right. They may've provided us with a script, but the producer did mention how surprises are always welcome.
【Haruka】We don't know what the Cheerful * Days MCs are going to throw at us, so we need to be prepared to answer some unexpected questions.
【KAITO】Speaking of which... You met with Cheerful * Days at the TV station, yes?
【Len】What were they like...? It was your first time seeing them after you left, right, Shizuku?
【Shizuku】Yes. I was a little nervous at first, but I managed.
【Shizuku】We greeted each other like normal and agreed to do everything we can for our shoot...
【Airi】If I'm gonna be honest, that left a pretty bad taste in my mouth...
【Airi】I mean, they said some really awful things about you, Shizuku. The least they could do is apologize.
【Minori】Airi...
【Airi】Still, it seemed like it was more or less all water under the bridge, which is good...
【Shizuku】Yes...
【Haruka】Also, about Higure... She became the lead after you left, right, Shizuku?
【Shizuku】Yes, Arisa...
【Shizuku】She has a very strong sense of responsibility and has this talent for pulling everybody in the right direction. Which is why when I saw that she had become the new lead, I thought she was the perfect person for the job.
【Shizuku】Is something wrong?
【Airi】Is something wrong...? I'm flabbergasted by how you can praise her after she said all those atrocious things about you.
【Airi】But I guess that's just who you are... I'd never be able to do that.
【Shizuku】I'm saying this because she really is a hard-working person.
【Shizuku】Also, I don't think they were wrong about what they said about me back then...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】What...?
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001301
【Member A】Shizuku got another solo photo shoot for a magazine cover. This is clearly favoritism.
【Member B】Yeah, I guess a pretty face is all they care about. We're clearly better at singing and dancing than she is.
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Shizuku】It always took me more time than the others to master new songs and dances...
[Sound] bgm00024
【Shizuku】Not only that, but I always needed their help whenever we appeared on TV or did shows and such. I have a hard time saying that I was suited to be the lead.
【Luka】Shizuku...
【Shizuku】Oh, I'm sorry... I didn't mean for you to all feel so worried.
【Luka】No, it's just... That must've been such an ordeal...
【Shizuku】It was nothing, really... I don't think it was me who had it tough, but rather...
【Shizuku】Actually, why don't I take this opportunity to tell you more about what happened between me and Cheerful * Days?
【Airi】What...?
【Minori】B-But... Are you sure...? Doesn't that mean you have to reopen some old wounds...?
【Shizuku】It's okay...
【Shizuku】If anything, I want you all to know. I believe this will help clear the air and allow us to properly prepare for our shoot.
【Haruka】Shizuku...
【Airi】Alright... If you're okay with this, we're listening.
【Shizuku】Thank you...
【Shizuku】I'm sure you already know this, but I joined Cheerful * Days after auditioning for them...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b000101
[Sound] bgm00195
[Caption] A few years ago
[Caption] Talent Agency
【Shizuku】When I first joined this agency, I was billed more often as the “Grand Prix winner” as opposed to the new member of Cheerful * Days.
【Shizuku】I remember being so busy too. I was constantly asked to do interviews on TV and short segments for certain shows...
【Shizuku】So, I wasn't able to meet the other girls who joined at the same time as me until much later... But it was a very memorable moment for me.
【Producer】This is the most recent Grand Prix winner. Shizuku Hinomori.
【Producer】She's a member of the third generation just like all of you and will be joining you on stage moving forward. I hope you'll give her a warm welcome.
【Shizuku】H-Hello. My name is Shizuku Hinomori... I apologize for not introducing myself sooner.
【Shizuku】I, um... Unlike the rest of you, I don't have any experience in the entertainment industry... But I'm hoping to learn what I can as we go along...!
[Sound] se00306
【Group Members】Nice to meet you, Shizuku!
【Group Members】This is a little odd since we're members of the same generation, but I've been following you on TV. I actually saw you earlier today! Let's do our best together!
【Shizuku】Yes, of course...! Thank you very much!
【Arisa】Hehe. We're the same generation and the same age, so there's no need to be so formal.
【Shizuku】(Oh, that girl...)
【Arisa】You're wondering if we've met before, yes...? I was the runner-up in the Grand Prix just behind you.
【Shizuku】Yes, I remember. You're Arisa Higure, yes? You're so cute, and such a good singer and dancer... You definitely left a big impression on me.
【Arisa】Really? But that's coming from the girl with the most brilliant aura of all time.
【Shizuku】Oh... I'm sorry. I didn't mean to...
【Arisa】Haha. Sorry, I was just pulling your leg!
【Shizuku】Huh? Um...
【Arisa】Again, there's no need to act so formal here. After all, we're members of the same group. Also...
【Arisa】I lost the audition, but I'm going to become a select member no matter what. So, I want you to also give it everything you have.
【Arisa】Let's do our best to make it so everyone calls the third generation the best ever in the history of Cheerful * Days, Shizuku!
【Shizuku】Oh...
【Shizuku】Yes, let's...!
【Shizuku】That was the first time I met everyone... Arisa in particular was a powerful figure that I believe would be leading others someday.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b002101
【Shizuku】From there on, I began learning more about the entertainment industry while receiving a long list of offers.
【Shizuku】Everyone was very nice... We always had so much fun while waiting backstage or in the green room.
【Shizuku】Then, one day... We were told that we'd be releasing a new song. Something different and not in our usual genre...
【Shizuku】The dance for it was much more dynamic than usual, which I struggled just to memorize... But the others also had a hard time.
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Sound] bgm00038
[Caption] Practice Space
【Shizuku】Huff... Huff...
【Group Members】*Sigh* I'm exhausted! The dance for this song's way too hard!
【Group Members】Honestly, I'm struggling to just keep up. I don't even have the time to see what everyone else is doing... And this is the opening number for our show? How are we going to get through it?
【Shizuku】(I knew this song wasn't going to be easy to learn, but the others are also struggling... And they're by far way better dancers than I am...)
【Shizuku】(Am I actually keeping up with them...?)
【Arisa】Hey, whining won't get us anywhere. We have to get this completely down before our show.
【Group Members】*Sob* We know that, but...
【Arisa】Alright, cheer up. I mean, don't forget that we've overcome a lot as a group already.
【Arisa】So, why don't we all go out for some barbeque today? We've been practicing nonstop for a while now, so I think we deserve a little break.
【Group Members】B-Barbeque?! Yeah! Let's go!
【Arisa】Alright, let's go! How about you, Shizuku...?!
【Shizuku】Oh, I...
【Shizuku】I'd like to go, but... I really need to practice this routine a little more.
【Group Members】Wait, you're still gonna practice? But it's already getting pretty late.
【Shizuku】I know... But I'm not as good at dancing as the rest of you, so I need to practice more to keep up...
【Arisa】Then, I'll join you! I can't go knowing that you're going to be practicing!
【Group Members】Wait, Arisa, what about barbeque?!
【Group Members】We practiced so much today! And I've got a huge craving for barbeque now!
【Arisa】Yes, but...
【Shizuku】Don't mind me. Please go ahead.
【Shizuku】I'd rather not keep you behind since you've already mastered it, Arisa.
【Arisa】No, I really haven't... Some parts still definitely need work...
【Group Members】But breaks are important too, right? Shizuku's giving us the green light, so let's go stuff our faces!
【Arisa】Alright, fine. Let's go...
【Arisa】Please don't push yourself too hard, Shizuku. We really don't want you to get injured in the process.
【Shizuku】Thank you. I promise to be careful, so please go have fun.
[Sound] se00172
[Sound] se00044
【Shizuku】*Sigh* As unfortunate as it is that I can't join them, I need to keep practicing.
【Shizuku】(Since learning the dance routine as a whole has taken up so much of my time, I'm still struggling to master the details.)
【Shizuku】(I can somewhat do the dance... But at this rate, I won't look very good on stage.)
【Shizuku】So...
[Sound] se_event_thread_2023_004
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】Let's keep trying!
【Shizuku】I'll start again from the top and do what the dance teacher said. Move with grace and elegance...
【Shizuku】And I'm not moving my hips very well for this part. I need to flow with the rhythm...
【Producer】...
【Staff】Huh? Sir, what are you doing here?
【Producer】Hmm... You've been watching these girls for quite a while now. Tell me. What do you think of Hinomori?
【Staff】What do I think...? She has this incredible aura. I mean, she outshined all the others during their first show.
【Staff】And I love how she has this incredible work ethic. Also, she can also be a little clumsy sometimes, so I think that contrast makes her more appealing...
【Staff】In that sense, she may end up garnering the support of the more hardcore fans as opposed to the casual ones.
【Producer】Which is a problem...
【Producer】Hinomori won the Grand Prix because so many people were compelled by her perfect looks. To them, she's a beautiful but delicate flower that can accomplish anything flawlessly...
【Producer】As a result, she's received more media exposure than anyone else from the third generation. So, we can't afford to disappoint everyone.
【Staff】But...
【Producer】That's why we need to find a new way to bill her. If we don't, her fifteen minutes as the Grand Prix winner will be over before we know it.
【Producer】Nobody wants to see Hinomori the clumsy girl...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b002201
[Sound] bgm00175
[Caption] A few months later
[Caption] Shoot location
【Shizuku】Thank you for today.
【TV Producer】Shizuku, excellent work! Your aura was as brilliant as ever today! I can see why everyone admires you so much!
【Shizuku】Oh...
【Shizuku】(They admire me...?)
【Shizuku】Thank you very much...
【TV Producer】Also, you've been very busy lately! Your manager said the other day that he's having trouble juggling all the shoots you're being asked to do...
【Shizuku】Oh, I'm sorry... If I can help it, I'm trying to not refuse any offers...
【TV Producer】That's completely fine since you're the it girl. Fortunately, I was able to book you, so I couldn't be happier.
【Shizuku】I see... Then, I'll be looking forward to our next shoot.
【TV Producer】Yes, likewise! Again, I know you're busy, so try not to push yourself too hard.
[Sound] se00097
【Shizuku】(My schedule really has been very full lately that it's dizzying...)
【Shizuku】(Not too long ago, I never would've imagined being in this sort of situation. It must also be because of the producer's...)
【Shizuku】Oh no! Look at the time! I need to get to my lesson!
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] Practice Space
[Sound] se00357
【Shizuku】I'm sorry for being so late!
【Group Members】Hey, Shizuku. You had that shoot for that show today, right?
【Arisa】And you have to do that interview after practice, no? Talk about a tight schedule.
【Shizuku】Yes, but... I'm also glad that I'm being kept busy.
【Group Members】Yeah, Shizuku, your popularity's going through the roof! The producer came up with such a good plan for you!
【Shizuku】Oh...
【Shizuku】But that's not who I really am...
【Arisa】I understand how you feel, Shizuku. I mean, having to essentially put on an act every time does seem pretty daunting.
【Group Members】But it's working, right? I feel like everyone's been talking about the “mysterious but perfect Shizuku” lately.
【Group Members】Yeah. Your new persona's also probably why you've been getting so many offers.
【Shizuku】But that's all because the producer always prepares a script for me and you're all there to back me up. I always make so many mistakes when I'm on my own...
【Shizuku】Which is why I'm concerned... Is this really the right way to go...?
【Group Members】What's wrong with that? All your fans adore you because of it.
【Shizuku】What...?
【Group Members】Yeah. It's not uncommon for people to play a character they've come up with.
【Shizuku】But I'm really not sure how long I can keep this up... I'm afraid that the real me is going to slip out one day...
【Arisa】I have to think that the producer's already taken that into consideration. Otherwise, I doubt he would've asked us to help.
【Arisa】I'm going to be honest, I also wasn't sure about this plan at first. But, if you becoming more popular means Cheerful * Days gets more attention...then I have no objections.
【Arisa】You know what they say. There's no such thing as bad publicity. Your popularity means the rest of the third generation also gets to enjoy the limelight!
【Group Members】Yeah, Shizuku, don't worry. We'll be right there to catch you if we see that you're about to fall!
【Shizuku】Everyone...
【Shizuku】Thank you so much.
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Shizuku】After that, they kept their promise and saved me every time I was about to make a mistake...
[Background Change] bg_d000101
【Shizuku】I found comfort in knowing that they were there for me and I was very grateful for that... However, at the same time, I felt incredibly bad for them and tried to do what I can to be “perfect”...
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Shizuku】Unfortunately, that didn't go well, and those around me became my crutch...
[Background Change] bg_b001301
【Shizuku】But I kept receiving more and more offers, and in time I had been asked to become the new lead...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】Not long after that, everyone slowly began to change their attitudes towards me...
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Sound] se00357
【Shizuku】I'm sorry for being late! My other shoot went on longer than I was expecting.
[Sound] bgm00021
【Group Members】How many times is that now...? I thought you asked the manager to keep this from happening.
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Shizuku】We ended up going off-script today and I didn't know what to talk about... Thank you for always being there to help me.
【Group Members】You're welcome...? Seriously, when are you gonna learn to do things yourself? We're getting sick of having to play defense for you.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001301
【Shizuku】Then, the final nail in the coffin was...
【Group Members】Shizuku, is it true that you're not gonna be in our next show...?
[Sound] bgm00055
【Shizuku】I'm so sorry... It just happens to conflict with this live broadcast I'll be doing...
【Shizuku】As much as I want to prioritize our shows, they told me that they couldn't make any casting changes after they set this date.
【Group Members】We get that work is work. Still...
【Arisa】And you're okay with all this, Shizuku?
【Shizuku】What?
【Arisa】You have the most fans out of all of us, Shizuku, and many of them were looking forward to seeing you during our next show.
【Arisa】How do you think they're going to feel when they find out that you're not going to be there? They can't refund their tickets, you know?
【Arisa】What happens when they find out that you've put some TV offer before them?
【Shizuku】I-I know this isn't good. But...
【Group Members】Then, do something. Make it so you can actually perform in our show.
【Shizuku】But... That other show airs very soon...
【Group Members】So, you're not gonna do anything? What happened to being the lead?
【Shizuku】...
【Group Members】Okay, this has been on my mind for a while now. Is there really any point in you being in Cheerful * Days, Shizuku?
【Group Members】You always leave early during practice to go do something else, while we work our butts off to make our fans smile during our shows.
【Group Members】We didn't throw you all those lifelines just so you can keep appearing on TV and stuff.
【Shizuku】Oh...
【Group Members】I know, right? Seriously, what kind of lead are you? I've had it up to here with you.
【Shizuku】But... I...
【Shizuku】I'm sorry. I really am. And you're all right. I... I should've asked the staff sooner if there was anything we could do about this.
【Shizuku】I've been wondering ever since I was chosen to be the new lead... Am I really cut out for this...?
【Shizuku】I wish someone else were chosen instead of...
【Arisa】Oh, just stop.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】...
【Arisa】You always do this. You never think for yourself and just do as you're told.
【Arisa】You were given a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity that the rest of us would do anything for, but you don't seem to care whatsoever about capitalizing on it.
【Shizuku】Arisa...
【Arisa】And guess what? You're right. You're not cut out to be the lead. I agree with what everyone else said too.
【Arisa】We had to do so much just to protect your precious persona. And only you get to reap the benefits.
【Shizuku】Yes, I understand...
【Arisa】No, you don't! You have no idea what it's like for us to play second fiddle to you!
【Shizuku】...
【Arisa】Despite all that, I took it. We all did because we wanted to keep doing shows for our fans...
【Arisa】But you...!
【Arisa】You walk all over us like it's nothing... And now, even though you know how much it means to us, you're ducking out of our show...
【Arisa】I'm never going to forgive you for this.
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Shizuku】I knew that what I was given could only be maintained with the help of those around me. At least, I thought I did...
[Sound] bgm00034
【Shizuku】Which is why I wanted to give back to Cheerful * Days in any way that I could by working... I tried...
【Shizuku】But after that...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b002101
【Shizuku】W-Wait... Where's my stage outfit...?
【Group Members】Oh, is your outfit missing? Probably because you appear in so few shows.
【Group Members】Haha. Right? You might want to remind the stylist that Shizuku Hinomori's actually going to perform today!
【Shizuku】...
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Shizuku】Things only got worse from there...
【Shizuku】I became so overwhelmed by my own business that I couldn't do anything for the others...
【Shizuku】Not only that...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001301
【Arisa】You were given a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity that the rest of us would do anything for, but you don't seem to care whatsoever about capitalizing on it.
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Miku】Shizuku?
【Shizuku】It's okay...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】Anyway, that's why I agree with what Arisa and the others said.
【Shizuku】I had no right being the lead in the first place. Especially since I couldn't do anything for the others and ended up leaving the group...
【Shizuku】So, since we've been given an opportunity to appear on TV alongside Cheerful * Days, I'd like to make the most of it.
[Sound] bgm00039
【Shizuku】I have to make up for what happened back then...
【Luka】I know it won't be easy, but I hope this clears the air between all of you...
【MEIKO】Yes, I don't think either party was wrong in this case.
【MEIKO】Although, I can't condone what they said or the way they took their frustrations out on you.
【MEIKO】However, they're idols... They were probably feeling quite a lot of pressure to succeed.
【Shizuku】Yes, I agree with you there...
【MEIKO】I hope this shoot gives everyone from Cheerful * Days a chance to understand how you truly feel.
【Shizuku】MEIKO...
【Shizuku】Yes, I would like that very much.
【Airi】Alright, now that we've had a chance to learn more about Shizuku's past, let's start practicing our responses to those questions.
【Minori】Yeah! I'll play the MC!
【Minori】U-Umm, so...! What are your favorite foods?!
【Airi】That's the first question you landed on after hearing Shizuku's story...?
【Haruka】Maybe you should try answering some questions first, Minori.
【Minori】What?! But I'm really sure that we're gonna be asked that!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001901
[Caption] The day of the shoot
[Caption] TV Station - Studio
【Arisa】Alright, it's time for...! idol...
【Group Members】Hazard!!!
【Arisa】This week's MCs will be the lead of Cheerful * Days, myself, Arisa Higure, and—!
【Marina】Marina Yamashita, one of the new additions from the fourth generation!
[Sound] se_event_thread_2023_005
【Minori】I-I-I-I-It's finally starting...!
【Haruka】We're not supposed to appear for a while, so let's relax and just watch as spectators until then.
【Minori】H-How are you able to stay so calm, Haruka...?! It feels like my heart's about to burst out of my chest...!
【Airi】Says the girl who was chowing down on snacks in the green room until just a second ago. You're not gonna last very long at this rate.
【Shizuku】Don't worry, Minori. Just try to remember what we discussed during our meeting.
【Shizuku】I'm sure you'll feel much better once you do.
【Minori】R-Right! Just focus on myself...!
【Minori】I want to get my name out there... So I can spread hope to as many people as I can...
【Airi】Now it sounds like she's chanting something...
【Haruka】But I think it's working.
【Marina】And I've been hooked on this stuff called “drinkable cake” lately because having actual cake late at night is like the opposite of eating healthy, you know?!
【Arisa】Yeah, I know what you mean. But doesn't that mean you're still taking in the same amount of calories?
【Shizuku】(Oh...)
【Marina】That's the thing! They use really low-fat cream, which means I can have as much as I like!
【Arisa】“As much as you like” doesn't mean less calories!
【Arisa】Still, Marina, you really do love sweets, don't you? It's almost your birthday, so why don't you make a little request to your fans out there?
【Marina】Wait, you mean it?! Then, I'll take this opportunity to tell them that... I want lots and lots of snacks and treats♪
[Sound] se_event_thread_2023_006
【Shizuku】(Arisa's improved quite a bit as an MC...)
【Shizuku】(She must be working very hard considering how many different programs she's been appearing on lately.)
【Shizuku】(Not only that, but everyone on the big panel...)
【Group Members】Slow down, Marina! Don't forget that we're not really allowed to ask people to give us food!
【Group Members】Also, what happened to the fourth generation being the new kids on the block? You seem pretty used to being in the spotlight, Marina! Are you sure you're really a rookie?
[Sound] se_event_thread_2023_006
【Shizuku】(They know how to throw in funny quips and jabs at the right moments. They're working very well together to the show's benefit. Which reinforces how...)
【Arisa】Alright, settle down. That's the sort of banter iHaz needs, but no more ganging up on the new girl. So, for our next segment...!
【Shizuku】(I really shouldn't have been the lead of Cheerful * Days back then...)
【Shizuku】(I was supposed to just do as I was told, but I really only followed the scripts they gave me... I had no ability to actually speak for myself...)
【Shizuku】(Even that didn't go well on a number of occasions, and the others were forced to save me.)
【Shizuku】(My mind was so overwhelmed by having to play the “perfect” Shizuku Hinomori...)
【Shizuku】(But...)
【Shizuku】(I'm not that girl anymore.)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001301
【Arisa】You were given a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity that the rest of us would do anything for, but you don't seem to care whatsoever about capitalizing on it.
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Shizuku】(That time, I didn't fully comprehend what she meant...)
【Shizuku】(But now, I...)
【Staff】MORE MORE JUMP! You're on standby!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】...!
【Airi】This is it.
【Airi】Ready, everyone...?!
[Sound] song00004_off_f
【Haruka】Yes. I'm ready whenever.
【Minori】I-I-I-I-I'm ready...!
【Airi】I'm looking forward to seeing how you do in front of the cameras, Minori, but...
【Airi】How about you, Shizuku? It's been a while since you've been on TV.
【Shizuku】I'm ready.
【Shizuku】It's been a long time since I last did this, but let's try to make the most of it.
【Airi】Sounds good. Then, let's go!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Arisa】Next, we have the mini segment that's all the rage right now! It's another edition of “Feature the Future” brought to you today by Marina and Arisa!
【Marina】So, let's bring in our guests! Give a big round of applause for MORE MORE JUMP!
[Sound] se_event_thread_2023_001
【Minori】(Uh... The script said... Oh, we start by introducing ourselves...!)
【Minori】Don't give up on your dreams, Minorinrin! Here's a bouquet of hope for you! Hello! I'm Minori Hanasato from MORE MORE JUMP!
[Sound] bgm00137
【Haruka】No matter how far, may this song of hope reach you! I'm Haruka Kiritani from MORE MORE JUMP!
【Airi】One special delivery of love coming right up!
【Airi】It's the lovely fairy, Airi! Airi Momoi from MORE MORE JUMP! at your service!
【Shizuku】Here to bring you a burst of happiness. I'm Shizuku Hinomori from MORE MORE JUMP!
【Shizuku】This is our first time appearing on TV together, so...
【Minori, Haruka, Shizuku & Airi】Thank you for having us!
[Sound] se_event_thread_2023_005
【Marina】Wow! MORE MORE JUMP! in the flesh! Welcome to idol Hazard!
【Arisa】We've been looking forward to having you on!
【Arisa】Actually, mind if we talk like normal for this? I mean, I feel pretty awkward speaking so formally...
【Shizuku】(Oh...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b000101
【Arisa】Again, there's no need to act so formal here. After all, we're members of the same group. Also...
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Shizuku】Yes, of course...
【Marina】You guys sound like you all go to the same high school or something. You've met some of them before, right, Arisa?
【Arisa】Yeah, I've worked with Airi before when she was still with QT. Them and Cheerful * Days are managed by the same agency.
【Airi】Yeah, that takes me back... Remember when both our groups did that big sports day event together?
【Arisa】However, Haruka, Minori, we may or may not have crossed paths before, but this is essentially our first time talking to one another.
【Haruka】Yes, it is... We've been looking forward to seeing you today.
【Arisa】Likewise! And there's no need for either of you to be formal with me. That just leaves...
【Arisa】I believe our viewers are more than aware that Shizuku and I have some history.
【Shizuku】Yes, well...
【Marina】Yeah, Shizuku, you used to be in Cheerful * Days, right?! You moved on before I joined, so this is my first time seeing you in person!
【Arisa】No, she didn't “move on”. She left us behind!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se_event_thread_2023_006
【Airi】Whoa! Really?! Now?! Our segment literally just started!
[Sound] bgm00038
[Sound] se_event_thread_2023_006
【Haruka】Honestly. We haven't even had a chance to sit down yet.
【Arisa】Oh, sorry! My bad! I got a little ahead of myself since we have so much to discuss.
【Arisa】Anyway, please, take your seats! There are several questions that I want to ask since we don't see each other often.
【Arisa】I have to think our viewers are beyond excited about Cheerful * Days and MORE MORE JUMP! appearing together today.
【Shizuku】Yes, I agree. I've been looking forward to speaking with you and the others today.
【Haruka】(I had a feeling that it was going to get a bit heated today, but she seems eager to go right at us.)
【Airi】(Shizuku leaving wasn't a good thing for them either. The agency must've seen the script for this, so a part of me hoped that they'd keep their idols from going too far.)
【Airi】(I definitely underestimated this girl. Also...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000101
【iHaz Producer】iHaz has earned its reputation for featuring raw and uncut conversations between idols. Surprise stories are always welcome, so...
【iHaz Producer】So we're actually looking forward to seeing how you and the MCs interact.
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Airi】(Yeah, that's television for you... We came knowing that something like this could happen.)
【Airi】(But...)
【Airi】(Is Shizuku really gonna be okay...?)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001901
[Caption] TV Station - Studio
【Arisa】Okay, now that you've all had a chance to take your seats, we'll give a brief overview of what this segment involves!
【Marina】In this segment, we bring on a variety of idol groups that everyone's talking about right now, including rising stars to those who've been around the block, and ask them some really juicy personal questions♪
【Arisa】To be fair, outside of Minori, MORE MORE JUMP! is comprised of veteran idols.
【Marina】But you guys don't belong to an agency, right? Wasn't it really hard to put on a successful solo show the way you did?
【Minori】(Oh, she went back to the script...!)
【Haruka】Yes, it was. And we wouldn't have been able to do it on our own. We were able to put on a great show because our fans were willing to help us.
【Marina】Yeah, I heard! Apparently, MMJ has been putting on all sorts of events with the help of their fans!
【Arisa】And they made the outfits you're wearing, right? They're so cute! I love them!
【Minori】Y-Yes, they did...! We were really worried about what outfits to wear since it's our first time appearing on TV...
【Minori】But we decided to wear these for this appearance because we wanted to tell all our fans just how much we appreciate what they've done for us!
【Marina】Wow! That's great! I'm sure they couldn't be happier!
【Arisa】So, did your fans also design them?
【Haruka】Actually, Shizuku came up with the base designs. Our fans made them based on what she came up with.
【Arisa】Really? Shizuku, you designed these...?
【Shizuku】I spent quite a lot of time thinking about how to design them since it was my first time doing anything like this. And when I tried to look up what certain flowers symbolize...
【Shizuku】For some reason, I ended up opening a map that I couldn't close. I was so confused.
【Marina】Wait, you were looking up information on flowers and ended up on a map?! And you couldn't close it?! How'd that happen?!
【Airi】Oh, um... Shizuku and electronics don't exactly get along...
【Haruka】Just the other day, she told us that her phone wouldn't turn on, but we found out later that the charger wasn't plugged in all the way.
【Shizuku】H-Haruka... That's really embarrassing...
[Sound] se_event_thread_2023_006
【Arisa】So, between helping out for your shows and designing your outfits, you as a group seem to have a much closer relationship with your fans compared to other idols.
【Shizuku】Yes, we do. MORE MORE JUMP! livestreams on a regular basis, so we've made it a point to communicate with our fans.
【Arisa】I see. But weren't they a bit disillusioned with you at first?
【Arisa】I mean, Shizuku, you're totally different from when you were in Cheerful * Days.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】There you go again! This question wasn't in the script!
[Sound] bgm00038
【Haruka】Even after Marina went out of her way to get us back on track.
[Sound] se_event_thread_2023_006
【Marina】Arisa, I get that you like being seen as having a sharp tongue, but aren't you going a little too far?
【Arisa】What?! Aren't any of you curious?! I mean, she seems to be having way more fun now compared to when she was with us!
【Shizuku】Of course, my time with Cheerful * Days was fun.
【Arisa】Are you sure? Back then, you had to be the “perfect” Shizuku Hinomori 24/7.
【Arisa】But now, you're acting all dopey and telling people about how you and your phone don't get along.
【Arisa】Aren't your fans from when you were still in Cheerful * Days going to be disappointed?
【Arisa】More to the point, Shizuku, tell us. Which one is the real you?
【Shizuku】I, um...
【Haruka】(She's really digging in, but the cameras are still rolling. That must mean...)
【iHaz Producer】...
【Haruka】(Like he said during our meeting, this show welcomes these sorts of things. Which explains why Higure's being so...)
[Sound] se00053
【Arisa】I'm going to give it everything I have, so I hope you will as well.
【Arisa】Well, I already know the answer, but I'm sure our panel here would love to find out...!
【Group Members】Yeah, I'm sure a lot of other people are also wondering!
【Group Members】So, it's true? When you were still with Cheerful * Days... That was all for show?
【Marina】Whoa, they seem pretty eager to find out...
【Marina】S-So, Shizuku... I know it's a tough question, but would you be willing to give us an answer...?
【Airi】(Shizuku...)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】Of course. I'm sure, like you've all said, quite a few people out there are probably wondering.
【Shizuku】Please allow me to take this opportunity to clarify things. When I was still a member of Cheerful * Days...
【Shizuku】I was playing someone who I wasn't.
【Marina】What?! Really?! But... Why?
【Shizuku】This is going to sound like a terrible excuse, but it's because I had very little confidence in myself...
[Sound] bgm00034
【Shizuku】Which is why I admired those who could accomplish anything flawlessly... I also wanted to be “perfect”...
【Shizuku】So, I thought I could achieve that by playing someone who could.
【Minori】(Shizuku's saying that like it was her idea.)
【Minori】(Even though it was really her agency's...)
【Airi】...
【Shizuku】However, I had trouble accomplishing that on my own. As a result, I often ended up asking everyone from Cheerful * Days for their help...
【Shizuku】No, not just them... Everyone from the agency staff to those who asked me to make appearances for them...
【Shizuku】Which ultimately led to me leaving the group and disappointing my fans... I had no right being the lead to begin with.
【Shizuku】I'm very sorry for what I did...
【Minori】Shizuku...
【Group Members】Yeah, we know you had it rough back then, and couldn't say anything until now!
【Group Members】Too true. You might've had a script each time, but we knew that the real you was a clumsy person. I was always so scared that you'd say something that could be taken the wrong way!
【Group Members】I know, right?! It felt like we were walking on eggshells every time someone asked something off-script!
【Arisa】I remember a time when she was asked how she liked to take her coffee and she started talking about tea. We really struggled with that one!
[Sound] se_event_thread_2023_006
【Marina】O-O-Okay then... It sounds like the third generation has a lot to say regarding this...
【Marina】But should we really keep going? This discussion's sort of turning into something you hear at an all-girls high school!
【Shizuku】I don't mind... It's all true and I knew that I'd have to speak openly about this someday.
【Shizuku】Also, I realized something...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】The me from Cheerful * Days and the current me are one and the same.
【Arisa】Huh...?
【Shizuku】As I just mentioned, I was able to play the “perfect” version of myself because I had the help of the staff and everyone else.
【Shizuku】So, when I joined MORE MORE JUMP! after leaving Cheerful * Days and heard that we'd be focusing on doing livestreams...
【Shizuku】I realized that I wouldn't be able to keep up my act...
【Shizuku】I knew how clumsy and ungraceful the real me was, so I was worried about how those who've been longtime fans of mine would feel when they were faced with the truth...
【Shizuku】No, it went beyond that. I was afraid that they wouldn't be willing to accept me for who I really am.
【Airi】Shizuku...
【Shizuku】However, I chose to just be myself. Which...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Shizuku】Which made me realize how there are some things that only the real me had to offer. And I found that some were willing to accept me for who I really am...
[Sound] bgm00194
【Shizuku】So, even if I end up disappointing some of my old fans, I'm going to keep doing my best to spread hope to as many people as I can... As myself.
【Marina】That's so brave of you... Especially since playing the old you sort of would've helped maintain your fan base while keeping naysayers from poking fun at you.
【Shizuku】Yes, but...
【Shizuku】To my surprise, many were willing to accept me for who I really am.
【Shizuku】As nervous as I was about doing this, their warmth helped me move forward one step at a time...
【Shizuku】And now, like all those who are watching... I feel comfortable with me being this kind of idol.
【Shizuku】I finally understand now that it's okay for me to just be myself.
【Shizuku】And what I want to do for everyone hasn't changed at all.
【Shizuku】So, just like back then... I want to keep spreading and inspiring hope in as many people as possible.
【Arisa】...!
【Shizuku】I can't tell others who preferred the old me to suddenly have a change of heart.
【Shizuku】But I want them to know that the me who was in Cheerful * Days and the me who is currently in MORE MORE JUMP! are one and the same.
【Shizuku】For the longest time, I've been meaning to tell all my fans that my feelings about them haven't changed. And that's the absolute truth...
【Shizuku】So, Arisa, thank you for giving me the opportunity to finally talk about this.
【Shizuku】Also, I couldn't be more grateful that idol Hazard gave us this wonderful opportunity to speak...
【Shizuku】I still have a long way to go as an idol, but I'll be looking forward to your continued support...
[Sound] se00306
【Arisa】No, I just...
【Marina】That was so cool!!! It takes so much courage to just be yourself and tell the truth like that on TV!
【Marina】I'm officially one of your fans now, Shizuku! So, let's keep the questions coming!
【Arisa】Geez, Marina, you're so easy... Also, we just used up a lot of our time...
【Arisa】So, why don't we go in order one by one? And we'll stay on script this time!
[Sound] se_event_thread_2023_006
【Airi】(I wasn't sure what was gonna happen there, but she figured it out.)
【Airi】(I doubt Shizuku could've predicted that something like this would happen today...)
【Airi】(But you're way more amazing than any stupid character that your old agency made you play...)
【Airi】(You really are the best idol ever!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001901
[Caption] TV Station - Studio
【Shizuku】Nice work, everyone.
【Minori】Right back at you, Shizuku!
【Minori】I can't believe you were able to answer those questions with so much grace and dignity! The fact that they weren't in the script just reinforces my respect for you!
【Haruka】I feel the same way. They weren't exactly nice questions either. The way you kept your cool was really impressive.
【Airi】Yeah, Shizuku, you totally stole the show today!
【Airi】You were able to say exactly how you felt, so I'm sure your fans will appreciate what you did. I'm definitely looking forward to when it airs!
【Shizuku】I'm glad you're all saying that. I somehow managed to answer her questions, but...
【Shizuku】I was sooo nervous...
【Shizuku】I knew that I'd be asked about what happened when I was still in Cheerful * Days, but I wasn't expecting to be asked specifically about my persona.
【Shizuku】My heart raced the entire time, but this was also our very first time appearing on TV...
【Shizuku】So, I didn't want to give the wrong answer, but that only made me even more nervous...
【Airi】Y-You're awfully talkative today...
【Haruka】Hehe. I couldn't tell that you were so nervous. From my point of view, you seemed just fine.
【Minori】But the way you kept your cool showed me that I need to do more!
【Shizuku】Because I kept my cool...?
【Shizuku】I see. I'm glad to hear that...
【Airi】In any case, we managed to get through it in one piece. And I think it went pretty well considering it was our first TV appearance.
【Haruka】I agree. I'm looking forward to hearing what our fans think...
【???】Nice work back there.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Huh...?
[Sound] se00097
【Minori】W-Whoa! A-Arisa...?!
【Shizuku】Hello... Again, thank you for having us on today.
【Shizuku】Even though we're in different groups now, I had a lot of fun today...
【Arisa】Oh...? You call what just happened “fun”? Looks like someone finally grew up.
[Sound] bgm00173
【Airi】So, what are you doing here all by yourself? Are you here just to say bye to us?
【Airi】Or is there something you wanna say to Shizuku...? No, there's something you absolutely need to tell her.
【Haruka】(Airi...)
【Haruka】(Are you talking about the time she...?)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001301
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Arisa】Hmm...
【Arisa】No, there isn't.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】What?!
【Airi】You're kidding, right?! You said all those horrible things about Shizuku back then and you totally badgered her today! You don't feel sorry at all?!
【Shizuku】A-Airi...
【Arisa】I'll give you credit for not running away from those tough questions...
【Arisa】Also, don't forget that my goal all along was to make this show as entertaining as possible...
【Arisa】Remember what I said? I gave it everything I had. iHaz revolves around these sorts of interactions, so I was just doing my job.
【Airi】That's...
【Arisa】However, if I'm going to be honest, I may've sort of been looking forward to seeing Shizuku look like a lost puppy again.
【Haruka】You...
【Shizuku】It's okay, Haruka.
【Haruka】What...?
【Arisa】Wh-What is it...?
【Shizuku】I'm sorry...
[Sound] bgm00175
【Arisa】Huh...?
【Shizuku】Like I said during the shoot, I became overwhelmed with my own problems and wasn't able to help anyone else...
【Shizuku】I feel awful about that and need to apologize for it. Also, there's something else...
【Arisa】What? Now...?
【Shizuku】Yes, I know this may be too little too late...
【Shizuku】However, I realize now that I was given a wonderful opportunity, which I squandered, and made several thoughtless comments in the process.
【Arisa】...!
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001301
【Shizuku】I'm sorry. I really am. And you're all right. I... I should've asked the staff sooner if there was anything we could do about this.
【Shizuku】Being the lead also bothered me so much... I knew I wasn't the right person for the job when I was chosen...
【Shizuku】I wish someone else were chosen instead of...
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Shizuku】I was chosen to be the lead. I was selected for the position that everyone dreams of becoming...
【Shizuku】But I didn't fully appreciate the scope of what I'd become. I selfishly thought that I wasn't cut out for it and that others were much more suited...
【Shizuku】And I said out loud that I wished someone else were chosen instead... I realize now that I sullied my position by saying something so thoughtless.
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001301
【Arisa】Oh, just stop.
【Arisa】You always do this. You never think for yourself and just do as you're told.
【Arisa】You were given a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity that the rest of us would do anything for, but you don't seem to care whatsoever about capitalizing on it.
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Shizuku】So, Arisa, I now understand why you were so angry with me that time.
【Shizuku】I'm very sorry for what I did...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Arisa】So, you finally get it... Took you long enough.
【Shizuku】Yes, it did... I really was like a lost puppy back then...
【Shizuku】But now, I know not to run away from my responsibilities or ask others to safeguard me.
[Sound] bgm00039
【Shizuku】Of course, I still have a long way to go as an idol, and I still need to ask others for help from time to time like I did with Cheerful * Days.
【Shizuku】But...
【Shizuku】My fans... Those who prefer the old me, the current me or just me as I am... They mean the world to me...
【Shizuku】And when I hear their voices... For some reason, I feel less afraid of being far from perfect.
【Shizuku】Because I can now stand on stage with everyone here and just be myself.
【Minori】Shizuku...
【Shizuku】I wish I'd made these realizations sooner when I was still with Cheerful * Days...
【Shizuku】But the old me really didn't know what to do... She struggled so much that she couldn't fulfill her duties as the group's lead and ended up leaving... Like you said, I didn't “move on”...
【Shizuku】I caused you all so much trouble. So, I really need to tell everyone in Cheerful * Days that...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Arisa】What are you rambling on about? I was just here to say bye to all of you.
【Shizuku】Arisa...
【Arisa】I was convinced that you were all up a creek since you're trying to be idols without working with an agency, but it sounds like you're all having a lot of fun...
【Arisa】And you seem to have friends who understand you much better.
【Arisa】But don't get cocky just because your little solo show made a few headlines and led to your group being given a chance to appear on TV...
【Arisa】I'm looking forward to seeing how much you can all handle without the aid of others.
【Arisa】So, good luck...
[Sound] se00097
【Shizuku】Oh...
[Background Change] bg_s000163
[Sound] bgm00195
【Airi】Seriously, what's with her?! Not once did she say that she's sorry!
【Haruka】Yeah, she said that she was here just to say bye to us, but she really showed us her teeth there.
【Airi】So, she came here because she wanted to trash-talk us? Honestly, that girl...
【Shizuku】(Arisa's a very hard-working girl who doesn't go easy on others or herself...)
【Shizuku】(Which is why she hardly ever tells anyone “good luck” or “try harder” like she just did...)
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Shizuku】(Does that mean she's sort of acknowledging me as an idol...?)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Sound] bgm00115
[Caption] A few weeks later
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Minori】That episode of idol Hazard, a.k.a. iHaz, finally aired last night...
【Minori】And everybody's going nuts about us!
【Haruka】Yeah, they are. A lot of my classmates were also talking about it.
【Airi】We're getting a ton of emails and DMs too! They're all people saying how they saw us on TV and what they thought.
【Airi】They're almost all saying positive things about us. You in particular definitely seem to have a lot more fans now, Shizuku!
【Shizuku】I do?! That's wonderful!
【Minori】They must've been so moved by your story!
【Haruka】It also gave a lot of people an opportunity to learn about MORE MORE JUMP!
【Haruka】We were ultimately shown in a positive light. As worried as I was about this initially, I'm glad we accepted this offer.
【Shizuku】Me too...
【Airi】Which means our first appearance on TV as MORE MORE JUMP! was a resounding success!
【Airi】And since we're getting such a positive response, we might be asked to make another appearance.
【Airi】At the same time, this is only our first step. We can't lose sight of our goal... Let's keep doing everything we can to make our show at the Dome a reality!
【Minori】Yeah!
【Haruka】Let's do it!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】(When I was still in Cheerful * Days, I only said what was written in the scripts I was given...)
【Shizuku】(But now, I can use my own words to spread hope to our fans.)
[Sound] bgm00194
【Shizuku】(Which is strange because I wouldn't have been able to not too long ago...)
[Sound] se00053
【Minori】They must've been so moved by your story!
【Shizuku】(I'm not scared anymore. So...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Arisa】So, good luck...
[Background Change] bg_a000801
【Shizuku】(I'm going to be myself and spread as much hope as I can with this group.)
[Sound] bgm00000
