【KAITO — Idol / Manager?!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: KAITO
Card: Idol / Manager?!（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: MORE MORE Making Christmas
scenarioId: 026012_kaito02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【KAITO】Let's see. It should be around here somewhere... Aha, there you are, laser lights!
【KAITO】It can shoot red, green and blue lasers. Alright, this should be able to give everything a dance-party feel to it like MEIKO said.
【KAITO】Now to carry it over to the show stage.
[Sound] se00305
【???】————
【KAITO】Hm...? I thought I heard someone's voice coming from the practice area just now.
[Sound] se00097
【???】Move your arms faster and raise them higher! Good, just like that!
【???】Okay!
【KAITO】That voice...
【KAITO】I knew it. It's Haruka and Minori.
【KAITO】Hehe. They seem to be hard at work too. Alright...
【Minori】Whew... I-I'm so tired...
【Haruka】You did great, Minori. That last part went so well too. Try not to forget the way you raised your arms and timed everything just now.
【Minori】I won't! Thank you for helping me like this, Haruka.
【Minori】Also, I'm parched. Where'd I put my tea... Oh no.
【Haruka】Hm? Is something bothering you?
【Minori】We practiced so long that my tea became lukewarm. I was really hoping that it would stay cold...
【KAITO】It's not good for an idol to look so sad.
【Minori】*Gasp*!
【Haruka】KAITO!
【KAITO】Here, take one. I'm sure you're tired.
【Minori】Oh, you have drinks... They're cold too!
【KAITO】I'm hoping that I got them just right. I wouldn't want you to come down with something by cooling off too fast.
【Minori】Thank you so much, KAITO!
【Haruka】I think I'll take one as well.
【Minori】Ahh! That hits the spot!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Haruka】Thank you very much, KAITO.
【KAITO】You're welcome. If you'll excuse me, I have other business to attend to.
【Minori】Business?
【KAITO】Yes, I was just in the middle of carrying some lights over to the stage MEIKO will be using for her show.
【Haruka】I see. If that's the case, we're sorry for keeping you like this.
【KAITO】Oh, don't mind me. I just wanted to give you two a little boost since you were both so hard at work.
【Haruka】Oh...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【KAITO】Did you see the way Rin and Len turned just now?! Absolute perfection!
【KAITO】Thank goodness too... Those two have been working so hard on how they turn...
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Haruka】The first time I met you in SEKAI, KAITO, I could tell just how much you wanted to help those around you in a way that made them shine.
【Minori】Helping everyone shine...?
【Minori】Oh, that's right. You're not just an idol, but a manager too!
【KAITO】Yes, I am. I help with everything from managing everyone's schedules to stage effects and many other things behind the scenes.
【Minori】Whoa, that's so cool!
【Haruka】Hehe. Yes, you did mention how you liked being on stage and working behind the scenes.
【KAITO】Exactly. Being a manager and working behind the scenes gives me a better understanding of the practical side of things.
【Haruka】The practical side of things...?
【KAITO】Yes. For example, schedules. The others each have their own preferences and ways of doing things.
【KAITO】Take Rin. She likes having as much time as possible set aside to practice.
【KAITO】On the other hand, Miku and MEIKO prefer to schedule more time for rehearsals.
【Haruka】I see. Some prefer to focus more on their craft while others prefer to simulate a real show.
【KAITO】Yes, but at the same time, they don't necessarily do these things consciously. To them, these things are entirely feel-based or subconscious.
【KAITO】And putting together an actual schedule makes that very clear.
【KAITO】So whenever I do notice anything, I try to tell the others and work it into their respective schedules.
【Haruka】I see...
【Haruka】So you're saying that we stand to gain quite a lot in terms of skills or efficiency by shining a light on what we do subconsciously.
【KAITO】Precisely.
【KAITO】You can learn all about how a show functions from the other side, which in turn can make planning for a performance much simpler.
【Minori】That's right. We just did an event in real life the other day, I learned all sorts of things about lighting and stuff.
【KAITO】That's what I'm talking about! In my case, I'm doing this as sort of a hobby and for my own personal betterment.
【KAITO】Okay, “hobby” may be putting it too lightly.
【KAITO】Oh, MEIKO's rehearsal is about to start. I should get this over to her.
【Haruka】Right. Again, sorry for keeping you.
【Minori】But I'm glad we got a chance to talk to you, KAITO! Thank you so much!
【KAITO】Hehe. I had fun too. Also, don't stay out too late, you two.
【Minori & Haruka】We won't!
【KAITO】Alright, I'll see you later.
[Sound] bgm00000
