【Hatsune Miku — The SEKAI Dressing Room Is This Way♪〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: The SEKAI Dressing Room Is This Way♪（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Cast a Spell on You
scenarioId: 021022_miku01

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【KAITO】I'm glad Shizuku was back to smiling again.
【Miku】Me too♪ I have a feeling Shizuku's gonna come up with a really good design now.
【Rin】Yeah! I can't wait to see it.
【Miku】(We believe in you, Shizuku. We'll be rooting for you from SEKAI.)
[Caption] Dressing Room
【Miku】At the same time... I sort of can't believe how many outfits we have now.
【Miku】It just dawned on me while I was showing Shizuku around.
【Rin】Yeah, me too!
【KAITO】Hehe. That may be because I arrived here only recently and added my outfits to the pile.
【Rin】Oh, maybe. Hm?
【Rin】Miku, look! Isn't this what we wore during our first show together?
【Miku】It is! Hehe. Remember the dance we did? The one where we twirled around while holding each other's hands?
【Rin】Yeah, I do! We twirled around so much that we still couldn't see straight when we tried to start our second song.
【KAITO】Haha. That really happened?
【KAITO】Would you mind telling me more about some of the things that happened when you wore these outfits on stage?
【Miku】Of course. Next, we can...
【Miku】Oh, how about these? We usually wear them when we know we're going to do a duet or song for couples.
【KAITO】And it looks like it's designed to match your hair color, Miku.
【Rin】Mine's the same♪ Not only that, each outfit's color-coded in a special way♪
【Miku】Take a look at the cuffs and collar. Oh, the skirt too.
【KAITO】You're right. These certainly look like they've been made with duets and other romantic songs in mind.
【Miku】Oh, KAITO. Can we hear some stories about your outfits?
【Rin】Yeah, I wanna hear too!
【KAITO】You do? In that case... Oh, how about this one?
【Rin】Whoa! The wings on the shoulders look so fluffy! They're so stylish and cool!
【Miku】They are, but... I'm not sure I've ever seen you wear that.
【KAITO】Hehe. This is actually one of my more extravagant outfits in my wardrobe. I'll wear it when I feel the time is right.
【Rin】Really? Like for a special occasion?
【KAITO】Yes. Also, the wings and other decorations you see on it are very delicate.
【KAITO】Much more fragile compared to any of the other outfits I have, so it's in safe-keeping for now.
【Miku】Ah...
【Miku】Our shows usually involve us dancing and running around all over the stage.
【Miku】As a result, anything attached to our hips or shoulders ends up falling off more than the other parts.
【Rin】Yeah. I know exactly what you mean.
【Miku】Oh, that reminds me! I accidentally stepped on the hem of my dress this one time and caused some of the lace to tear.
【Miku】I really liked that dress because of how cute it was too. I had it mended so that I could wear it one last time, but I don't know where I put it...
【KAITO】Oh, that's like my outfit with a loose button.
【Rin】I remember getting one of my outfits all dirty after tripping while trying to exit the stage.
[Sound] se00055
【Rin】No, it's not this one... Huh? The sequins on the arm for this one are gone!
【Miku】Oh, you're right... It won't be stage ready until those are reattached.
【Rin】*Sob* I was thinking about wearing it for my next show...
【KAITO】You've both done so many shows already, so it's honestly no surprise that some of your outfits need mending.
【Miku】...
【Miku】But we'll both shine on stage again if it does get mended!
【KAITO】Yes. It should be doable as long as it's nothing major.
【Miku】I'd like to give it a try if you think it's possible!
【Miku】These outfits are a large part of why we're able to shine on stage as idols after all.
【KAITO】I agree.
【KAITO】Alright, why don't we also ask Luka and the others to join us for our little inventory check?
【KAITO】If I recall correctly, we're supposed to all meet sometime soon. I'll be sure to check your schedules later.
【Rin】That's KAITO for you! An idol and a manager!
【Miku】I really appreciate it, KAITO! For now, why don't we go let Luka and the others know?
【Rin】Sounds good♪
[Sound] bgm00000
