【MEIKO — Tell Me About Your Christmas♪〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: Tell Me About Your Christmas♪（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: On This Holy Night, I Sing
scenarioId: 025006_meiko02

[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【MEIKO】Alright. I think we're done tidying up.
【KAITO】Yes. And since we have no shows tomorrow, we can all take it easy for now... Hm?
[Sound] se00100
【Emu】MEIKO and KAITO! Hellooo!
【Tsukasa】Hey, Emu! Wait for us!
【MEIKO】Oh, it's you guys! Welcome!
【Tsukasa】We came by to let you know we've wrapped up our Christmas show and everything went as planned!
【MEIKO】That's great! Congratulations, guys!
【MEIKO】Hehe. You all have this look on your faces too. I'm guessing you did well in the contest?
【Tsukasa】We did! We have some work left to beat our rivals, but we plan on winning it all with our next show!
【MEIKO】Wow! That sounds really exciting!
【Emu】But do you know what's even more exciting♪
【MEIKO】Hmm... What could that be?
【Emu】Hehehe! Talking to you, MEIKO!
【Rui】We were so busy with the Christmas show, we only got to exchange greetings and never had a chance to actually talk to you.
【Nene】...
【MEIKO】Aww, you guys are sooo sweet! I was hoping we'd get a chance to talk too!
【KAITO】Well, your timing couldn't be better. We're done with shows for the day.
【MEIKO】Oh, that's right! In that case... How did you guys all spend Christmas?
【Tsukasa】Christmas Day...? I was with my family.
【Tsukasa】This year it was all of us together, including my sister, so it was more fun than usual!
【MEIKO】Oh, so you have a sister?
【Tsukasa】Yeah. She also got to spend Christmas Eve with her friends at a Christmas party like she's always wanted.
【Tsukasa】They exchanged presents and she has the ones she received decorating her room now.
【MEIKO】(Hehe, he's so happy for his sister! He must care about her quite a bit...!)
【MEIKO】And you, Nene?
【Nene】Huh, m-me? Um, I... I had cake with my family.
【Nene】After that, I stayed in my room to watch the stream for an online gaming tournament.
【Rui】I also spent Christmas cooped up in my room.
【Rui】The electronic components I asked Santa to bring me came right on time and I stayed up until morning assembling them.
【Tsukasa】Wait, what? Electronic components from Santa...?
【Nene】He just means he ordered them online, dummy.
【Rui】That's not untrue.
【KAITO】Haha. Christmas is just another day to you, isn't it, Rui?
【Emu】My turn! My turn! I had a cake party with the mascots!
【KAITO】With the mascots?
【Emu】The mascots that sometimes help with our shows at the Phoenix Wonderland's Wonder Stage!
【KAITO】In other words, you spent Christmas with friends!
【MEIKO】Hehe. Thanks for telling us! It's interesting how each of you enjoyed Christmas in a different way.
【MEIKO】And did Santa come and visit you all? Did you find gifts when you woke up?
【Nene】I used to find presents by my pillow when I was little, but my parents just give them to me directly now.
【Rui】It's the same for me.
【Tsukasa】Really? I always find them outside my door.
【MEIKO】To your room? That's interesting.
【Tsukasa】Apparently, I move a lot in my sleep, so they might get knocked over if they're left next to my pillow or something.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I see.
【Emu】My grandpa used to dress up as Santa to bring me presents!
【Emu】He's gone now...
【Emu】But I still get presents. The mascots bring me them in secret!
【Emu】They don't know that I figured out it's them, so please don't tell them! It's so much fun every year♪
【MEIKO】Aww, that's so nice of them.
【Emu】Hehehe, our mascots are the best☆
【Emu】Your turn, MEIKO! How did you spend Christmas?
【MEIKO】I was with all my friends here in SEKAI. The plushies joined us too and we decided to have a parade!
【KAITO】Haha, right! MEIKO came up with that idea and the plushies were suddenly all for it, so it turned into a big extravaganza.
【Emu】Wow, a parade! That's so awesome! I wish I could've been there!
【MEIKO】Maybe we'll do it again next year. If we do, you'll all be invited!
【Emu】YEEEAH! Did you hear that, Tsukasa?! Christmas with MEIKO! And we're gonna have a parade!!
【Tsukasa】I'm not deaf, Emu. Calm down! Isn't it too early to be planning for next year's Christmas? I mean, we just had...
【Rui】But that does pique my interest. SEKAI parades must be an extraordinary sight.
【Nene】I'd love to see one too. It must be so cute with all the plushies marching together.
【MEIKO】Hehe. Then I'll pencil in us in to celebrate Christmas together next year!
[Sound] bgm00000
