【Mixed Event — Yesteryear Read-Aloud — Episode1 Weekend Plans】

Event: Yesteryear Read-Aloud
Event Type: marathon
Episode: Episode1 — Weekend Plans
Event Outline: Honami volunteers to read a picture book at a neighborhood association event. To help keep the kids' attention, she asks Nene for training in voice acting.
scenarioId: event_158_01

[Background Change] bg_a002201
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard
【Honami】That was delicious.
【Saki】That was so good! Ahh, I'm stuffed!
【Ichika】Oh, what should we do about practice this weekend?
【Shiho】Yeah, we haven't set a meeting time yet, have we?
【Saki】We have the studio from two... So, why don't we meet up a bit early and have lunch together?
【Honami】Oh...
【Saki】Hona?
【Honami】Ah, I'm sorry. I might actually arrive late.
【Honami】My neighborhood association is getting together that day.
【Ichika】Your neighborhood association...? They put on seasonal events and stuff, right? Locally organized cherry blossom viewing parties immediately come to mind...
【Saki】Oh, they also put on hiking events and fun festivals! No fair! I wanna join!
【Honami】Haha... I won't be participating in an event this time around. I'll be representing my parents at an association meeting.
【Saki】What?! You're gonna be in a meeting?
【Shiho】Now that you mention it, this isn't the first time you've done this for them, is it...?
【Honami】I only do this on occasion. Usually during the periods when our shop is at its busiest.
【Saki】But you get to speak for your mom and dad! You're such a grown-up, Hona!
【Ichika】So, what are you going to discuss at this meeting?
【Honami】This time, we'll be discussing a picture-book reading.
【Saki】A picture-book reading...?!
【Saki】Hehe. I remember how you read me all those stories when we were little and I was still in the hospital, Hona...
【Saki】You always put such a big smile on my face.
【Honami】Hehe. I also had fun watching your eyes twinkle each time.
【Shiho】Does this mean you're gonna be the one telling stories, Honami?
【Honami】No, our veteran storyteller will be handling that. I'll probably be helping out behind the scenes.
【Ichika】You seem really excited about this, Honami...
【Honami】Huh? D-Do I?
【Saki】Yeah, the way you're smiling says it all!
【Honami】I actually attended one of these readings before when I was little...
【Honami】That was where I learned about this story I really love, and they're going to be telling it during this event.
【Ichika】Really?
【Saki】So that's why you're so excited♪
【Honami】Yes!
【Honami】(I'm looking forward to this event so much.)
【Honami】(I'll need to do everything I can in order to make it a great one.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] A few days later
[Caption] Community Center
【Association Chair】Thank you all for taking time out of your busy schedules to gather here today.
【Association Chair】About the reading event we'll be holding next month... We've run into a slight problem, and I'd like to discuss it with all of you today.
【Honami】Huh...?
【Honami】(A problem? What happened...?)
【Association Chair】Unfortunately, Endo, our designated storyteller, likely won't be able to join us for this event...
[Sound] bgm00038
【Association Chair】So, we'll need to make an emergency swap.
[Sound] se00034_b
【Association Chair】I'd like to begin by asking for volunteers. Would any of you care to be our storyteller?
【Honami】...
【Honami】(To be the storyteller...)
【Honami】(I did tell a few stories when I went to shadow over at that kindergarten, but this event is on a completely different scale...)
【Honami】(Still...)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a002201
【Honami】I actually attended one of these readings before when I was little...
【Honami】That was where I learned about this story I really love, and they're going to be telling it during this event.
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Sound] bgm00000
【Honami】E-Excuse me...!
【Honami】If it's alright, I'd like to volunteer!
[Sound] bgm00000
