【Aoyagi Toya — Amid Unchanging Warmth〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: Amid Unchanging Warmth（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Never Give Up Cooking!
scenarioId: 012023_touya02

[Background Change] bg_d001202
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
【Toya, Tsukasa & Saki】That was delicious! That was good.
【Tsukasa】Toya, thank you for the cupcakes! They were absolutely delicious!
【Toya】Thank you. I'm glad you enjoyed them so much.
【Saki】Hehe. We really gobbled those up. Right after having dinner too.
【Tsukasa】Yes. Not only were they delicious, they were wonderfully soft and fluffy!
【Saki】Yeah! Isn't it really hard to bake those kinds of cupcakes?
【Saki】Hona's a great cook, but even she said that she has to be really careful when mixing the batter in order to make sure they rise right!
【Tsukasa】Really? But she's so skilled... Even she has to be careful when it comes to that?
【Toya】Yes, there are a few tricks to mixing the batter properly.
【Toya】However, I didn't know about them during my first attempt. As a result, my cupcakes neither rose the way I'd hoped nor achieved the right texture...
【Toya】Because I don't have much experience cooking, I ran into quite a bit of trouble when just trying to make the meringue for the batter by myself...
【Tsukasa】You did...? And yet, you were able to produce these wonderfully delicious cupcakes...!
【Tsukasa】That means you must've worked very hard to bake them.
【Saki】Thank you so much, Toya!
【Toya】Again, I'm just glad that you're both enjoying them so much...
【Toya】I'm so happy they turned out well...
【Toya】Now I can proudly go and thank everyone who helped me bake these cupcakes.
【Toya】Oh, that reminds me. I asked Kamishiro to help me with these.
【Tsukasa】Hm? Rui?
【Toya】Yes. I asked him to taste them for me and he happily accepted.
【Toya】However, as I mentioned earlier... The ones I made initially were awful, and I ended up causing him quite a bit of trouble as a result...
【Tsukasa】Interesting. It's rare of him to help others with anything that doesn't involve shows or performances.
【Tsukasa】Which means he must've wanted to help you, Toya. So, I wouldn't worry too much about what happened.
【Tsukasa】Honestly, he's making me do all sorts of strange things on a daily basis. I think it's good for him to experience what that feels like for a change.
【Saki】Oh, Tsukasa...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a000701
【Rui】Why not try thinking about the happiest thing they ever did for you when you were little?
【Rui】Didn't they do their absolute best to put a smile on your face?
[Background Change] bg_d001202
【Toya】(Kamishiro made me realize something very important.)
【Toya】(Which means I need to tell him that Tsukasa and Saki both enjoyed what I made for them.)
【Saki】Oh, Toya, does that mean Rui also helped you bake those cupcakes?
【Toya】No, I had some other friends help me with that.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Background Change] bg_d001202
【Toya】Because my first cupcakes turned out so poorly, I was worried that I wouldn't be able to bake any the right way...
【Toya】But my friends were there to lend me a hand, and I was able to bake several different kinds as a result.
【Tsukasa】I see. Then, please thank them for us and tell them...
【Tsukasa】Thank you for putting a smile on your face!
【Toya】...!
【Saki】Yeah! I'm sure they're really nice too since you've been showering them with so much praise.
【Toya】Yes... They're all very wonderful people.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00171
【Toya】Okay, I think we've cleaned up everything.
【Tsukasa】Yes, things don't feel quite as festive anymore, but that was a fun party!
【Saki】Let's do this again sometime! Oh, we should totally invite all our parents!
【Tsukasa】Ah, excellent idea!
【Tsukasa】Then, why don't we take that opportunity to show our appreciation for them by putting together a big feast?
【Tsukasa】Oh, the three of us can cook together!
【Toya】Yes, we could...! I'd like that very much.
[Sound] bgm00000
