【Megurine Luka — Chalkboard Cherry Blossoms In Bloom〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Megurine Luka
Card: Chalkboard Cherry Blossoms In Bloom（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Connected Through SEKAI's Cherry Blossoms
scenarioId: 024017_luka02

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Luka】Alright, here's to completing our cherry blossom tree... Cheers!
【Ichika, Saki, Honami & Shiho】Cheers!
【Rin】Cheers!
【Len】Whoa, take it easy! You're gonna spill juice everywhere if you do that!
【MEIKO】Thanks for giving us a hand, KAITO!
【KAITO】*Nod* You're welcome...
【Ichika】I still can't believe how fun it is to look at these cherry blossoms. It's so clear that they're all drawn by different people.
【Shiho】Yeah. The ones KAITO drew look so real.
【Honami】Yes, they do. I was really impressed by the gradation he added while coloring everything in by using the white chalk.
【Luka】Me too. I was so surprised when I took a peek since I was drawing right next to him.
【KAITO】But I only ended up drawing a few...
【Len】I think Rin won in that department. She even started some without lifting her chalk.
【Rin】Hehe. Because that lets me draw them faster!
【Saki】I couldn't believe how fast you were. Just blam-blam-blam one after another!
【Saki】I tried copying you but couldn't get the hang of it. Some ended up looking more like amoebas.
【Miku】Oh, the ones that made Shiho say, “No, redraw them,” after erasing them.
【Ichika】Yeah, those were kind of...
【Saki】Hehe. I know...
【Luka】Alright, everyone, how about we really get our picnic going by breaking out the dango and rice cakes?
【Len】Wait, there's food?
【Luka】Hehe. It wouldn't be much of a picnic otherwise. I asked Honami and the girls to prepare some for us.
【Honami】And here they are. Tricolor dango and various kinds of rice cakes, including cherry blossom and sweet soybean flavors.
【MEIKO】Nice! This is turning out to be a wonderful picnic!
【Ichika】I'll start distributing the paper plates and chopsticks.
【Shiho】Huh? Where'd the napkins go?
【Saki】Oh, they should be in this bag. Lemme get them out...
【Rin】Wow, these look so yummy. Which should I eat first♪
【Len】Hmm... I'm not sure where to start either. Do you know what you want, KAITO?
【KAITO】I think I'll start with a cherry blossom rice cake...
【Len】Yeah, sounds like a safe bet! I'll do the same.
【Len】Honami, can you get two cherry blossom rice cakes for me and KAITO?
【Honami】Sure. Just give me one second.
【Miku】Looks like they're all having fun.
【Luka】Yes, I'm glad I asked the girls to prepare some food for us.
【Miku】That was definitely a good idea, but I was talking more about our cherry blossoms.
【Miku】We couldn't find any real cherry blossoms, but everyone's all smiles now thanks to you suggesting that we draw some.
【Miku】So thank you, Luka. I had a lot of fun doing that as well.
【Luka】Hehe. I'm glad to hear that.
【Luka】(To be fair, Miku, you essentially gave me that idea.)
【Luka】(I mean, all I did was draw the tree I saw in that strange and wondrous place.)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_f000904
[Background Change] bg_f000101
【Luka】(And I have a feeling that the tree I saw was still very young.)
【Luka】(But the girls' feelings on those branches... They were shining so brightly.)
【Luka】(As long as they remain that bright, I'm sure that tree will continue to “grow”.)
【Luka】(Hehe. I'd love to see what it looks like when it matures.)
【Miku】Luka, do you know what you want to eat?
【MEIKO】If you don't decide soon, Rin's going to eat all of them.
【Rin】What?! I wouldn't do that! Look, Luka! You still have a full assortment to choose from!
【Luka】Hehe. Thank you all very much.
【Luka】Let's see... I think I'll have some tricolor dango.
[Sound] bgm00000
