【Otori Emu — The Sparkle In Your Eyes〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: The Sparkle In Your Eyes（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: To The Gleaming Stars Halfway Through a Dream
scenarioId: 014022_emu02

[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Emu】Another sunny, sunny day♪ It's so won-won-wonderhooooooy♪
【Nene】Someone's in a good mood...
【Rui】Yes, she is.
【Tsukasa】Hm? What's this? Did something good happen to you?
【Emu】Hehe. I'm really excited about us doing a show with everyone from the Phoenix Stage!
[Sound] se00053
【Shosuke】We have some news to report... Or rather, a proposition.
【Shosuke】We'd like everyone from both the Wonder Stage and the Phoenix Stage to do a show together.
【Tsukasa】Although it came as a surprise, it certainly is an exciting proposition!
【Rui】I agree. We've been performing alongside them for our night shows, but those also involve quite a few other people who we asked to participate...
【Rui】A show put on by the Wonder Stage and the Phoenix Stage working in collaboration...
【Rui】Hehehe. I'm looking forward to seeing how it turns out.
【Nene】I'm looking forward to singing with Seiryuin and the others again. Plus, it should be a good learning experience.
【Tsukasa】Yes, considering she claims that the Phoenix Stage is the number one show stage in Phoenix Wonderland.
【Tsukasa】However, we may have the power right now to take that honor from them!
【Nene】Alright, calm down. This isn't like the show contest we had to do. We get to work together this time.
【Emu】Hehe. Let's do everything we can with Sakurako and her friends to put on the most ultra-wonderhoy show ever!
【Tsukasa, Nene & Rui】Yeah! Yes.
【Tsukasa】At the same time, Emu's brothers still haven't told us everything regarding this show.
【Rui】True. For now, we should focus on making sure our next regular show succeeds.
【Tsukasa】Right! We don't have much time left, so we need to make the most of today's practice!
【Emu, Nene & Rui】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000302
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
【Mascot】How did practice go today?
【Emu】It was sooo much fun!
【Emu】Oh, you gotta hear this! Tsukasa taught us some sword-fighting techniques that he learned during his workshop!
【Emu】After he did, we discussed how we could work that into our own shows because it's super cool, and Rui decided to add more action scenes!
【Mascot】I see. Then, it seems things are going to get more fun moving forward...
【Emu】Yeah! Also! Practicing those action scenes was amazingly fun!
【Emu】You should've seen the way Tsukasa went all zing and zow while wielding his sword!
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000201
【Tsukasa】How'd I do? Was I able to show that I am a proud and powerful hero?
【Rui】Yes, you've improved quite a lot! However, you still have some room to grow...
【Rui】Yes, he has what it takes to become the hero, but the sword he is about to pull also has the power to save the world.
【Rui】As such, I'd like for you to give it that sort of energy as well.
【Tsukasa】Grr! That is easier said than done!
【Tsukasa】But fine! I shall use my acting prowess to turn this wooden sword into a legendary blade!
[Background Change] bg_d000302
【Emu】What he was doing looked really difficult, but Tsukasa seemed super motivated!
【Emu】Seeing that even made Nene want to work more on her singing!
【Emu】So, I wanna do what I can too! Which is why I had Rui take a look at how I was making facial expressions and stuff♪
【Mascot】I'm sure you and your friends will have no problem putting on a spectacular show, Ms. Emu.
【Emu】I hope so too...!
【Emu】Especially since I promised those kids we met earlier that we'd put on a really fun show for them!
【Emu】Also, something crossed my mind during practice just now.
【Emu】About how it's really fun to spend time with everyone the way we do.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Mascot】...
【Emu】Every day feels like a show and it's super duper fun...
【Emu】And I found myself wishing that it could go on forever...
【Mascot】Ms. Emu...
【Emu】But I know that every show has to come to an end at some point.
【Emu】Even so...
【Emu】It doesn't matter as long as it has a happy ending where everyone's smiling! That's the best way for a show to succeed☆
[Sound] bgm00039
【Mascot】...!
【Emu】Hehe. So, I'm gonna cherish every minute I spend with them and do my absolute best for every show we do moving forward!
【Mascot】Yes, that sounds like a good plan...
【Mascot】(There is little that I can really do for you, Ms. Emu, but you have my support.)
[Sound] bgm00000
