【Tenma Tsukasa — Training With A Buddy!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: Training With A Buddy!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Get Fit & Fly! Muscle Training!
scenarioId: 013038_tsukasa01

[Background Change] bg_d001201
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
【Tsukasa】Huff! Huff! Huff!
[Sound] se00043_b
【Saki】Huh? He was here a second ago... Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Ah, I'm over here!
【Saki】Whoa, what the?! Why are you face down on the floor like that?
【Tsukasa】Can't you tell? I'm doing push-ups!
【Saki】Umm... Push-ups? For what?
【Saki】Wait a second! Did you actually sign up to compete in Shinobi Battle?!
【Tsukasa】Yes! As I mentioned, with Kiritani and Akito!
【Saki】I knew it! That explains why you've been training so hard!
【Saki】Good luck, Tsukasa!
【Saki】I promise to rush over so that I can cheer you guys on if I have time after my meeting!
【Tsukasa】Thanks, Saki! But it's a very important meeting for work, no? You should be focusing all your attention on that.
【Saki】I know! I am a pro now after all!
【Tsukasa】*Nod*
【Tsukasa】Oh, Saki, are you free right now? I'd like for you to add some extra weight by pressing down on my back a little.
【Saki】Sure, but how hard? I probably shouldn't sit on your back, right?
【Tsukasa】Right... Then, try pressing down using your hands.
【Saki】Okay! Umm... How's this?
[Sound] se00121_b
【Tsukasa】Ah, that's perfect! I'll get started now!
【Tsukasa】Hmph! Hmph! Hmph!
【Saki】Wow, you're so cool! You're doing great, Tsukasa!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Sound] bgm00171
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Class 3-C
【Rui】Interesting. Shinonome's one thing, but Haruka Kiritani? You managed to put together quite a team for this event.
【Tsukasa】Yes, and I can't thank her enough. I put her in a difficult position, knowing that she's an idol.
【Rui】So, have you already decided who is going to be doing what? I'm particularly interested in the water spider obstacle.
【Tsukasa】That's a part of the second stage, which we've assigned to Akito.
【Rui】Ah, Shinonome. He seems like the right choice, with his core strength and sense of balance.
【Rui】Still, it's interesting how they decided to go with such an old-fashioned interpretation of the “water spider” device.
【Tsukasa】Hm? Old-fashioned? Didn't ninjas use those special shoes to walk across the water, just like the obstacle?
【Rui】Ah, so you haven't heard that one theory.
【Tsukasa】Theory...?
【Rui】The common interpretation is that ninjas used “water spider” floats to move just like water striders, yes.
【Rui】But one theory suggests that they didn't attach the floats to their feet at all. Interesting, no?
【Tsukasa】What?! Where did they put the floats, if not on their feet?
【Rui】On their bodies. Either by wearing something like an inner tube, or by sitting on a plank of wood in the center.
【Tsukasa】Slow down. Doesn't that mean submerging half your body?!
【Rui】Yes, the theory I read spoke of propelling yourself using your feet, while only your upper body remained above the surface.
【Tsukasa】Th-That's quite a revelation... I honestly had no idea...
【Rui】Originally, people claimed that it would've been physically impossible for the traditional water spider to provide enough buoyancy to cross the water while standing.
【Rui】If anything, it only makes sense someone arrived on a more practical conclusion.
【Rui】However, it isn't wrong to believe that they also used these floats on their feet.
【Rui】For example, when crossing a swamp, they could have been used to disperse your weight in order to keep your feet from sinking.
【Rui】I have a feeling that they were used in different ways depending on the situation.
【Tsukasa】Y-Yes, I see...
【Tsukasa】I wasn't expecting to hear a theory that completely overturned my understanding of this subject! Again, I honestly had no idea!
【Rui】Yes, there was a brief period when this theory was on everyone's minds, but it faded into the annals of history not long after, without much impact at all.
【Rui】Perhaps it didn't find much purchase because, like you just said, Tsukasa... people didn't want their understanding of water spiders, or rather, their beliefs regarding ninjas to be shattered.
【Tsukasa】What do you mean?
【Rui】To keep that dream alive.
【Rui】A ninja running across the water like a real water spider is much cooler than the theory, no?
【Tsukasa】Yes, true...
【Tsukasa】It may be physically impossible, but it's easy to think that perhaps ninjas could have still managed it.
【Rui】Also, Miku and the others have been working very hard to become ninjas after you told them that you'd be competing in Shinobi Battle.
【Rui】I'll actually be taking over some things that will allow them to experience being water spiders.
【Tsukasa】What?! Like the ones they had back then?!
【Rui】Oh, not exactly. Mine are going to be simple imitations that use modern materials.
【Tsukasa】Still, that's incredible! When will they be done?
【Rui】I have to order quite a lot of things, so even if I did put a rush on them, I probably won't finish making them until after Shinobi Battle.
【Rui】Which is a shame, since your team could've used them to practice...
【Tsukasa】Not a problem. Our training will more than make up for that!
【Tsukasa】But I'd like to try what you make once you're done with them!
【Rui】Yes, of course.
[Sound] bgm00000
