【Momoi Airi — Together With Our Fans!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Together With Our Fans!（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: MORE MORE Making Christmas
scenarioId: 007013_airi02

[Background Change] bg_a000402
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Classroom
【Airi】Okay, let's do a debrief for our event from the other day!
【Airi】Have you all come up with things that you need to work on moving forward?
【Minori & Shizuku】Yes!
【Haruka】I'm sure we'll overlap on a few things, so why don't we start with a quick rundown of what we have?
【Airi】Sure, let's hear it. What do you feel needs improving from here on out?
【Minori】Oh, we all said that scrambling to get things set up wasn't good.
【Airi】Yeah, why don't we start there?
【Shizuku】I suppose we should think about what caused that all to happen, no?
【Haruka】Yes, I agree.
【Airi】Well, that seems pretty obvious.
【Airi】We had a plan in terms of what to set up in which order, but didn't actually have a good idea of what the venue would be like.
【Airi】That caused our staff to hesitate and even panic a little, so we need to make sure that doesn't happen again.
【Haruka】Also, the walkways in the hall were much narrower than we expected. We lost quite a bit of time having to move equipment through it as a one-way path.
【Shizuku】Yes, we may've been able to prevent that if we had a chance to see the hall beforehand...
【Minori】But it was booked solid until our event, so we couldn't...
【Airi】We got to book this place because of a last-minute cancelation, so we sort of didn't have a choice but to do things on the fly.
【Airi】So moving forward, we'll need to see how wide or accessible the entrances, exits, walkways, breezeways and all that stuff at the venues we book are.
【Haruka】Sounds good.
【Haruka】Okay, next we have... Not having a different leader present to answer questions when Saito is either busy or absent.
【Airi】(We have so much to go over...)
【Airi】(But...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b002002
【Fans】That was really fun! Seeing MORE MORE JUMP! live was so cool!
[Sound] bgm00039
【Fans】I know, right? To be fair, I was pretty scared about what would happen after they started recruiting fans to work as staff... But everything went great!
【Fans】Yeah, I really want to see them again! Maybe I'll join on as staff next time!
[Background Change] bg_a000402
【Airi】(They were all smiling at the end.)
【Airi】(A lot did happen, but we pulled together and succeeded. We need to take this experience and make sure our next event goes even better.)
【Airi】(Besides, it wasn't all gloom and doom!)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Okay, that's everything we need to work on...
【Shizuku】Hehe. So let's talk about what we did well!
【Minori】Yeah! A lot happened, but it ended up being a big success!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Airi】Hey, we're supposed to be talking specifics here.
【Airi】For example, it was pretty miraculous how none of our instructions ended up conflicting with each other...?
【Minori】Conflicting instructions?
【Airi】I'm talking about how some of the equipment could've been taken to different places depending on who said what, like the stage as opposed to the back lot.
【Haruka】I think that has to do with how we exchanged information during our meeting prior to then.
【Airi】Exactly. I think we did a really good job planning out each step of the process and where we need to be careful.
【Shizuku】I was impressed by that as well. That meeting we had really helped illustrate what we needed to do.
【Minori】Yeah, I thought so too!
【Airi】Hehe.
【Airi】See what I mean? There's something else I think we achieved as well. Something pretty big.
【Shizuku】Oh? What could that be?
【Airi】We learned how to interact with the fans who decided to become our staff.
【Haruka】Oh...
【Airi】I'm not saying that we found the answer or anything like that, but I feel like we have a much better idea of what to do now.
【Airi】On a personal level, I think we found a place of understanding and really learned to trust each other.
【Haruka】Trust...
【Airi】Yeah. We're not friends or anything and they're sort of our employees, but we didn't have to be all that formal with one another.
【Airi】We found a way to understand that we're after the same thing and that this event can only succeed if we work together.
【Airi】If having mutual respect for each other means that they don't care how hard we have to work because they believe we'll dazzle them at the end, I want us to go after it.
【Minori】Whoa! That'd be amazing!
【Airi】But that also means we'll have to work even harder than before to actually achieve that!
【Haruka】Airi's right. If we can develop that sort of relationship with them, they might just be able to keep seeing us as idols.
【Shizuku】Yes, so we'll just have to keep doing everything we can to foster that wonderful bond!
【Airi】Yeah, let's keep doing our best, together!
[Sound] bgm00000
