【Hinomori Shizuku — Enamored Of Flower Stitches〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hinomori Shizuku
Card: Enamored Of Flower Stitches（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Warmth in Every Stitch
scenarioId: 008042_shizuku01

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Vacant Classroom
【Shizuku】Okay, are you watching?
【Shizuku】After you've made your petal, you pull your needle and thread all the way through the back...
【Shizuku】And then, you tie the top part down by making a little hoop. This is called a “lazy daisy stitch”.
【Haruka】Oh, that's really cute. It looks like a little droplet.
【Shizuku】By repeating this process, you can make a whole flower. You can even use this to make leaves.
【Shizuku】The key is to sew slowly and gently so that your petal keeps its shape.
【Mafuyu】Okay, I'll give it a try.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】(Asahina and Haruka seem so focused.)
[Sound] bgm00180
【Shizuku】(I'm glad that they're both enjoying embroidery this much.)
【Shizuku】(Still...)
【Shizuku】(I can faintly hear somebody playing the trumpet...)
【Shizuku】(Practicing during lunch like this means they must be very committed...)
【Shizuku】(I can hear laughter from outside too...)
【Shizuku】(It sounds like a fun conversation. They must be having lunch together...)
【Shizuku】(Somehow, time seems to be flowing at such a gentle pace...)
【Haruka】Having fun?
【Shizuku】Huh...?
【Haruka】You seem to be really enjoying yourself, is all.
【Shizuku】This moment in time just feels so idyllic.
【Shizuku】Everybody seems to be enjoying their lunch break the way they like, and I'm getting to share my hobby with my friends.
【Shizuku】As a student of this school, I feel incredibly privileged to enjoy such a lovely day.
【Haruka】As a student of this school...
【Shizuku】Yes. I know what I'm saying isn't all that profound, but somehow, it hit me so deeply just now.
【Haruka】I think I know what you mean.
【Haruka】We haven't been able to relax much, since we're constantly practicing our singing and dancing, as well as coming up with stream ideas. Being an idol means a lot of busy hours.
【Haruka】So it's important to cherish these peaceful, quiet moments.
【Mafuyu】My experience of it might be a little different from yours, but I do think it's important to have some time to switch off, as it were.
【Mafuyu】It's easy to overwhelm yourself if you get a little too focused on studying.
【Shizuku】You've felt the same way, Asahina? I didn't know we shared that.
【Mafuyu】Hehe. It happens to me all the time. Sometimes I feel like not a single thing more will fit inside my head.
【Mafuyu】But when that happens, I take a break and think slowly back on what I've learned.
【Mafuyu】By doing so, I give myself a chance to process that information and begin comprehending it.
【Haruka】Yes, it is important to know your own limits.
【Haruka】Whenever I have trouble learning a new dance, I take a step back from practicing and try to sort out my thoughts.
【Shizuku】That reminds me of how you make stew...
【Mafuyu】Stew?
【Shizuku】Yes, because you need to let it rest to bring out the flavor. Right?
【Mafuyu】I see... You have a point there.
【Shizuku】See? There really is nothing better than a daikon slice that's soaked with flavor.
【Haruka】Wait, I thought we were talking about the importance of knowing when to take a break.
【Mafuyu】Hehe. Our conversation's gone in a much more appetizing direction.
【Haruka】I feel like having some stew now. Some sweet and spicy lotus roots and konjac jelly would really hit the spot.
【Shizuku】Yes, both of those do very well as part of a stew.
【Haruka】Yeah, I like them a lot because they're healthy and full of fiber.
【Shizuku】What's your favorite kind of stew, Asahina?
【Mafuyu】Me? Well, I do enjoy a good chikuzenni...
【Mafuyu】I like the crunchiness of the bamboo shoots and the softness of the taro roots.
【Shizuku】Yes, I also love chikuzenni!
【Shizuku】(Hehe. Chatting while embroidering with my friends like this is so much fun...)
【Shizuku】Oh, speaking of stew, Airi taught me this wonderful recipe for braised pork that just melts in your mouth...
[Sound] bgm00000
