【Azusawa Kohane — The Biggest Bite I Can Muster〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: The Biggest Bite I Can Muster（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Time to Take Off!
scenarioId: 009040_kohane02

[Background Change] bg_c002901
[Caption] A street near the New York Academy of Music
【Kohane】“Thank you very much for telling us about that burger shop!”
【Student A】“You're welcome! Anyway, if you'll excuse me!”
[Sound] se_walk_men_001_1
【Akito】We're checking out that record shop next, right?
【Toya】Yes, we're supposed to go straight for a while and take a left.
【An】Okay! Then, let's take this opportunity to walk off our meal!
【Kohane】Yeah!
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_4
【Kohane】The hamburgers at that shop were so yummy.
【Akito】Yeah, I had a feeling it'd be good, since he said that it's popular with the students.
【An】And the atmosphere was so great. It felt like the epitome of an all-American diner!
【Toya】I've never been to any place like that, so it was a new experience for me.
【Kohane】Hehe. Me too.
【Kohane】And the staff were all really nice. They saw that we weren't used to conversing in English, so they made sure to speak slowly.
【Akito】Yeah, it was really easy to understand what they were saying.
【Toya】Not all the students are native English speakers, so they must know their customer base.
【Akito】I was wondering why we were able to hold a smooth conversation. I guess they're used to talking to people who don't exactly speak perfect English...
【An】Yeah.
【Kohane】Then, we didn't make any mistakes with our orders after all?
【An】Wait, what do you mean?
【Kohane】Oh, it's just...
【Kohane】The hamburgers they brought over were much bigger than I was expecting. I was worried that we asked for the wrong size.
【An】Yeah, I couldn't believe it either!
【An】We ordered their standard size, and out came these burgers that were as big as our faces!
【Toya】Yes, I immediately began to understand where the term “American size” in Japan originates.
【Akito】Seriously, those things were huge.
【Akito】I mean, the patties were like three times the size of what you'd normally get in Japan.
【Kohane】Right. I did my best, but the patty on mine just seemed to dominate each bite I took.
【Kohane】It was just too hard for me to fit in the buns and vegetables at the same time...
【Toya】That's perfectly understandable, Azusawa. Even I had trouble getting everything into one bite.
【An】Me too. But you got pretty close to the middle, Akito.
【Akito】Barely. But I doubt people are meant to just based on their sheer size.
【An】Which would explain why you had so much trouble, Kohane, since you like to take smaller nibbles.
【An】But that was also why you looked so cute!
【Kohane】C-Cute?
【An】Yeah! First, it was so adorable how you picked up your burger and did everything you could to keep it from falling apart!
【An】Then, this puzzled look came over you when you couldn't figure out where to start. That was also really cute.
【An】But the best part was when you made your decision and went in for a big bite!
【Kohane】Wait, An, you were watching me the entire time?!
【An】Well, duh! How could I not watch?! Seeing you try to figure it out was so cute!
【Kohane】I-It was...?
【Kohane】Still... I was so focused that I didn't notice at all.
【Akito】But this does make for a good story. There's nothing more American than a burger, right?
【Toya】Yes, I'm looking forward to telling my classmates, Miku and the others all about this.
【Toya】No, wait. We'll want to take over some actual hamburgers to SEKAI instead of just stories.
【Kohane】Oh, good point! We could definitely manage that!
【An】Yeah! They've all shown a lot of interest in American cuisine, so I'm sure they'd love to have some!
【Akito】Then, before we head back to campus, let's pick up some more burgers at the same shop.
【Toya】Okay.
【Kohane】Hehe. They're going to be so surprised by how big they are.
【An】Yeah, I can't wait to see their faces!
[Sound] bgm00000
