【Hoshino Ichika — Brand New Style〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hoshino Ichika
Card: Brand New Style（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 001027_ichika02

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-A
【Ichika】Morning, you two.
【Honami】Oh, Ichika, good morning.
【Ichika】You two are here early. What were you talking about just now?
【Kohane】We were just talking about the committees since the teacher said we'd be choosing which to join during our next homeroom.
【Ichika】Oh, that did come up... I'd completely forgotten...
【Kohane】Do you know which committee you want to be on, Ichika?
【Ichika】No, I hadn't given it any thought.
【Ichika】I was a class representative last year, so I might want to try something different this year...
【Ichika】Also, I sort of don't remember what all the other committees are.
【Honami】Well... There's the health committee, library committee...
【Honami】Plus, the planning committees for the School Festival and the Sports Festival.
【Kohane】Yeah. What else is there...? The broadcasting committee...
【Ichika】The broadcasting committee...?
【Ichika】I'm not sure what they actually do, but that committee's in charge of playing music during lunch, right?
【Honami】I think so.
【Honami】I always look forward to hearing what songs they choose to play since they pull from such a wide range of genres.
【Ichika】Me too... But how do they actually choose? Do they just play songs that the teachers recommend or something?
【Kohane】Oh, one of my friends was on that committee and she said one time that they get to choose which songs to play.
【Honami】They do...?
【Kohane】Yeah, the teachers have to check over their choices in the end, but...
【Kohane】Most songs seem okay as long as they don't cause any problems for the school.
【Ichika】I see...
【Honami】Which means you get to recommend the songs you like to everyone in school by playing them over the speakers...
【Honami】That sounds like fun.
【Ichika】Yeah...
【Ichika】(I'd get to play the music I like...)
【Ichika】(But which songs? Miku ones...?)
【Ichika】(There's a whole list of those that I'd want to recommend to everyone...)
【Honami】Are you thinking about playing Miku songs throughout the school, Ichika...?
【Ichika】Huh?! I, uhh...
【Kohane】Is that true? All the songs you recommend are really good, so the broadcasting committee might be a perfect fit for you.
【Ichika】Y-Yeah, I am a little interested in joining...
【Ichika】But they don't just play music over the speakers. They're also the ones who work as announcers during the Sports Festival, right?
【Honami】Oh, that reminds me. They also do things like mock radio programs during lunch sometimes.
【Ichika】R-Right...
【Ichika】Just playing songs would be fine, but I'm less sure about having everyone in school hear me talk. That makes me a little nervous...
【Kohane】Huh? It does? But you do a great job of talking to the audience during your shows.
【Ichika】That's something I finally figured out how to do recently. I was so nervous the first time...
【Honami】Isn't that all the more reason to join the committee...?
【Ichika】What?
【Kohane】Yeah! You figured out what to do during your shows, so I'm sure you'll do great as a member of the broadcasting committee!
【Kohane】But you don't have to join if you really don't want to, Ichika. Nobody's forcing you...
【Kohane】Still, if you are interested, I think you should give it a try.
【Ichika】Both of you...
【Ichika】(It would be fun to play Miku songs over the speakers... And I really want more people to know about them. This could be worth it...)
【Ichika】(Yes, I'm nervous about my voice being heard...)
【Ichika】(But we'll be making our professional debut soon. I shouldn't be afraid of speaking in public.)
【Ichika】(It might even help me talk to the audience better during our shows...!)
【Ichika】Okay.
【Ichika】You're both right. I'll try joining.
【Kohane】We know you'll do great!
【Honami】Good luck, Ichika!
[Sound] bgm00000
