【Kiritani Haruka — Happy Birthday!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Happy Birthday!（BD）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 006012_haruka02

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C
[Sound] se00046
【Kohane】Excuse me... Oh!
【Haruka】Azusawa, hello. Thank you for coming to get me.
【Kohane】No, I should be thanking you since I was the one who asked first...
【Haruka】But is there something you wanted to talk to me about?
【Kohane】Hehe. There's actually someone I'd like you to meet. Would you mind following me to the school gate?
【Haruka】Someone you'd like me to meet?
[Background Change] bg_a002201
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Main Gate
[Sound] se00049
【Haruka】An! So this is who you were talking about.
【An】Yup! I mean, it is your birthday today, Haruka!
【An】So happy birthday!
【Haruka】*Gasp* Hehe. Thanks, An.
【Haruka】The last time must have been... Elementary school?
【An】Yeah. You ended up going to Miya Girls for junior high and were way too busy while you were in ASRUN, so we haven't had a chance since then, huh...?
【Haruka】No, we really haven't...
【An】But we're gonna celebrate like normal from now on as best friends! Of course, presents included!
【Haruka】An...
【Haruka】Hehe. Since you're willing to go that far, I'll be expecting something good.
【An】Promise not to be too surprised?
【An】Here you go! A special pass for Weekend Garage! I know the great Haruka Kiritani's always super busy, so stop by if you ever want some time to relax♪
【Haruka】Oh, thank you! Incidentally, the others in my group have been asking me to take proper breaks.
【An】Haha. I get what they mean. You pretty much always maintain your idol persona so...
【Haruka】Even though I don't actually mean to...
【An】Haha. You'll see Kohane and me there too, so just think of it as going over to a friend's house!
【Haruka】Right, thanks. I really appreciate it.
【Haruka】Oh, also, Azusawa said that she didn't want to intrude and is waiting by the entrance right now...
【An】She didn't have to... But I'll be sure to thank her later.
【An】Oh, that reminds me! That girl in your group, Minori! She's really good friends with Kohane, right?
【Haruka】They seem to be. Minori mentioned before that she's the first friend she ever made in high school.
【Haruka】Oh, apparently, they've even gone to PXL together already.
【An】I know, right?! I couldn't believe it when I heard that! I mean, it's so unfair! Kohane's my partner...!
【Haruka】Hey, I owe Minori a lot too.
【Haruka & An】Hehe. Haha.
【An】But it's so interesting how our friends ended up becoming friends with each other.
【Haruka】It really is. We should all do something together sometime.
【An】Oh, that sounds fun! But hands off Kohane!
[Sound] se00005
【An】Oh, whoa! Time to go! I'm gonna be late for practice!
【An】Kohane!
[Sound] se00100
【Kohane】Are you sure you don't want to talk more, An?
【An】We talked plenty! And thanks for being so thoughtful, Kohane!
【Haruka】I need to thank you as well, Azusawa. I really appreciate what you did for us.
【Kohane】Huh?! But I didn't do anything...
【Haruka】That's not true. It's been so long since An and I were able to talk like this, so thank you very much.
【Kohane】You're welcome...!
【Haruka】And thank you for visiting me at school like this, An. It was really fun talking to you.
【An】You're welcome!
【An】Anyway, I'll see you later! Don't forget to stop by my place when you can!
【Haruka】Right, I promise to go!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Sound] bgm_area00002
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【MEIKO】Oh, that must be her!
【Rin】Haruka!
【Haruka】Does this mean you're all here to watch our fan meeting?
【Luka】Yes, that's right♪ We're here to celebrate with you.
【Haruka】Thank you so much. We have some fun ideas planned, so I hope you enjoy them.
【Len】Really?! I can't wait to see what you have in store for us!
【MEIKO】You're so professional. Despite being today's star, you're still prioritizing how much the audience enjoys things.
【Luka】Hehe. That's because she's an idol.
[Sound] se00100
【Minori】Oh! Hi, everyone! Hi, Haruka!
【Luka】Hello, Minori. Did you finish what you needed to do?
【Haruka】Huh? You had something to do, Minori? And what's with all these bags...?
【Minori】Oh, um... Th-This was absolutely necessary...
【Minori】A-Anyway, try not to mind these!
【Len】Minori, the design on those bags... They look like...
【Minori】Nooo! She'll see her present...!
[Sound] se00187
【Haruka】(Those bags are from that Penguin Cafe we all went to the other day...)
【Haruka】(Hehe. I probably shouldn't say anything for now.)
【Haruka】I'm sure Airi and the others are busy preparing, Minori, so I'll help out too.
【Minori】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000010
[Sound] bgm00097
【Minori】“We will now be presenting the wonderful birthday greetings that Haruka has received! Take it away!”
【Ichika】“Kiritani, thank you for letting me and my friends talk to you about our band. You've been a great role model in terms of us becoming professional musicians.”
【Saki】“Haruka! Did you hear about the new stuff they put on the menu at the Penguin Cafe?! We should definitely go check it out together sometime♪”
【Shiho】“Thank you for always keeping an eye on my sister. I'd also like it if we could chat more about Phenny sometime...”
【Emu】“Haruka, it was so much fun being on the Sports Festival committee with you☆ I hope we get to work together on it again and make everything even more fun♪”
【Kohane】“I can tell by the way Minori talks about you that you're really a wonderful person, and I'm so happy that we've become friends. I hope we'll have more chances to talk.”
【An】“Your special pass won't ever expire, but make sure to stop by, alright? I'll be waiting! Also, there's a little stage inside so we should sing together sometime!”
【Airi】“Haruka, you've been so reliable and such a huge help! Along with Minori and Shizuku, let's make MORE MORE JUMP! really something special!”
【Shizuku】“Haruka, we weren't able to visit that cafe with the low-sugar desserts, but I promise to find it again and I hope you'll join me when I do!”
【Minori】“Happy haaappy birthday, Haruka! You being brought into this world was the greatest thing that's ever happened to me!”
【Minori】“So is standing alongside you as an idol! I still can't believe it and I'm still really new to this, but I'm really looking forward to doing more with you!”
[Background Change] bg_b001002
【Haruka】Thank you for joining me in celebrating my birthday today.
【Haruka】I can't express how happy I am to return to the stage as an idol and sing for all of my fans.
【Haruka】And I want to spread as much hope as I can, as Haruka Kiritani from MORE MORE JUMP!
【Haruka】Promise to cheer us on?
【Haruka】I'll do everything I can... No, if I say that, I'll make Shizuku and the others worry about me again...
【Haruka】I promise to do my best while taking proper breaks from time to time and make this year count.
【Haruka】And we'll be looking forward to all of your support moving forward!
[Sound] bgm00000
