【Tenma Saki — Rainy Distance〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: Rainy Distance（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: First Star After the Rain
scenarioId: 002005_saki02

[Background Change] bg_a002201
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard
【Saki】That was a nice meal!
【Ichika】Oh, we still have some time before lunch break is over. What should we do?
【Shiho】It's too short for us to go over to SEKAI for some practice.
【Saki】In that case, let's think about where we should go for our next outing!
【Honami】Good idea. We have just enough time to do that.
【Ichika】Ah, what about the astronomical observatory?
【Saki】That event won't be held again for some time...
【Saki】But we already had our play-planetarium session in SEKAI, so let's save it for another day!
【Honami】So, somewhere other than an astronomical observatory?
【Shiho】By the way, Saki, is there anywhere you want to go?
【Saki】I'll be honest... The aquarium!
【Ichika】Ah, the place Kiritani was telling us about?
【Saki】Yup! Apparently, the penguin petting corner is only a limited time event!
【Shiho】Huh, penguins... That does sound interesting.
【Saki】Totally, right? All of you should share with us the places you're keen to visit too!
【Honami】In that case, it's a little far, but I was hoping we could go to the shopping tower together too.
【Saki】Oh! That huge place that's at least three times bigger than the usual shopping malls?!
【Honami】Yes. They hold events like band performances and idol live shows there during holidays too.
【Saki】Sounds great! There's sure to be enough things for us to see and do for an entire day in such a big place!
【Shiho】If we're going to be out for an entire day...wouldn't it be better to go to Phoenix Wonderland instead?
【Saki】Hehe. You're such a huge fan of Phoenix Wonderland, Shiho♪
【Honami】Oh, is it because there are new Pheeny mascots being released?
【Shiho】What makes you say that? I'm only mentioning it because Tsukasa said something about performing there when we were at Saki's place.
【Ichika】Hehe. Well, let's leave it as that, then.
【Saki】Mhm... Everything sounds good. I wanna visit them all!
【Ichika】Then, why don't we do just that?
【Ichika】Not in a single day, of course, but it should be completely doable if we go on an outing once every month.
【Shiho】Well, that's a reasonable pace that won't affect our practice or part-time jobs, I guess.
【Honami】Going on an outing once every month means we'll be able to cover all those places mentioned just now in three months.
【Saki】Three months... That's pretty long, but I'm sure time will pass by really quickly if I keep thinking about how I can go out with everyone soon!
【Ichika】That's right. Whether it's a place that you want to visit or we want to visit, we'll go to them all.
【Honami】Yes. If we prepare well and draw up a good schedule, we should be able to do everything we want to.
【Shiho】I'll go along with that. We're childhood friends, after all.
【Saki】Ichi, Hona, Shiho!
【Saki】I'm so lucky to have such wonderful childhood friends with me!
【Ichika】What? Are you okay?
【Shiho】Flattering us won't get you anything, you know.
【Saki】Come on, that's not what I was after!
【Saki】Ichi, Hona, and Shiho.
【Saki】Let's stay together forever and ever!
【Saki】(From now on, I'll keep treasuring every single day that I get to be together with them.)
[Sound] bgm00000
