【Shinonome Akito — It's About The Journey〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Shinonome Akito
Card: It's About The Journey（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Happy New Year! Lion Dance Robot's New Year's Show!
scenarioId: 011023_akito02

[Background Change] bg_a005301
[Caption] Ski Resort
【An】*Sigh* We had a full day on the slopes and even had a snowball fight! I couldn't be more satisfied!
【Toya】Yes. Skiing was challenging, but very fun and rewarding.
【Toya】Again, Akito, Shiraishi, thank you for teaching us. You too for practicing with me, Azusawa.
【Akito】There's no need to thank us.
【Kohane】Yeah. Any slope other than the bunny slopes would have been too challenging for me, so I'm glad you were there to ski with me.
【Toya】I see...
【Akito】Still, talk about a busy couple of days...
【Akito】We got up early, stopped by a bunch of rest areas, got here, hit the slopes, put on a performance and hit the slopes again...
【Toya】And we got to be a part of the show Tsukasa and his troupe put on.
【Kohane】Yeah. I sort of couldn't believe it when I saw that they were performing here!
[Sound] se00053
【???】“What a wonderfully snowy village!”
【Toya】Hm? That voice... But there's no reason for him to be...
【Akito】No... Based on my experience, he appears when you least expect it...
[Sound] se00407
【Akito】I knew it...
【Akito】I still don't understand how they can be everywhere at once.
【An】Haha! You really do run into them a lot, huh?
【Toya】Seeing their show at the beginning of the new year was very invigorating.
【Kohane】Yeah, it was! On top of that, we also smiled and laughed so much! I have a really good feeling about this coming year!
【An】Same. Talk about a “cool” way to start off the year! You know, because we're at a snowy ski resort?
【Kohane】Hehe. Nice one, An!
【An】Thanks!
【Akito】Alright, you two...
【Akito】...
【Akito】Still, I agree. This does seem like the start of a good year. I mean, you don't get many chances to perform in the great outdoors like this.
【Akito】Also, it's closed during winter, but there's apparently a hiking trail.
【Toya】Yes, I saw a sign for it at the lodge. The leaves are supposed to be beautiful during the fall.
【An】Yeah! There were some pictures of the leaves during fall on display at the entrance.
【Kohane】I saw those too. They were so pretty that I ended up asking who took them.
【Akito】Not where they were taken?
【Kohane】Hehe...
【Toya】I saw that photo as well and found myself wanting to see the real thing...
【An】Me too! That trail does sound like fun!
【Akito】Then, let's hope they invite us back around that time.
【An】Hehe. I might just ask the owner now!
【An】Our show went really well, so I've got a really good feeling!
【Toya】If we do get another opportunity, it could be nice to visit some more rest areas.
【Kohane】Oh, I'd like to try that foot bath again since it felt so nice.
【An】Totally! It felt so good that I almost fell asleep!
【Akito】You didn't almost fall asleep. You were pretty much asleep the whole time there.
【Akito】And if we're gonna do this again, I wanna check out that shop with the “ultimate” melon buns.
【Toya】Yes, you seemed very interested in trying them.
【An】Oh, the ones with ice cream sandwiched between them? I wanna go too! They looked so good!
【Akito】I've had something similar at a different place, but it really was something else.
【An】Wait, you've had something like it before? And you wanna try it again?
【Akito】Hey, each shop makes it differently.
【Kohane】Hehe. We have so much to look forward to.
【Toya】Yes. If we do get to go on another trip, let's try to have just as much fun as we did this time.
【Akito】Yeah, sounds good.
[Sound] bgm00000
