【Otori Emu — The Smiles I Want to Protect〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: The Smiles I Want to Protect（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Mermaid Admiration
scenarioId: 014012_emu01

[Background Change] bg_d001303
[Caption] Otori Household - Living Room
【Emu】Bath time♪ Bath time♪ Bubbly, bubbly... Hm?
【Emu】Oh, it's Keisuke and Shosuke! Welcome home!
【Keisuke】We're home.
【Shosuke】We're back.
【Emu】How was work? Hehe...
【Shosuke】Same old... Hm? Why are you grinning like that?
【Emu】Hehe. I dunno. But I feel really happy♪
【Shosuke】Good for you? I suppose this is par for the course when it comes to you.
【Shosuke】No matter... More importantly, when is your troupe next scheduled to all meet?
【Emu】You mean Tsukasa, Nene and Rui? We'll be practicing all week, so anytime during the evening should be okay!
【Emu】Wait, does that mean you'll come and see our show?!
【Shosuke】What are you talking about? We have some business to discuss with all of you.
【Emu】Huh? Business?
【Keisuke】Yes, we need to brief you and your troupe on your first assignment as ambassadors. We have much to discuss.
【Emu】Our first assignment?! Yay! They're gonna be so happy when they hear this♪
【Shosuke】W-Well, we still have to hammer out the details...
【Shosuke】*Sigh*... Can't we just have the site manager do this...?
【Keisuke】No, Phoenix Wonderland depends on this, so it's imperative that we're involved in this process.
【Keisuke】We also owe it to Emu and her friends for reminding us about what truly matters most.
【Keisuke】And it's our turn to prove it to them.
【Shosuke】Right...
【Shosuke】Anyway, we'll be by later to give your troupe a fuller explanation.
【Emu】Yay! Thanks, guys!
[Sound] se00051
【Shosuke】Guh! What did I say about tackling me?!
【Emu】Sorry! So where's our first stop gonna be?
【Shosuke】Hey, I said we'll stop by once we hammer out the details.
【Emu】Okay, but how about a hint? Just an incy-wincy one♪
【Keisuke】I don't see why not, Shosuke. There's honestly nothing to hide.
【Keisuke】We can dive into the details later, but it looks like you'll be performing on a stage by the sea that's right on the beach...
【Emu】The beach...?! Yay!! That's great!!
【Shosuke】Okay, just keep it down... Also, didn't you just come back from the Seaside School?
【Emu】Yeah, but I didn't get to go with Tsukasa, Nene and Rui♪
【Emu】I've been wanting to go to the beach with all of them too♪
【Keisuke】Yes, we suspected as much...
【Emu】Huh? You guys knew already?
【Keisuke】No, your mascot friend told us.
【Emu】You mean Mr. Mascot?
【Keisuke】Yes. Soon after that, Shosuke found a suitable location that happened to be right on the beach...
【Shosuke】K-Keisuke! You're making it sound like I chose this venue just for her!
【Shosuke】For your information, that isn't the case whatsoever.
【Shosuke】It happened to be the most optimal location from a business standpoint in terms of location and potential for promoting the park.
【Shosuke】Otherwise, we wouldn't be sending you there.
【Emu】Whatever you say...!
【Shosuke】Why are you grinning? If you're still not convinced, you can see the data for yourself...
【Emu】Hehe. It's not that, Shosuke♪
【Emu】I'm just really really happy that we get to work together on something together!
【Emu】So let's do the best we can, Shosuke, Keisuke☆
【Keisuke】Yes, that's the plan.
【Shosuke】Okay, okay, we get it. Go take your bath already.
【Emu】Okay♪
【Emu】The sea♪ The sand♪ Everybody at the beach♪
【Shosuke】Great, she's skipping now.
【Keisuke】...
【Keisuke】It's been a while since this house has had such a lively atmosphere.
【Shosuke】I think I preferred it more when things were quiet.
【Keisuke】But it's nice to see Emu smiling like this again...
【Keisuke】We may've been guilty of robbing her of that all this time.
【Shosuke】...
【Keisuke】Now, we need to protect that smile.
【Keisuke】Not just our family either. We need to make sure everybody who comes to visit Phoenix Wonderland also goes home smiling.
【Shosuke】Right...
[Sound] bgm00000
