【Kamishiro Rui — Operation: Meet Santa!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Operation: Meet Santa!（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Special Present for You!
scenarioId: 016040_rui02

[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
[Sound] se_walk_men_001_1
【Rui】While I wait for the others to arrive, I should work on some ideas for our next show...
【Emu's Voice】Hi, Ruiiiii!
【Rui】Emu? Azusawa?
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_1
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_2
【Kohane】Hello, Kamishiro.
【Rui】Yes, hello. I wasn't expecting to see you here today, Azusawa.
【Emu】Hehe. We bumped into each other along the way♪ She said she's meeting Akito and the others here!
【Rui】What a coincidence. We're meeting here before heading off to take lessons at the Morinomiya Music Academy.
【Kohane】Yes, Emu told me all about that!
【Kohane】It's so amazing how you guys get to take lessons at THE Morinomiya Music Academy.
【Rui】We never would've received the opportunity if it weren't for Emu's brothers.
【Emu】Hehe.
【Emu】Oh, that reminds me! Can you show Rui the stuff from earlier, Kohane?☆
【Kohane】Sure, just give me one second. Let's see... My phone should be...
[Sound] se00055_b
【Rui】What are you two talking about...?
【Kohane】Hehe. These.
【Rui】These are... Photos of our Christmas show?
【Emu】Yup! And she did such an amazing job of taking them! Everything looks so pretty and sparkly!
【Rui】Yes, the snow and lanterns on the slope are very mystifying.
【Rui】You even got the blur just right. It's hard to believe that you took this using your phone...
【Kohane】I have a bit of a talent for this kind of stuff!
【Kohane】But these aren't the only ones I wanted you to see. Would you mind also taking a look at this photo...?
[Sound] se00183_b
【Rui】It's...
【Rui】Shiraishi, Shinonome and Aoyagi all smiling...
【Kohane】Yes!
【Kohane】When I turned to An and the others to say how amazing the show was, they all had these beautiful expressions on their faces!
【Kohane】Hehe. I couldn't help but take a photo.
【Kohane】There's also this one...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Emu】After the show, she took a picture with everyone who volunteered to help out!
【Emu】I think their smiles ended up even brighter and shinier than the lanterns they made!
[Sound] bgm00039
【Rui】Yes...
【Rui】(I made sure to keep a close eye on how the audience reacted throughout the show...)
【Rui】(But seeing them all smiling like this does fill me with a sense of relief.)
【Rui】Thank you, Azusawa... The photos you took are wonderful.
【Rui】They've given me the encouragement I need to get through our grueling lessons at Morinomiya.
【Kohane】No, I had a lot of fun as well! I really enjoyed the show, met some new people and got to make a lantern for it.
【Kohane】This is definitely a Christmas I'm never going to forget!
【Rui】Hehe. I don't think we could've asked for a better review.
【Emu】Nope☆
【Rui】It's like each show we do reminds us of the importance of working together, valuing your friends and reaching an understanding with those around you.
【Emu】Phoenix Wonderland's night show is a perfect example of that!
【Kohane】I think I sort of understand what you're trying to say, Kamishiro.
【Kohane】You can only see and experience certain things with the help of your teammates and everyone else who is supporting you.
【Rui】It seems that the rabbit holes for shows and singing both go very deep...
【Kohane】Yes, they do.
【Kohane】I plan on working as hard as I can so that An, the others and I get to keep experiencing amazing things!
【Rui】We also plan to keep improving and learning as much as we can instead of resting on our laurels.
【Emu】Yup☆ So, let's keep doing our best to make lots and lots of people smile!
[Sound] bgm00000
