【Otori Emu — Happy Birthday! 2024〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: Happy Birthday! 2024（BD）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 014028_emu02

[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Emu's birthday
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Miku】Okay everyone, here we go☆
【Miku, Rin & Len】Emu, happy birthday♪
【Luka, MEIKO & KAITO】Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
【Tsukasa, Nene & Rui】Happy birthday!
[Sound] se00009_b
[Sound] se00022_b
【Emu】Yaaay! Thanks everyone☆
【Rin】Let's have lots and lots of fun today, Emu♪
【Emu】Yeah!
【Rui】Now, without further ado, I have a challenge I'd like all of you to take on.
【Rui】And that is... A treasure hunt!
【Emu】A t-treasure hunt?!
【Tsukasa】That's right! There are jigsaw puzzle pieces hidden all over SEKAI right now.
【Nene】The plushies were the ones who hid them, so we have no idea where they are.
【KAITO】Now that I think about it, we left everything in Rui's hands, so we don't actually know how many puzzle pieces there are, or even what the final picture will be...
【Rui】Hehe. With regards to the final picture, I'd like you all to enjoy the anticipation as we put the puzzle together.
【Rui】However, I will tell you how many pieces are there. It is a total of...three hundred pieces!
【Tsukasa】Three...
【Tsukasa, Emu & Nene】Three hundred?!
【Miku】Wow! There's that much treasure to hunt for?!
【Rui】Yes. I thought it would be much more enjoyable to have lots to search for.
【Tsukasa】I can understand that, but still, three hundred jigsaw pieces?!
【Nene】I think searching for the pieces alone is going to take up a lot of time. Will we even be able to finish the puzzle today?
【Rui】Hehehe. Well that will solely depend on how hard we all work♪
【Tsukasa】Hey, don't brush it off as if this is going to be a walk in the park.
【Rui】Even with that being said, I think we'll do just fine. I limited it to a small portion of SEKAI and had the pieces placed in flashy-looking pouches so that they'd be easier to find.
【Rui】You're also welcome to ask the plushies for some hints.
【KAITO】Thank goodness. In that case, we might be able to do this by the end of today.
【Luka】Hehe. Then let's go find those puzz... Zzz... In my...dreams... Zzz...
【MEIKO】Ah! Luka?! The pieces aren't hidden in your dreams!
【Emu】Hehehe! Let's go find those pieces☆
【Miku, Rin & Len】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00089
【Miku】Oh... There's another one! Yay! I found ten puzzle pieces so far♪
【Rin】Wow, that's amazing, Miku! We need to step up our game♪
【Emu】Rui, Tsukasa! You can do it!
【Rui】Can you...reach it, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】J-Just a little more to the right... Too far! A little more to the left!
【Nene】How were they even able to get that piece up there? To think that we'd need to ride on each other's shoulders to get it...
【Emu】One of the plushies has a balloon attached to them, so maybe they did it?
【Tsukasa】Hey, Emu, Nene. I'm going to drop this piece down!
【Nene】Okay, we'll pick it up. Once you're done with that one, could you get the piece above that speaker over there?
【Tsukasa】What?! There's another one?!
【Rui】Huff huff... I don't think I can do this any longer. Tsukasa, can we swap for the next one?
【Tsukasa】Hm? Alright... Let's give it a try.
【Emu】Luka, MEIKO, Len! We got some more puzzle pieces!
【Luka】Oh my, you found so many. How much does this make in total, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Let's see... That's a total of 105 pieces!
【Rui】Looks like our hunt will continue for a little longer.
【Luka】Emu, would you like to join us in putting the puzzle together? I think these pieces will make up this section that looks like a fountain.
【Emu】Fountain?
【Emu】Oh! I know this! This piece goes here, and this one over here... And this one goes here!
【Len】Whoa, amazing! You connected them in a blink of an eye!
【MEIKO】Hold on... Do you know what picture this makes up, Emu?
【Emu】Hehehe, I have an idea! Alright, so this piece goes over here...!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] A few hours later
【Tsukasa】Oh! This is...!
【Nene】I had a feeling when we were about halfway done. But it really is Phoenix Wonderland.
【KAITO】Phoenix Wonderland at night, huh... It reminds me of the night show.
【Miku】We worked so hard for it too, didn't we?☆
【MEIKO】But we're missing the pieces that make up the Phenny on top of the fountain.
【Tsukasa】Yes... I suppose we're missing three pieces.
【Rui】We found all of the pieces that were hidden in SEKAI, so...
【Rui】Emu. Have you received anything from anybody?
【Emu】Huh? I received a lot of gifts yesterday, but...
【Emu】Oh, I know! I found an envelope that said I should open it if I'm in a pinch!
[Sound] se00055_b
【Emu】Ah, there's a birthday card and...three puzzle pieces!
【Tsukasa】Excellent. Put those in and the puzzle is complete!
【Nene】By the way, what's written on the card?
【Emu】“We will be having a party for you tonight, so don't come home too late. From K.S.H., Mom and Dad”♪
【Emu】(My family organized all of this just for me... Hehehe, that makes me so happy!)
【Miku】Let's complete the puzzle, Emu♪
【MEIKO】Yes! And let's also dig into the cake and snacks to our hearts' content!
【Emu】Yeah☆
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000226
[Sound] bgm00097
【Saki】Happy birthday, Emu! Thank you for sending us photos of the cookie Wonder Stage♪
【Shiho】I know we were the ones who planned it, but it was still surprising to actually see the Wonder Stage made out of cookies.
【Ichika】Yeah. We couldn't have been able to do it without our PXL expert Kohane's help.
【Kohane】But all of you guys were really amazing too for following the templates perfectly to make the cookies!
【Saki】Hehehe. Well, that was because we had the ever-benevolent Hona there with us♪
【Honami】Hehe. It was pretty difficult, but it was really fun baking cookies with everyone.
【Honami】Emu, thank you for always being cheerful and making us smile. I hope our gift gave you even just a little bit of joy.
【Honami】I hope you have an amazing birthday!
【Minori】Happy birthday, Emu! I'm glad that you liked our gift!
【Airi】Hehe. I heard that she took lots of photos of the cookie Wonder Stage and showed it around to the PXL cast members too.
【Shizuku】Yes. I received a message from Tsukasa saying, “Thank you for doing that for Emu.”
【Haruka】Hehe. I'm so glad that she liked it more than we expected.
【Airi】Same here!
【Airi】Emu. I hope you continue to make lots more wonderful shows with your troupe! As an idol and your school senior, I'll be cheering you on♪
【Mafuyu】Happy birthday, Otori. It'll be a little belated, but I'd like to tell you this again in person the next time I see you at school.
【Kanade】I heard it was your birthday, Otori. Happy birthday. You'll be celebrating with Kusanagi and the others today, right? I hope you have lots of fun.
【Mizuki】Alright then, once again... Happy birthday, Emu♪ Have you been having lots of fun? Thanks for already coloring in those coloring sheets!
【Ena】You colored all of them so well too. The details you added to the flowers and animals made them so lively. I could really see you in the way you colored them.
【Mizuki】You said it! I hope you continue to keep doing your best with a smile on your face! We're rooting for you!
【Nene】Happy birthday, Emu. The treasure hunt was kinda tough, but it was fun.
【Rui】Hehe. From searching for the pieces to completing the puzzle... I think all of it was worth the effort in the end, no?
【Tsukasa】Yes. I was a little apprehensive when I heard there were three hundred pieces, but once we figured out the final picture, it was worth it.
【Tsukasa】But above all, I'm glad that Emu spent the day with a smile on her face!
【Rui】Emu. As your fellow troupe member, I look forward to the next step on our journey.
【Nene】No matter what happens, if we're together, it'll work out. Let's do our best, Emu.
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【Emu】So many people wished me a happy birthday and celebrated with me♪
【Emu】From the cookie Wonder Stage to the coloring sheets and the Phoenix Wonderland jigsaw puzzle, all of the gifts made me so happy!
【Emu】That reminds me! I've gotta show Shosuke, Keisuke and Sis that I finished the puzzle.
【Emu】Oh yeah, and maybe I'll change the decorations on the cookie Wonder Stage with them♪
【Emu】Hehehe. There's so many things I wanna do that I can't stand still!
【Emu】Alright, time to dash home♪
【Emu】Here I go! Won-won-wonderhoy dash!
[Sound] se00049_b
[Sound] bgm00000
