【Kamishiro Rui — Carefree Prodigy〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Carefree Prodigy（1★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 016001_rui01

[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Class 2-B
[Sound] se00005
【Rui】(Hm... I may not be able to do all the lighting effects I want with the number of illuminations on Wonder Stage...)
【Rui】(The lighting effects that can be done on an outdoor stage like that are quite limited to begin with. And I have to try to match them to Tsukasa's image as well...)
【Classmate A】(Kamishiro never takes notes in class. He's usually doodling or writing some kind of formula instead...)
【Rui】(I know. We just have to figure out the optimal amount of light needed according to the weather that day. I'll get Tsukasa to help me with the calculations later...)
【Classmate A】(Whoa. He just broke into a smile over nothing. He's as crazy as the rumors say...)
[Background Change] bg_a000501
【Rui】Let's see... Is Tsukasa in his classroom?
[Sound] se00046
【Tsukasa】Oh, Rui! Just the person I was looking for! I need to talk to you about something.
【Rui】So do I, but let's hear what you have to say first. Go ahead.
【Tsukasa】Hehehe... Look at this! It's a flyer publicizing our show!
【Rui】Wow, when did you come up with that?
【Tsukasa】A future star must always look ahead! What do you think? Not bad for something hand drawn, eh?
【Rui】Yes, it's quite well done, actually. You're surprisingly good at this.
【Tsukasa】Why is it surprising?
【Tsukasa】Anyway, I need you to help me fold them all.
【Rui】Yes, that would make them easier to distribute. But since you're asking for help, there must be quite a lot of flyers to fold, then?
【Tsukasa】Yes. That whole stack over there. Right there!
【Rui】Right... That's a lot of flyers. There must be hundreds.
【Tsukasa】Come on, this should be quick and easy with two of us!
【Rui】No thanks.
【Tsukasa】Huh?
【Rui】I refuse to do something so inefficient. We can't finish folding so many flyers before school ends. This is just going to be a giant waste of time.
【Tsukasa】Wh-What are you saying?! These flyers will help to publicize our show! And you're calling them a waste of time?
【Rui】Well, let me finish. The thing is, we don't have to do it ourselves, right?
【Tsukasa】What do you mean?
【Rui】Exactly what I just said. Well then, I'll see you again at the next break time, Tsukasa!
【Rui】(We can talk about what I want later.)
【Tsukasa】???
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Sound] se00005
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A
[Sound] se00046
【Rui】Hey, thanks for waiting. Here's what you need.
【Tsukasa】Oh, Rui! Wait, what's that little printer-like device for?
【Rui】A flyer folding machine I made from the robots I had on hand and equipment borrowed from the school's garbage pile.
【Rui】Put the machine on the desk and secure this arm to the desk edge. The arm will serve as the tray for folded flyers.
【Tsukasa】Uh huh...
【Rui】It uses the robot's battery so you don't have to plug it in. Then, feed the flyer into the insertion part and...
【Tsukasa】Whoa! The paper got sucked inside! Wow... And it came back out folded in half!
【Tsukasa】The folded paper landed perfectly inside the arm! No need to worry about them scattering everywhere like that!
【Rui】Exactly. Basically, all you have to do is feed the paper into the machine. Easy, right?
【Tsukasa】Yes. Indeed!
【Rui】Hehe, it's just a simplified version of the folding machines available on the market, but the functionality is there. Only for folding flyers, though.
【Tsukasa】Not bad at all, Rui! You made this during class just now?
【Rui】That's right. And I finished it sooner than expected, so I input a paper airplane folding function into the robot's AI as well.
【Tsukasa】O-Okay. Not sure what that means, but it sounds awesome!
【Rui】Hehehe. Keep the machine going throughout your classes and the flyers should be all folded by the time school's over.
【Tsukasa】Got it! Thanks, Rui!
【Rui】No, thank you for providing a place for the machine!
【Tsukasa】Huh? You're welcome?
【Rui】Hehehe...
【Tsukasa】He usually gives me a hard time because of his strange ideas, but he can be quite helpful when needed, huh?
【Tsukasa】Now, I just have to feed the flyers into the machine and...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Hm? Wait a minute. Did he just say I needed to keep the machine going throughout my classes?
【Tsukasa】He wants me to keep folding the flyers at my seat?!
[Sound] bgm00015
【Tsukasa】Ah! That's what he meant by providing a place... C-Curses!
[Background Change] bg_a000501
【Tsukasa】Rui! You little... I can't take my classes like this!
【Rui】Hehehe...
[Sound] bgm00000
