【Hatsune Miku — Wonder☆Christmas〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: Wonder☆Christmas（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: On This Holy Night, I Sing
scenarioId: 021011_miku01

[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Miku】It's almost Christmas♪ What's our show gonna be like?
【Miku】Oh, how about one with lots of Santas! Having lots of presents would be so much fun☆
【Miku】And what else... Oh? It's the plushies.
【Plushie A】Did you hear? KAITO's planning a Christmas show!
【Plushie B】What, really? What's it going to be like?
【Miku】(Yay! It seems everyone's looking forward to Christmas!)
【Plushie B】Apparently this thing called snow is supposed to fall during Christmas too.
【Plushie B】It's white, fluffy and falls from the sky! It even disappears when you touch it!
【Plushie A】That's so strange, but it must be pretty! I'd like to see it!
【Plushie B】And, and, there's something called a sleigh that you can ride on and fly around the sky!
【Plushie A】Wow! Will that be in the show too?
【Miku】(Snow and a flying sleigh... Hehehe. These are some good ideas!)
【Miku】(Hmm, I wonder if the plushies know about Santa too? And the reindeer? He's the one that rides the sleigh while delivering everyone's presents after all...)
【KAITO's Voice】Miku! Come over and let's start talking about our next show!
【Miku】Sure♪ I'll be right there!
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【KAITO】First, does anyone already have any ideas for what they'd like to have in our Christmas show?
【Miku】Yes! Me! Me! Me! I want to have snow falling on the stage!
【KAITO】Snow on the stage...?
【Miku】And reindeer too! With a sleigh that flies around the sky♪
【Len】Wow, reindeer and a flying sleigh?! That all of that sounds really fun!
【KAITO】Yes, those are some great ideas. And of course, it wouldn't be Christmas without Santa.
【KAITO】Now let's think about how we can make it all happen.
【Miku】Yeah! We can do it! I know it!
【Len】Haha, you're burning with motivation!
【Miku】(The plushies will love it!)
【Miku】One more thing! Let's invite the Wonderlands troupe♪ They might be able to give us some exciting ideas for our show too!
【Len】Yeah! Let's do it together with them!
【Miku】Okay! I'll go over to Phoenix Wonderland to see Emu and the others!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Miku】Sob... I'm back...
[Sound] bgm00018
【KAITO】Are you okay, Miku?
【Len】What's wrong? Were you able to talk to them?
【Miku】No, I did but... They're all busy preparing for their own show.
【Miku】Nene looked so sad too and said she wasn't interested in joining our show.
【Len】So they won't perform with us?
【Miku】No, I'm not giving up just yet...!
【Miku】I don't know what's eating away at Nene, but...
【Miku】Tsukasa seemed determined to help her! And I'm sure he will!
【KAITO】I see. In that case we can invite them again later.
【KAITO】(We'd still need someone to help with our show, though... But I know who else I might be able to recruit as actors.)
【KAITO】Worst case scenario, we can at least invite them to watch our play.
【Len】Yeah! And the plushies have to see the show too! They'll get so excited about the snow and the flying sleigh!
【Miku】Yup! Um, wait a minute... How did you know about the plushies?
【KAITO】We were talking about the show while you went over to Phoenix Wonderland.
【KAITO】It was easy to guess why you suggested snow and the sleigh since the plushies were talking about them too.
【Miku】Hehehe, was it that obvious?
【KAITO】We're going to have our hands full preparing this show. Let's all do our best!
【Miku】Okay! Let's make it the best Christmas show ever and bring Christmas cheer to everyone♪
【Len】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
