【Tenma Saki — Profile Story】

Character: Tenma Saki
scenarioId: self_saki_2nd

[Background Change] bg_a001901
[Caption] Rehearsal Studio
【Saki】That was great, Ichi! Next, it's my turn!
【Saki】It's great to meet you♪ I'm Saki Tenma, the keyboardist and sometimes songwriter for Leo/need!
【Saki】I work really hard to write songs and put on performances that move people, so I hope you get a chance to listen to our stuff!
【Saki】Now, for my self-intro...!
【Saki】Ta-daa! I'm gonna talk a little about songwriting!
【Saki】I began writing songs because I wanted to do more for our band...
【Saki】But it was a lot harder than I first expected. I had so much trouble coming up with anything good...
【Saki】After thinking it through a whole lot, I made a discovery! I realize now just how important it is to put everything you have into a song.
【Saki】Which is why I made my first song for the people I really love! Everyone in Leo/need!
【Saki】It's meant to tell the people who listen to it that things are gonna be okay and encourage them to try again.
【Saki】I felt so happy when I finished it because Ichi and the others were also really happy about it...
【Saki】But after that... I learned the hard way how those kinds of songs don't work for everyone.
【Saki】So, I made my next one about empathy and understanding what someone might be going through...
【Saki】In order to write it, I dug really deep into my past to rediscover all the sad or tough things I experienced...
【Saki】By the time I'd finished writing it, I had something completely different from the songs I'd made before.
【Saki】And it really hit home with the crowd!
【Saki】That's why I'm gonna keep taking really hard looks at myself when I write songs moving forward. I don't care how tough or painful it might be.
【Saki】I wanna be there for everyone listening.
【Saki】I wanna keep doing my best with the others from Leo/need, the people I really love!
【Saki】...is about what I have to say. Did I do a good job?
【Saki】Hehe. I totally did, right? I've grown a ton since then, you know?!
[Sound] bgm00000
