【MEIKO — Spring Menu Tasting〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: Spring Menu Tasting（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Connected Through SEKAI's Cherry Blossoms
scenarioId: 025017_meiko02

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【MEIKO】Alright, here you are. A cherry blossom smoothie and a cherry blossom latte.
[Sound] se00059
【Kohane】Thank you very much, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】And here's your guys' order, Akito. Cherry blossom pancakes, cherry blossom cookies and my house blend.
[Sound] se00314
【Akito】Perfect. Thank you.
【Miku】Luka and KAITO are asking for seconds, MEIKO.
【Luka】Also, I'd love to try some of those pancakes!
【MEIKO】Sure thing. Just give me a minute.
【Rin】Looks like your cherry blossom stuff's a big hit, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】Yes, it's nice to see that.
【MEIKO】(This was what I was hoping to see. Their smiles.)
【MEIKO】How do you feel after seeing everyone smile like this, Rin?
【Rin】Hehe. Waaay too good! Now I kinda see why you're so hooked on this feeling, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】Oh, that reminds me. There's something I've been meaning to ask all of you.
【An】Huh? Ask us, MEIKO?
【Toya】Did you come up with more new menu items?
【MEIKO】No, it's not that. I'm wondering how you all feel about this cafe's interior.
【MEIKO】We went through the trouble of coming up with cherry blossom-themed menu items, so I thought it'd be nice to make the cafe feel more springlike.
【Len】More springlike...?
【Miku】What if you put some cherry blossoms or other spring flowers on display?
【Luka】That sounds lovely! You could make the whole cafe bloom!
【Luka】I know! How about raining flower petals?
【Toya】I just happen to know someone with a device that can make that happen...
【Akito】Hold up. Raining flower petals sounds like a bit much, don't you think?
【MEIKO】I agree... I wouldn't want any to fall into people's food or drinks...
【Luka】Aww, even if they're edible?
【MEIKO】I may consider it if you're willing to help me clean everything up afterwards, Luka.
【Luka】Guh... I wasn't thinking that far ahead.
【MEIKO】Oh you...
【Kohane】Um, what if you used cups, saucers and placemats with flower petal designs? Wouldn't that be nice and cute?
【An】Yeah, you could brighten up the place just by having matching tableware and stuff.
【MEIKO】Oh, that does sound nice. There are these cups and placemats that I've been meaning to use too.
【KAITO】I'd like to come up with some background music that makes it feel like spring's arrived.
【KAITO】Mind if I try creating a mix for your cafe, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Yes, be my guest. If anything, I should be the one asking you to do this.
【KAITO】Ah, wonderful. I promise to do my best.
【Miku】This is great, MEIKO. Everyone's coming up with so many ideas.
【MEIKO】It really is! Why don't we set aside a day to remodel this place together?
【Rin & Len】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] Remodeling day
【MEIKO】Thank you for taking the time to join me here today. Let's all do our best to give this place the spring makeover it deserves.
【Kohane & An】Yeah!
【Rin】Hehe. I'm gonna do everything I can since you're always there for me, MEIKO!
【Len】Me too!
【Luka】Me three♪ Also, what are we supposed to be doing?
【Len】You really don't remember, Luka?!
【Rin】We're in charge of making the paper flowers!
【Miku】That's right. Here, look at these.
【Luka】What are these? Square fans? No, that doesn't seem right. We're supposed to turn these into flowers?
【Kohane】Wow! Look at these placemats! They're adorable!
【MEIKO】I know, right? I shied away from using them until now because I was afraid they'd clash with the cafe's vibe...
【An】But we're decorating the place with flowers now, so these placemats should go great alongside them.
【MEIKO】Yes. While we're at it, let's also take a look at the cups and saucers.
【KAITO】That's about how it goes. What do you think after hearing it all the way through?
【Akito】I can't believe you went with a full spring mix. I was expecting it to sound jazzier or something, you know?
【KAITO】I thought about doing that as well, but this just burst into my head when I began thinking about animals hibernating in winter...!
【Akito】Huh? Animals hibernating in winter?
【KAITO】Yes! It opens with a piano solo for that very reason.
【KAITO】Just think about it. What do animals do when they wake from such a long slumber?
【Toya】I see. It begins with a piano solo, but more and more instruments get added to the mix as time progresses to show that these animals are finally awake.
【Akito】Oh, now it makes sense.
【Akito】I usually expect your mixes to start off with a big bang, so this gradual growth in sound sort of felt new to me.
【Toya】I agree. But what he's come up with seems much more suited for a cafe, no?
【Akito】Yeah, I get what you mean. It has presence but it's not in your face about it.
【KAITO】Thank goodness! I was worried about how it'd turn out after doing some experimenting, but it was worth the risk.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【An】Okay, we'll start setting the tables using these placemats and cups!
【MEIKO】Yes, thank you.
【MEIKO】(They all seem to be enjoying themselves.)
【MEIKO】(I hesitated to put up a lot of decorations since this place has such a simple interior...)
【MEIKO】(But I want this place to feel welcoming and make it so everyone can talk about what's on their mind...)
【MEIKO】(Giving it a brighter and warmer look may actually help with achieving that goal.)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_f000904
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【MEIKO】(And that SEKAI... That tree... It glistened with everyone's thoughts and feelings.)
【MEIKO】(I want to keep doing what I can to make sure they keep shining for as long as possible...)
【Kohane】MEIKO, we're done setting the tables!
【MEIKO】Thank you both very much! I'll be right there.
[Sound] bgm00000
