【Azusawa Kohane — I'll Protect You〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: I'll Protect You（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Screaming?! Welcome to the Forest of Wolves!
scenarioId: 009021_kohane01

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A
[Sound] se00249
[Sound] se00249
[Sound] se00097
【Minori】Everyone from the promo and maze teams, thank you for your patience!
【Minori】The costume team will now be doing a little fashion show and photo shoot to take promotional pics for our haunted house!
【Kohane & Classmates】Wow...! Cool!
[Sound] se00306
【Shiho】I get why everyone's excited, but the promo team can't seem to contain themselves.
【Kohane】Hehe. We heard that the costumes turned out really amazing, so we can't wait to see them!
【Promo Team Member A】Also, getting to take pictures of them means our work's just getting started!
【Shiho】Right, so...
【Costume Team Member A】Unfortunately, we only have the costume for one wolf and Little Red Riding Hood's hood ready...
【Costume Team Member B】Are these really gonna be enough?
【Kohane】Yup! We have the trees Shiho and her team made, so these should be more than enough!
【Kohane】So, Shiho, can we borrow some of your trees?
【Shiho】Of course. We had a feeling that you guys would need them, so we made sure to get them done the day before.
【Kohane】Thank you so much! That helps a lot!
【Minori】Ahem. Now then! We'll start with the costume for Wolf #1!
【Minori】Ta-daa!
[Sound] se00296
【Kohane】Whoa! It looks so real!
【Promo Team Member B】Yeah. I was kinda wondering how it'd turn out at first after I heard that they were making it out of cardboard and a helmet.
【Shiho】Same. I can't believe how realistic it is.
【Scarer Student A】This is awesome, costume team! How did you guys make this?
【Minori】So, we used a helmet and some cardboard to put the face together. Once that was done, we draped some cloth over it!
【Minori】Then, we gave it some eyes, ears and fangs! And voila, it was done!
【Minori】Also, this wolf is meant to be not so scary for those who aren't exactly thrill seekers. As such, the eyes are meant to look kinda cute!
【Kohane】Yeah, the way they're drooping a little's kind of cute!
【Scarer Student B】I agree. Even if you ran into it, you could probably just say hi to it and walk away.
【Everyone】Haha.
【Kohane】(Hehe. An should be able to enjoy this sort of haunted house.)
【Kohane】I'll start taking some photos now! Also, if you don't mind, could you put it on and pose like you're trying to scare someone?
【Scarer Student A】Okay! Lemme try putting it on!
【Costume Team Member A】We'll help! First, you need to look for the zipper on the back... Here, it's this...
【Shiho】You tried to make the cloth look like a wolf's fur, right? Are you sure about using just gray for that?
【Minori】Huh?
【Kohane】Oh, I see what she means... I think wolves have white fur around their mouths. A lot of dogs too.
【Minori】*Gasp* Y-You're right!
【Shiho】If you need fabric paint, you can borrow some from the maze team.
【Minori】Thanks, Shiho! I probably didn't realize sooner because Samo's all white!
【Costume Team Member B】Yeah, thanks, Hinomori! We should be able to get it to look even more wolflike now!
【Shiho】There's no need to thank me. It was just something I happened to notice.
【Costume Team Member B】Still, good eye. Wait, Hinomori, do you like animals...?
【Shiho】Huh? It's not like that...
【Minori】Haha. Shiho really loves adorably fluffy, little bunny rabbits that...
【Shiho】A-Ahem!
【Shiho】Why are you giggling, Kohane...?
【Kohane】Hehe. It's just... You're so cute, Shiho.
【Shiho】Huh? You sound like my sister...
【Promo Team Member A】Kohane! Everyone! She's done putting on the wolf costume! Let's start taking some pictures!
【Kohane】Okay! Let's start!
【Minori】Please make a really, really amazing flyer for us, Kohane!
【Kohane】Of course!
【Kohane】You all worked really hard on making these, so I promise to make something really good with the promo team!
[Sound] bgm00000
