【Yoisaki Kanade — We're Forgetting Something〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Yoisaki Kanade
Card: We're Forgetting Something（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Whither This Path of Thorns
scenarioId: 017039_kanade02

[Background Change] bg_a000506
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - School Festival
[Sound] se00170_b
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【Ena】We need to start heading over to Class 3-C soon, right?
【Mizuki】Yeah. We'll want good seats for Tsukasa and his class's show, so let's go now!
【Mizuki】Would that be alright, Kanade, Mafuyu?
【Kanade】Yes, that's fine.
【Kanade】Still, I was really impressed by what Kusanagi and her class did...
【Kanade】You really were able to try on all the costumes and outfits you wanted.
【Mafuyu】Some people decided to dress as hot dogs and bowling pins while we were there.
【Ena】Oh yeah, those... I never would've tried them on since they looked totally ludicrous.
【Mizuki】But they also had some really photogenic cosplay outfits. Like the twelve-layered kimono you tried on, Kanade!
【Kanade】You really startled me when you first asked if I wanted to try it on, Mizuki.
【Ena】At first glance, it looked gorgeous enough to be the real deal. But it was just designed to look like there were twelve layers, right?
【Mizuki】Exactly! It's also super easy to change into thanks to the magic of hook-and-loop fasteners♪
【Mizuki】I knew you'd look amazing in it, Kanade, since you have such long hair. I've gotta give myself a pat on the back for this one!
【Mafuyu】I know it was a cosplay outfit, but it still looked fairly heavy...
【Kanade】It was... Once I had it on, I couldn't really move freely.
【Ena】I feel like you were barely able to stay standing. I remember your legs wobbling a bit while we were taking pictures.
【Kanade】If a cosplay outfit is that heavy, then I can't even begin to imagine what people back then had to endure.
【Ena】That reminds me, didn't Mizuki find a dress for you to wear too, Mafuyu?
【Mafuyu】Oh, the long dress with an Asian feel to it? I was asked to try it on, so I did...
【Mizuki】And that wasn't a cosplay outfit. It was a real-life party gown.
【Mizuki】But despite the high-class and grown-up aura it exuded, you totally pulled it off, Mafuyu.
【Kanade】Yes, Kusanagi and the others also seemed stunned when they saw you in it.
【Mafuyu】I feel like they were exaggerating...
【Ena】Oh, what did you all think of that traditional maid dress I wore? It was cute, right?
【Mizuki】Yeah, that did look really good on you...
【Mizuki】But it also feels like cheating, you know? It sorta didn't feel natural.
【Ena】So what? I thought the whole point was to dress up and have fun.
【Kanade】You might've had the most fun out of all of us, Ena. You even had Mizuki take all those pictures of you.
【Mizuki】Don't get me started. Taking shots from all those angles wasn't easy.
【Ena】Hey, don't forget that we all wore those weird dinosaur costumes afterwards like you asked.
【Mafuyu】Yes, we all dressed up as T-Rexes.
【Kanade】They were relatively easy to put on. All you had to do was step in, zip up the back and inflate it...
【Mafuyu】But is there a reason you wanted us to wear those, Mizuki...?
【Mizuki】Well... Obviously, because I thought all four of us wearing them would make for a really stunning pic.
【Mizuki】Plus, I kinda doubt we'll ever find another chance to do that.
【Kanade】True...
【Mafuyu】Come to think of it, Kanade, your T-Rex was shorter than ours for some reason.
【Mafuyu】Weren't we all given adult-sized costumes initially?
【Kanade】So... Remember the window in the chest that allowed the wearer to see out of it...?
【Kanade】My face could only reach about halfway up.
【Mizuki】Yeah, and it would've been a shame if we couldn't really see her face in the picture.
【Mizuki】I figured the children's version would fit better and asked her to try that on.
【Kanade】Unfortunately, the hole for that one was too low, so I had to hunch over...
【Mizuki】Haha.
【Kanade】(This feels kind of surreal...)
【Kanade】(I never imagined myself going to a school festival with other people.)
【Kanade】(But...)
【Kanade】(Everyone seems to be enjoying themselves, so it could be fun to do more things like this every now and again...)
[Sound] bgm00000
