【Yoisaki Kanade — Clothes That Catch My Eye?〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Yoisaki Kanade
Card: Clothes That Catch My Eye?（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Tying Tomorrow's Ribbon
scenarioId: 017047_kanade02

[Background Change] bg_e000901
[Caption] Yoisaki Household - Kitchen
[Sound] se00043_b
【Kanade】We're back...
【Mafuyu】Want me to make some tea?
【Kanade】Yes, a little break would be nice...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00423_b
【Mafuyu】Here's your cup, Kanade.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Kanade】Thank you. Let me take a sip.
【Kanade】Phew... This is nice.
【Kanade】All we did was go to the store and try on a few outfits, but I'm more tired than I thought.
【Mafuyu】You don't have a lot of stamina, Kanade.
【Mafuyu】And... You don't usually wear things like that, after all.
【Kanade】It's true I don't have a lot of stamina, but... I didn't dislike trying on those outfits.
【Kanade】I felt like a different person, in a good way. It was a nice new experience.
【Kanade】Also...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_e002901
【Female Customer】So, thank you very much... You've helped me realize something I want to cherish about myself.
【Female Customer】I love cute things. And cute clothes...
【Female Customer】And this dress. I absolutely adore it...!
[Background Change] bg_e000901
【Kanade】I'm glad that I got to see that lady become the person that she always wanted to be.
【Mafuyu】The person that she always wanted to be...
【Kanade】Yeah...
【Kanade】Just like music, clothes that had a lot of thought and effort put into them have a way of moving people's hearts.
【Kanade】I mean, Yuki poured her heart into the dress that lady said she wanted to wear.
【Kanade】This whole trip was worth it just to see that, I think.
【Mafuyu】I see...
【Kanade】Hm...?
【Mafuyu】Is something the matter?
【Kanade】Oh, it's nothing serious...
【Kanade】But thinking about designers putting their feelings into clothes made me wonder about the ones we're wearing right now.
【Mafuyu】I'm not so sure. The clothes you're wearing were probably mass-produced.
【Kanade】I'm inclined to agree. I did choose these sweats because I knew that I could replace them with an exact copy whenever I like.
【Kanade】But I'm also inclined to believe that even things like that have thoughts and feelings put into them.
【Kanade】For example...
【Kanade】Oh, what if they were designed for people who have trouble deciding what to wear each day?
【Mafuyu】But they're sweats... They were probably designed to be quickly replaced in case you rip them or something while doing strenuous exercises.
【Kanade】Yes, you may be right.
【Kanade】I guess I'm not really living up to what the designer or manufacturer wanted from these, huh.
【Mafuyu】You could always exercise more.
【Kanade】I'll do enough not to get badly out of shape, at least...
【Kanade】Actually, I might take a look at the website for the company that makes these sweats.
【Mafuyu】Why?
【Kanade】This conversation is making me wonder what kinds of thoughts and feelings went into them.
【Mafuyu】That seems unnecessary.
【Mafuyu】Do you ever wonder what people think about as they listen to N25's songs?
【Kanade】Huh...? I do make an effort to read through the comments...
【Kanade】But each person is free to think whatever they like. I just hope that they feel a little better after listening to them.
【Kanade】Oh, I see...
【Kanade】Once something you made leaves your hands, what happens afterwards is entirely up to the listener.
【Kanade】In that case, I guess I'll stick with these sweats after all.
[Sound] bgm00000
