【Shiraishi An — Light Up The Slopes〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Shiraishi An
Card: Light Up The Slopes（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Happy New Year! Lion Dance Robot's New Year's Show!
scenarioId: 010021_an01

[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Caption] Shopping Mall
【An】Alright, we're at the mall. Let's start doing some shopping!
【Kohane】We're here to buy stuff for when we go to stay at your dad's friend's lodge in the mountains, right?
【Kohane】But is there that much we need...?
【An】Yeah! Snacks, drinks, sweets and such!
【Kohane】Wait, don't snacks and sweets fall under the same category?
【An】No way! We need snacks for the drive over and sweets for after we get there♪
【Kohane】Oh, An.
【Kohane】Still, it's really nice that the four of us all get to go since the camping trip we went on was so much fun.
【An】Definitely!
【An】We've been so busy with events and stuff lately, so it'll be nice to spread our wings and relax during New Year's.
【An】Plus, we learned during our camping trip that doing stuff as a team matters a lot.
【Kohane】Yeah! And performing at the lodge should be a good experience for all of us.
【An】Not only that... Skiing!
【Kohane】Yeah. Oh, but...
【An】Is something wrong, Kohane...?
【Kohane】So... I went skiing when I was really little, but haven't since... I'm not sure how I'll do after so long...
【An】Is that all? You'll be fine! I'll help you brush up when we're there!
【Kohane】You will? Wait, An, I thought you wanted to go snowboarding.
【An】I do, but Toya's also a beginner, so we should help each other out until we all get the hang of things!
【Kohane】You mean it? Thanks, An!
【An】Now, let's start getting everything we need to make our skiing trip as fun as possible!
【An】That includes the snacks I just mentioned, but we're also gonna need some cold-weather gear.
【Kohane】We'll be warm once we're on the slopes, but it's probably going to be cold otherwise.
【An】Then, wanna get some hand warmers? Let's see... Which shop sold daily necessities... Hm?
【An】Kohane, check this out! It's an electric hand warmer!
【Kohane】Oh, it's a rabbit and a bear! That's so cute! I didn't know they made these!
【Kohane】And this one looks like a macaron.
【An】Cool! Do you think Akito would try to eat it if we hid it in our sweets pile?
【Kohane】Hehe. I know he has a sweet tooth, but I'm sure he'll realize what it is after he sees it.
【An】Haha. Yeah... But it's hilariously cute, so let's get it anyways!
【An】That just leaves... Oh, they have warm and fluffy socks! We should get some to make sure our toes stay warm.
【An】Also, I almost forgot! Wanna get some games that we can play at the lodge after it gets dark? I have cards already, so how about a board game or something?
【Kohane】Um, that sounds like a lot to carry.
【An】Don't worry! We're gonna rent all our skiing equipment over there, so one or two board games won't hurt!
【An】Anyway, what else is there...? Oh, this blanket's adorable! And big! We can probably use it together, Kohane, so I'll grab this too!
【An】Do you know what you're gonna buy, Kohane? Anything you like?
【Kohane】Then, I'll get some of those socks you just got.
【An】Yeah, these do look nice! And they feel so soft!
【An】They come in a few different designs. Which do you wanna get?
【Kohane】Um... What if I got the one you chose but in a different color?
【An】I don't mind, but I think some of these other really cute ones would suit you better...
【Kohane】I just thought that it might be fun to have matching pairs...
【Kohane】I know this is different from when we do a show... Or do you think it'll be too embarrassing...?
【An】K-Kohane...!
[Sound] se00121
【Kohane】Wah!
【An】No, I won't be embarrassed at all! So, let's get matching pairs!
【An】While we're at it, wanna get matching scarves and beanies?
【Kohane】Really? Hehe. Then, let's take a closer look at what they have to offer...!
【An】Okay! I hope we can put together some really cute outfits.
[Sound] bgm00000
