【Kiritani Haruka — Happy Birthday! 2023〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Happy Birthday! 2023（BD）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 006019_haruka02

[Background Change] bg_a001001
[Caption] The weekend
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【An】Okay!
【An】Seems like everyone's here!
【Minori】Yeah! Off to the venue we go♪
【Haruka】Huh? But aren't Hoshino and the others coming today as well?
【Kohane】Oh, that's right. We forgot to tell you.
【An】Ichika and the others will be waiting for us at the venue. So we'll be the ones guiding you over there♪
【Haruka】Oh, really? But what do you all mean by “venue”...?
【Shizuku】Hehe, you will understand when we arrive. Anyway, shall we?
[Sound] se00104
【Airi】Love the confidence, but that's the opposite direction!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001502
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] A few minutes later
[Caption] Penguin Cafe
【An】We have arrived! Make yourself comfortable, Haruka♪
【Haruka】Huh? This is...
【Emu】Oh, they're here! The star of the day is here!
【Honami】Happy birthday, Kiritani.
【Ichika】There's a seat we had specifically prepared for you. Please sit.
【Haruka】A seat specifically for me? Are you...
【Haruka】Talking about this penguin-shaped sofa?!
【Shiho】Apparently the cafe just got this sofa recently.
【Kohane】The penguin is so cute with its flippers wide open, like it's saying, “Please, come sit!” We thought that you'd really like it...
【Haruka】I-I really do. It's so adorable!
【Haruka】But, is it really okay for me to sit on it? Emperor penguins are one of the larger kinds of penguin, but even so, I'd feel bad if it were to be crushed under my weight...
【Shiho】That's what you're worried about?
【Ichika】Also, I didn't know that this sofa was an emperor penguin.
【An】It's amazing that you can tell just from looking, Haruka. I guess you don't just love penguins, but you also know a lot about them.
【Saki】Also, if you say you're heavy then we're all heavy too! Besides, it says down here that this sofa can take up about 100 kilograms!
【Haruka】I see, so it's quite sturdy. In that case, don't mind if I do.
[Sound] se00055
【Minori】O-oh my gosh... Haruka is sitting on a penguin-shaped sofa...
【Minori】A cute person sitting on top of a cute sofa is blinding my eyes! May I request permission to take a photo?!
【Airi】Looks like we have more than one person in the room getting excited...
【Shizuku】Hehe. They certainly seem to be enjoying themselves.
【Ichika】By the way, it's almost time for that “thing” we ordered to come, right?
【Honami】Oh, yes it is. I think it'll be here soon...
【Waiter】Thank you for your patience. Here is the special penguin cake!
【Haruka】Wow...!
【Emu】It's amazing, right, Haruka? It's an ultra super duper wonderhoy cake!
【Haruka】I-It's...an erect-crested penguin saying happy birthday to me...
【Shiho】So this is called an erect-crested penguin, huh...
【Haruka】I-I have to make this my background!
【Kohane】Hehe, I'm so glad you like it.
【Ichika】This cake is so cute that I think not only Kiritani, but anyone would have a hard time eating it...
【Haruka】Y-Yes, it is a little difficult, but...it would be a shame to not share and enjoy it with everyone.
【Airi】Though, how should we go about dividing it all up?
【Saki】First things first, let's give Haruka all of the penguin cake decorations!
【Haruka】Really? Is that okay?
【Saki】Of course! All of these cute penguins just can't wait to go over to you!
【Saki】“Happy birthday, Haruka honk! I hope you have an amazing day honk♪”
【Emu】Aww, your penguin imitation is so cute, Saki!
【Saki】Huh? Really?! Oh, you're making me blush!
【Shiho】Penguins go honk?
【Kohane】Hehe, I guess in Saki's imagination, they do?
【Minori】But it's so cute! Also...
【Haruka】Thank you so much, everyone. I'm so...just so happy.
【Minori】Hehe. I'm happy that you're happy, Haruka.
【Airi】Also, it's way too early to thank us!
【Airi】We still have so much more penguin-filled goodness for you in store!
【Haruka】Penguin-filled goodness?!
【An】That's right! I also thought up a lot of stuff just for you, Haruka.
【Kohane】We hope you have a great time until the very end!
【Haruka】Everyone...
【Haruka】Thank you.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000123
[Sound] bgm00097
【Ichika】Is this recording? I'm glad that I was able to celebrate your birthday today with you, Kiritani. Once again, happy birthday.
【Saki】“Happy birthday honk!” Just kidding! I hope you enjoyed the penguin-filled birthday party, Haruka!
【Honami】Hehe, I hope so too. But still, I was surprised to find out you knew so much about penguins, Kiritani. You don't only have love for penguins, but also so much knowledge about them.
【Emu】Yup yup! You knew just from looking at the sofa and the cake! That's so amazing!
【Shiho】You looked like you really enjoyed it, so let's all go again together sometime. Have a wonderful birthday, Kiritani. Looking forward to making more memories.
【Minori】Hello, are you all able to hear me? This is Minori Hanasato, the first member of the “Make Haruka Kiritani's Birthday a National Public Holiday” committee!
【Airi】I really do hope this never becomes an official committee... But in terms of celebrating your birthday, Haruka, I feel the same way.
【Shizuku】Hehe. I'm so glad that I was able to see you smile a lot today, Haruka.
【An】Me too! Your face when you were in front of those penguins... Hehehe, I just know your fans will be surprised at how different from normal you are!
【Kohane】But after seeing all of those cute penguins today, I couldn't help but want to know more about them.
【Minori】Oh, then how about we all go to the aquarium together sometime?! And Haruka can be our penguin expert!
【Shizuku】That sounds lovely. I think we'd learn so much if Haruka was the one to guide us around.
【Airi】On top of doing a pre-celebration, I guess we'll be doing a post-celebration too. But, that'll be fun. I think Haruka would really like that.
【Minori】Yay! No matter how many times we celebrate Haruka's birthday, it always makes me so happy!
【Minori】Okay then, I'll send you all a message once I've sorted out all of the details. I hope you look forward to it too, Haruka!
[Background Change] bg_b001002
【Haruka】Going to the penguin cafe was fun as always, but... I really feel like I have the most fun when everyone is there with me.
【Haruka】Of course, I felt the same at the pre-celebration in SEKAI and during the livestream too. Receiving all of those wonderful birthday wishes from my fans...
【Haruka】Makes me so appreciative. It truly feels like I have so many people's support behind me.
【Haruka】Which is why I better give just as much back to each and every one of them.
【Haruka】Actually, no. I will work hard to deliver even more hope than that.
【Haruka】So, I hope you will continue to give me your support.
[Sound] bgm00000
