【Tenma Saki — Happy Birthday!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: Happy Birthday!（BD）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 002018_saki02

[Background Change] bg_a002201
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard
[Sound] se00055
【Saki】Everyone, check it out! My mom made me this really amazing lunch for my birthday!
【Honami】Oh, two boxes worth...!
【Saki】Yup! This one's for rice and sides. And this one's for my dessert melon♪
【Shiho】Nice. Pretty fancy birthday dessert you've got there.
【Saki】I know, right? My mom crammed in a ton, so let's all have some together later!
【Ichika】Thanks, Saki.
【Ichika, Shiho, Saki & Honami】That was delicious!
【Honami】Thank you for the melon, Saki.
【Shiho】Please tell your mom thank you for us.
【Saki】I will♪ Oh, mind sticking around a bit before we all head back to class?
【Ichika】Sure, I don't mind... Is something the matter?
【Saki】There's actually something I wanna give all of you... First up is Shiho!
[Sound] se00055
【Saki】Thank you, Ms. Shiho!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shiho】Huh...?
【Saki】You don't allow mistakes when it comes to music and you've given me lots of strict advice with regard to playing the synth.
[Sound] bgm00017
【Saki】Because you've been willing to work so closely with me, I've gotten so much better and we're able to put on really amazing performances now!
【Saki】As such, I present you with this certificate of appreciation stamped with the Tenma seal♪ From Saki Tenma, who thinks you're an incredibly cool person and loves you for it!
【Shiho】Thanks, Saki... I had no idea you prepared something like this for us.
【Saki】Hehe. I wanted to show everyone just how much I appreciate them!
【Saki】Next, Hona!
【Saki】Thank you, Ms. Hona!
【Saki】On top of always being available to talk about us as a band, you're nice enough to help with stuff about schoolwork and club activities.
【Saki】You also watch over all of us with a warm gaze and make sure I don't push myself too hard.
【Saki】For being such a nice person, I present you with this certificate of appreciation stamped with the Tenma seal!
【Saki】From Saki Tenma, who hopes we get the chance to do another play-planetarium with you as that narrator!
【Honami】Oh wow... Thank you so much, Saki!
【Ichika】She slyly threw in a favor at the end.
【Honami】Hehe. I've been wanting to do another one too, so I'll put something together to make sure I'm ready at a moment's notice.
【Saki】You will?! You're the best, Hona!
【Saki】Finally, Ichi! Thanks for waiting!
【Saki】Ahem... Thank you, Ms. Ichi!
【Saki】For as long as I can remember, and even now, you've been a source of encouragement for me.
【Ichika】Huh...?
【Saki】You came to visit me so many times when I was in the hospital, and even said, “Everyone's waiting for you to come back.”
【Saki】Even now, whenever I feel unsure or have a lot on my mind, you're there to support me and help me get through whatever's going on...
【Saki】You've given me so much courage.
【Ichika】I didn't realize...
【Saki】I mean it! You've always been there for me! So...
【Saki】Even though I can't thank you enough, I present you with this certificate of appreciation stamped with the Tenma seal!
【Saki】From Saki Tenma, who hopes we'll be besties forever and ever!
【Ichika】Saki... Thank you...
【Ichika】What do I do...? I'm so happy... You've left me completely speechless...
【Ichika】Thank you so much, Saki.
【Saki】No, I really have to thank all of you!
【Saki】Ichi!
【Saki】Hona!
【Saki】Shiho!
【Saki】Thanks for being such great childhood friends! I hope we get to be like this forever and ever and ever!
【Ichika, Honami & Shiho】Us too!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d001202
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
【Tsukasa】Happy birthday, Saki!
【Father & Mother】Happy birthday!
[Sound] se00009
【Saki】Tsukasa, Dad, Mom, thank you!
【Mother】Alright, Saki. Ready to blow out the candles?
【Saki】Yup♪ *Blow*
[Sound] se00340
【Father】*Sob* She used to blow them out one by one, but now she can blow them out all at once...!
【Mother】Hehe. Oh, Dad. Need a tissue?
【Father】Yes, thank you...
【Saki】You know there weren't as many candles back then, right? I always tried to make the fun last as long as I could.
【Tsukasa】Which part of the cake would you like, Saki? Naturally, the chocolate “Happy Birthday” plate will also be yours!
【Saki】Thanks, Tsukasa! But gimme a second before you do that!
[Sound] se00253
[Sound] se00055
【Saki】Okay, ahem! Mom, Dad, Tsukasa... I'd like to present you all with certificates of appreciation!
【Mother】Certificates of appreciation...?
【Saki】That's right. First, Mom!
【Saki】Thank you, Mother! I'll forever be grateful to you for bringing me into the world and this family!
【Mother】...!
【Saki】I know I wasn't always healthy when I was little and made you worry a lot...
【Saki】But I'm happy and healthy now because you and everyone did everything you could to find the right doctors for me!
【Saki】As such, I present you with this certificate of appreciation stamped with the Tenma seal and this bouquet of flowers♪
【Saki】From your daughter, Saki, who loves you so so sooo very much and knows you're the best mother in the world!
【Mother】Saki...
【Mother】Th-Thank you...! I love you very much too, Saki.
【Father】Need a tissue?
【Mother】Yes, please...!
【Saki】Dad, Tsukasa, I have certificates for you both too!
【Tsukasa & Father】...!
【Father】W-Wait, Saki! I need a moment to prepare myself or you might give me a heart attack!
【Tsukasa】S-Same here!
【Saki】Huh? Well, if it's gonna cause that much harm, then I guess I'll skip you two.
【Father】Wh-What?! Saki, that also might give me a heart attack!
【Tsukasa】He's right! Hnng... See?! It's already starting! If you don't give us those certificates now, we might...!
【Saki】Haha. Okay, I get it, so pull yourselves together! I wanna show just how much I appreciate the both of you!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000072
[Sound] bgm00097
【Haruka】Happy birthday, Tenma! You really surprised us when you gave us those adorable certificates of appreciation. I'll make sure to hang it up somewhere.
【Minori】Me too! Oh, Haruka and I picked out the lip gloss that was a part of your present. I really think it'll look good on you, so I hope you get a chance to use it!
【Airi】Thanks for the wonderful certificate of appreciation, Saki! I couldn't be happier as an idol and your senior.
【Airi】I'm looking for a present that also shows my appreciation for you, so stay tuned!
【Shizuku】Happy birthday, Saki. And thank you for the certificate of appreciation. I wasn't expecting to also receive one.
【Shizuku】I heard you gave one to Shii too, yes? She couldn't stop smiling after she got home. Hehe. I hope you two remain friends for a very long time.
【Kohane】Happy birthday, Saki! Thank you for the certificate of appreciation. I know you've been very busy lately with your band and all.
【Kohane】Please let me know when you're doing another show! I promise to buy a ticket and be there to cheer you on!
【Emu】Your show...! Honami invited me that other time, but I couldn't go because of my own show...
【Emu】Please make sure to invite me to your next one, Saki! Oh, do you need a tambourine player? I can jingle-jangle for lots and lots if you ever need one♪
【Tsukasa】Saki! Once more, happy birthday!!
【Toya】Happy birthday, Saki. I'm so glad that you're able to just live your life now. Am I right in saying that you're just as relieved, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Yes, I was worried that you'd fall ill while at school, but I'm glad those concerns ended up being unfounded. Luckily, you have Ichika and the others to also look out for you.
【Tsukasa】Saki. Your smiling face is what makes me, Mom and Dad the happiest, so please keep having fun and enjoying each day as much as you can.
【Ichika】Happy birthday, Saki!
【Honami & Shiho】Happy birthday!
【Shiho】We were planning on throwing you a surprise party with Miku and the others, but you managed to get the jump on us.
【Honami】Hehe. Your handmade certificates of appreciation were so lovely. I mean, look at the pegasuses she drew for the borders. Their faces all look a little different.
【Shiho】Yeah. Mine have this sharp and serious look while Honami's are grinning and Ichika's are singing. We can tell you put a lot of effort into these.
【Ichika】Saki. We all feel the same way about wanting to be together forever.
【Ichika】So let's keep doing our best and keep moving forward, together!
[Background Change] bg_f000101
【Saki】Thank you all for listening to our songs in SEKAI!
【Saki】Because of your support, I always feel this warmth well up inside me whenever we do shows here.
【Saki】You guys are the reason why we're able to do everything we can to put on good performances!
【Saki】As such, I present you all with this certificate of appreciation stamped with the Tenma seal! May 9th, from Saki Tenma, who couldn't be happier that all of you are here to celebrate with me!
【Saki】Hehe. Feel free to stop by whenever to listen to us play, okay? We'll be waiting!
[Sound] bgm00000
