【Megurine Luka — Happy Anniversary! 2025〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Megurine Luka
Card: Happy Anniversary! 2025（BD）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 024034_luka01

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Luka】Whew... Another day, another exciting show.
【???】Oh, there you are, Luka!
[Sound] se00172_b
【Luka】Everyone...
【Miku】Nice work with your special anniversary concert!
【Rin】It was suuuper cool! And the audience was really energized!
【Shizuku】Yes. We had a wonderful view of them creating a sea of light from over in the wings.
【Airi】That's right. Thank you again for inviting us, Luka. We really enjoyed watching from backstage.
【Haruka】The show was jam-packed with everything that people love about you.
【Minori】Yeah! Cutesy classic idol hits to cool dance tracks, playful banter between songs...
【Minori】And most importantly, so much interaction with your fans! They couldn't get enough of it!
【Luka】Hehe. I'm glad you all enjoyed yourselves.
【Luka】Especially since I went to you for advice so many times while I was putting the show together.
【Luka】I wanted to give you all an experience that would express my gratitude... Did that come across?
【Minori】It diiid!
【Airi】I think Minori might still be in concert-goer mode.
【Len】But still... I liked that every section of the show felt like a reflection of Luka's personality.
【MEIKO】Especially the medley where Luka sang a duet with each of us. I didn't expect the crowd to go so wild for that!
【Luka】If I recall correctly, that segment was Minori's idea.
【Minori】Hehehe. I figured that Luka should have the most fun today since it is her anniversary.
【Minori】She was saying that she wanted a lot of opportunities to sing with everyone, which had me thinking. What about a medley where she sang with each person at a time?
【Minori】Not to mention... We'd also get to see some rare combinations, and how cool would that be?!
【Airi】You started off so strong there...and then it turned into your fangirl fantasy.
【Haruka】I have to admit though, I did really enjoy seeing those less-seen pair-ups.
【Luka】Hehe, I'm glad to hear it.
【KAITO】We also had fun being up on stage with you for your special day.
【Rin】Yeah! We put all our effort into expressing our anniversary wishes with the show. Although...
【Rin】I kinda feel bad that we enjoyed your performance the most, even though we're the ones celebrating you...
【Airi】I know what you mean. Luka's always charming, but today she was overflowing with idol charisma.
【Shizuku】A strong and confident persona for the cool songs, full of warm smiles for the cute songs... I'm amazed how she could effortlessly blend into each song like a chameleon.
【Luka】If I could, then it was thanks to each of my duet partners.
【Luka】All of your hopes and feelings shone through, which I think pushed my performance to the next level.
【Luka】So, once again, thank you all for today.
【KAITO】Luka...
【Len】It was our pleasure to be of service.
【MEIKO】Yes. You were having such a good time singing, and the feeling was infectious!
【Luka】Hehe. I appreciate the kind words.
【MEIKO】But...one moment in the concert stands out above all else...
【MEIKO】Right at the end, when Luka blew those knockout kisses to the audience!
【Minori & Rin】Yeah!
【Rin】And not just the audience... I was so shocked when she blew some to us in the wings!
【Minori】Me too! A barrage of kisses from an idol at point-blank range... I thought I was gonna pass out!
【Luka】Hehe. All the while, I was enjoying everyone's different reactions♪ Joy, embarrassment, surprise...
【KAITO】Hahaha... Of course you were, Luka.
【Rin】But, you really were enjoying yourself more than ever!
【Rin】Not just the kisses... The sharpness of your movements, the way you held the long notes... It was perfect from start to finish!
【MEIKO】I suppose it's to be expected for an anniversary concert? It is a special day after all.
【Luka】Yes, partly that. But also...
【Luka】I think I was so energized today thanks to the performance I watched beforehand.
【Airi】Do you mean...the anniversary show for our world's Luka?
【Luka】Exactly. Remember how you girls showed me a little of it? The Luka in your world also had many fans show up to her anniversary show.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_g000201
【Luka】Thank you all again so much for coming to my special anniversary concert!
【Len】Now we've reached the second half of today's show... It's time for a little game titled:
【Miku & Len】“Look Into Luka's Mind! Set List Predictions♪”
[Sound] bgm00190
[Sound] se00211_b
【Miku】We have to try and predict the next two songs on Luka's set list. Can you guys guess?
【Len】By the way, this game was Luka's idea! Right Luka?
【Luka】That's right.
【Luka】I'm here today because of so many emotions... Those that went into each song, and those felt by the people listening to them.
【Luka】I chose songs that I wanted everyone to hear as my way of expressing gratitude for that.
【Luka】So I hope that they're also songs that everyone wants to hear.
[Sound] se00251_b
【Miku】Well then, everyone watching in the audience and on the livestream, start predicting!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Luka】Seeing that version of me having fun motivated me to enjoy my anniversary just as much.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Luka】And...it also inspired me to give you all a show to remember.
【Luka】That's why I was more energized than usual.
【Shizuku】Luka...
【Airi】I guess that means the concert was a huge success.
【Haruka】Yes. Both you and your audience were having the time of your lives. It was an unforgettable show.
【Luka】Really? I honestly was having so much fun, so I'm happy you feel that way.
【Airi】But, it's too early to pack up and go home!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Luka】Huh?
【Shizuku】Don't forget, it is your anniversary. We want to make it a day to remember for you too.
【Minori】And so, get ready for...
【Minori】Luka's Special Anniversary Show, performed by MORE MORE JUMP!
[Sound] bgm00230
【Luka】A special show?
【Miku】We'll also be helping out behind the scenes♪
【Rin】Okie dokie, leave the sound to me!
【KAITO】And you can count on us to provide excellent lighting!
【Len】So, Luka, take a seat here in the VIP section.
【Luka】All of you...
【Luka】(They must have all done so much preparation for me...)
【Luka】(I was happy enough for them just to participate in my concert, but they put this together too...)
【Luka】(I was just thinking how this has been a lovely anniversary with everyone celebrating with me, but...)
【Luka】It seems the celebrations are just getting started.
[Sound] bgm00000
