【Hoshino Ichika — Distant Yet Caring〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hoshino Ichika
Card: Distant Yet Caring（1★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 001001_ichika01

[Background Change] bg_a002201
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard
【Ichika】What a nice breeze...
【Ichika】The flowers are swaying like they're enjoying it too.
【Saki】Oh, there you are, Ichi!
【Ichika】Saki, is something the matter?
【Saki】I couldn't find you in the classroom, so I was wondering where you'd gone to.
【Ichika】Ah! Hold it, Saki! Stop where you are!
【Saki】Huh? Um, okay!
【Ichika】Sorry for raising my voice all of a sudden. It's just, there's a flower over there, so...
【Saki】Oh, you're right! I didn't notice it at all. Thanks for letting me know.
【Saki】I almost didn't manage to avoid it... Wait! I stepped on a little bit of the leaves!
【Saki】Wh-What's going to happen now? Will this flower wither and die?!
【Ichika】Um... Ah, this shouldn't be a problem. This species of flower is pretty tough.
【Saki】Really? Phew... What a relief.
【Saki】Also, why am I not surprised that you know so much about flowers?
【Ichika】I know about it because it's a common flower, that's all.
【Saki】But it's not just this flower. You also know a lot about many other flowers too, right?
【Saki】I remember you used to teach me many things about them,
【Ichika】Yes... I did, didn't I?
【Saki】Yep! When I was in the hospital, or bedridden at home, you'd always come visit with flowers and then tell me many different things about them!
【Ichika】Well, that sure brings back memories.
【Ichika】I couldn't get anything grand, so I would pick just one after looking up its symbolism.
【Ichika】Hehe, going to the florist was so fun. I was still in elementary school then, so the shop staff would sometimes give me a discount.
【Saki】I'm so sure it was because of your flowers that I was able to recover and get discharged!
【Ichika】Come on, Saki... That's an exaggeration.
【Saki】Hehe. Actually, I've been pressing those flowers you gave me and keeping them.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Ichika】Really?
【Saki】Whenever things get tough, I'd look at those flowers and it's like all my bad feelings get sucked away, you know?
[Sound] bgm00024
【Ichika】Saki...
【Saki】Ah, speaking of which, I remember you once brought a morning glory that you'd planted in school too!
【Ichika】Yes. And I had no idea it was unlucky to visit someone with a potted flower, which was exactly what I had brought...
【Saki】I can still clearly remember the shocked look on the nurse's face back then!
【Saki】But we also planted a morning glory flower bed in the garden at my home, along with Shiho and Hona, using the seeds from that flower, didn't we?
【Ichika】Yeah. All of us went to your house to do that, and we also went back to check on the flowers too.
【Saki】Yeah! But because I didn't manage to water the flowers for about a week...
【Ichika】It can't be helped since you weren't feeling well.
【Saki】But the morning glories became all droopy because of that...
【Ichika】You were really depressed about it, so the three of us tried our best to take care of the flowers on our own.
【Saki】Yeah! I was so surprised to see them doing so well when I went out to the garden one day after a long time!
【Saki】I asked mom about it, and she told me the three of you had been taking care of them. I was so touched I broke into tears right there in the garden!
【Saki】Hehe, it's a precious memory of mine.
【Saki】Will we be able to play together like that again someday?
【Ichika】Well...
【Saki】I know! We just have to try, right? Maybe we should talk to Hona and Shiho after school today?
【Ichika】Yes, let's try that.
[Sound] bgm00000
