【MEIKO — Third Senpai〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: Third Senpai（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Don't Let Doubts Hold You Back
scenarioId: 025007_meiko02

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Honami】Thank you so much for lending me your ear, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】No, it was my pleasure! I'll see you later, okay?
【Miku】What were you and Honami talking about, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Oh, just some stuff about drumming!
【MEIKO】Speaking of drumming, I can still keep going. How about a session with just us three?
【Luka】Hehe. Sure, of course.
【MEIKO】Wow! That was fun!
【MEIKO】It's so nice to know I can go all out when we're playing together like this.
【MEIKO】You handle my improvisations so well too. It feels great to play each note!
【Miku】I can sort of just sense it. How others want to play. What others are trying to do and such.
【MEIKO】Right. And you can't help but throw yourself into a song after you start hearing those around you play!
【MEIKO】Words can't describe how good it feels!
【MEIKO】Oh, but you know what? Not everything has to be perfect.
【Luka】Are you thinking about Ichika and the others?
【MEIKO】Yes.
【MEIKO】They only just formed their band, so it feels like they're still not quite sure what they want to do.
【MEIKO】I'm pretty sure they'll really start to improve once they find their groove but...
【MEIKO】Did you notice how they'd sometimes randomly go off tune when they're not being careful?
【Miku】Well, that may be true...
【MEIKO】Haha! Sorry, sorry! I'm not trying to put down your precious girls, I promise.
【MEIKO】Seriously, I didn't mean it in a bad way.
【MEIKO】This is a period of mutual discovery and learning about one another. It's an important part of being a new band and gaining experience.
【Miku】True.
【Luka】I agree. The girls are definitely trying to listen to each other carefully and figure out what they want to do.
【MEIKO】Exactly! Sometimes, everything just falls into place and they have an amazing session all of the sudden!
【MEIKO】It's always exciting to see how things will unfold with them!
【Miku】I agree. I definitely feel that way when I play with them.
【MEIKO】See? And they have so much fun playing together too.
【MEIKO】That's why every melody they create sounds so bright and cheerful, at least for me!
【MEIKO】I really love them. How do they produce such a unique sound? It's almost as if it sparkles or twinkles.
【Luka】Well, that's an easy one.
【Luka】Their band is what brought them all back together.
【Miku】Right. And coming together like this helped them find their true feelings as well, while we hope all four of them will keep the band going for as long as possible.
【MEIKO】All four of them, huh...?
【MEIKO】You know, I see you two playing together with them fairly often, but you rarely give them any advice about being a band or anything.
【Miku】You're right.
【Miku】The band was our suggestion, but they eventually found their true feelings on their own.
【Miku】So it seems best to just watch over them.
【Luka】Yes. You'd be surprised by how mature and thoughtful they can be sometimes.
【MEIKO】I see. So you're not interfering too much because you trust that they'll figure this out on their own?
【MEIKO】Haha! You really believe in them, don't you?
【Miku】Of course! We're talking about the girls, right?
【MEIKO】Hehe. Okay, I can do that too!
【MEIKO】I only just met them, but I'm already looking forward to what they have in store for us!
【Luka】Hehe. Join the club.
【MEIKO】Gladly!
[Sound] bgm00000
