【Tenma Saki — Excitement Explosion〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: Excitement Explosion（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Stick to Your Faith
scenarioId: 002031_saki01

[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Saki】Oh, there they are! Hey, you guys!
[Sound] se_run_women_001_1
【Saki】Phew. Thanks for waiting! I thought I left pretty early, but I somehow ended up the last one here...!
【Honami】It wasn't by much, though. We also just got here a second ago.
【Shiho】I mean, you're still pretty early. I guess we all are, now that I think about it.
【Saki】I have to think we've all been wondering what we're gonna talk about today! I couldn't sit still because I'm so excited!
【Ichika】I've been like that all morning as well.
【Ichika】We're not supposed to meet with Mr. Shindo for a little while, but... I guess we should start making our way over so we don't end up running late.
【Shiho】Yeah, sounds good. Let's go.
[Sound] se00173_b
【Honami】We're supposed to talk about what we need to do before we can make our debut today, right...?
【Saki】Our debut...
【Saki】I hope we get to talk about our new song soon. I want us to hit the scene by making a huge splash! How awesome would that be?!
【Shiho】A huge splash? We're not really that kind of band.
【Saki】No, I'm saying that we should strive to become the talk of the town!!!
【Ichika】In any case, I'm really excited.
【Saki】Oh, you guys also need to come up with autographs for yourselves!
【Saki】I've got a super cute design for mine♪ I think it's my best work yet!
【Shiho】Uh, I think you're getting ahead of yourself. We sorta have more important things to figure out first...
【Saki】No, this is important! Who knows when we might end up needing them?!
【Shiho】If you have time to think about that kind of stuff, then you should be practicing instead.
【Saki】Urgh... Y-Yeah, but...
【Honami】Shiho, you used to take calligraphy lessons. I have a feeling your autograph is going to look really cool...
【Ichika】Yeah. If anything, Honami and I might be the only ones having trouble.
【Saki】Then, I can show you some tricks to make your autographs look super cool! I've already done a ton of research♪
【Shiho】Again, practice takes priority.
【Saki】Wait, just gimme a second to explain!
【Saki】All you have to do is make some sort of reference to your names. For example, Ichi, yours could include some stars, and yours could include a moon, Hona.
【Saki】If you make them really small and add them as an accent, then they'll look really cute!
【Ichika】Wow, your advice is more specific than I was expecting...
【Honami】Saki, does this mean you'd already come up with autographs for us...?
【Saki】Hehe. Yeah, they came to me while I was thinking up my own.
【Honami】Hehe. Then, we can refer to those when that time comes.
【Ichika】Yeah. But to be fair, that's probably not going to be for a while.
【Saki】I can't wait until then.
【Saki】Oh, we need to start heading over to the office.
【Ichika】Oh, you're right. Time really does fly when you're having a fun conversation.
【Honami】Yes... But I'm starting to feel nervous all of a sudden...
【Saki】Whoa, yeah, me too...
【Saki】But the discussion we're about to have is about our future as a band! We need to make it a good one...!
【Saki】So, everyone, let's go...! Off to Solis Records!
[Sound] bgm00000
