【Kiritani Haruka — MORE MORE JUMP!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: MORE MORE JUMP!（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 006002_haruka02

[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] Rehearsal Studio
【Haruka】So this is where we'll be practicing today.
【Minori】So cool!
【Minori】This is the same studio you've been using when you were in ASRUN, right?
【Haruka】Yes. We didn't have our own studio back when we were just starting out.
【Shizuku】I imagine it has some sentimental value to you.
【Haruka】Yes, I suppose so.
【Airi】Let's save the trip down memory lane for later. We've got it booked only for a couple hours, so let's start stretching.
【Minori】Okay!
【Minori】Hehehe! Doing stretches together in a studio, that's such a classic idol group thing!
【Haruka】Definitely. We used to do it in ASRUN too.
【Haruka】Once we became more popular, everyone was too busy with solo projects to meet up for group practice much.
【Minori】Aw, that's such a shame!
【Minori】Let's get some good stretches in!
【Airi】Hm, you can stretch your legs pretty far apart. Can you do it with your upper body flat on the floor?
【Minori】Nope. I can only do it as far as almost touching the floor with my elbows.
【Shizuku】Isn't that good enough?
【Minori】What about you girls?
【Airi】I can easily put my elbows on the floor. Look.
【Minori】Wow, you really did it! And you, Haruka?
【Haruka】I can go...this far.
【Minori】Wow, you can go flat!
【Haruka】If you're not flexible, you're more prone to injury, apparently.
【Airi】Can you do a split standing up?
【Haruka】Like this?
【Minori】Are you made of rubber?! You could star in a circus!
【Airi】Or become a ballerina.
【Shizuku】Hehe. Rhythmic gymnastics is another career option for you.
【Haruka】Thanks, but I just want to be an idol.
【Minori】Haruka, what sort of exercises do I need to do to be flexible like you?
【Haruka】It's enough if you stretch after taking a bath.
【Haruka】You don't need to do anything hardcore.
【Minori】But I do stretch after bath! What am I doing wrong?
【Shizuku】How long do you stretch for, Haruka?
【Haruka】About an hour at a time.
【Minori】An hour?!
【Haruka】I've been doing stretches daily since I decided to become an idol, and I've been increasing the time I spend on it little by little.
【Airi】You've been keeping this up for years. That's commitment.
【Minori】Yeah! Haruka, you're just so amazing!
【Minori】I'll do my stretches daily from now on too!
【Minori】I probably need to do it for one to two hours a day to have a chance of catching up with you...
【Airi】That's not very realistic, don't you think?
【Minori】But...
【Haruka】Minori, you mustn't do anything excessive. I understand that you're impatient, but it's better to get into the habit gradually.
【Minori】You're right!
【Haruka】Let's continue our stretches. Minori, want me to push your back?
【Minori】That'll be great, thanks!
[Sound] bgm00000
