【Tenma Saki — Simmered Gently and Lovingly〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: Simmered Gently and Lovingly（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Never Give Up Cooking!
scenarioId: 002023_saki02

[Background Change] bg_d001202
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
【Saki】Okay, let's start our... I forget, is this our third one? Our third meeting to decide the menu for our dinner party!
【Tsukasa】Alright, our goal for today is to make our final selections!
【Saki】Right! So, I'll begin by announcing the candidates for side dishes!
【Saki】First, we need some kind of salad, so I think one with tomatoes would be nice!
【Saki】Some red and juicy tomatoes should help add a bit of color to our menu!
【Tsukasa】Yes, that's excellent!
【Saki】Our next candidate is the onion marinade Mom taught me how to make! It's the perfect appetizer since it has such a refreshing taste to it♪
【Tsukasa】Yes, that should set the stage for our main dish rather nicely!
【Saki】I know, right? But I also wanna hear your suggestions, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Ah, then... Why don't I announce the candidates for our main dish?!
【Saki】This is so exciting...!
【Saki】(What did he pick...?!)
【Saki】(We had so much fun during our last meeting that we couldn't really decide.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Sound] bgm00020
【Tsukasa】How does something visually appealing like rice omelets sound?
【Saki】Yeah, we could decorate and write whatever we want on them using ketchup!
【Saki】Oh, along the same lines, we could also make Salisbury steaks♪
【Saki】How amazing would it be if we whipped up some really huge ones?!
【Tsukasa】Yes, I like that. Simple but stunning. Not only that, Salisbury steaks are delicious!
【Saki】Yup yup♪ Delicious is definitely important!
【Saki】Oh, also! How about beef stew? The one Mom makes is so good!
【Tsukasa】Yes, and we may be able to as well if we were to learn her recipe!
【Tsukasa】Wait, we have to at least mention pot stickers... Each family makes them using different ingredients, and Mom even has her own special recipe.
【Saki】True. Ours are usually brimming with meat.
【Saki】I remember hearing how Hona's family makes them with lots of chives and veggies.
【Tsukasa】Ah, that sounds very healthy. The opposite of the ones at Rui's house.
【Saki】What do they do at Rui's house?
【Tsukasa】Ah, they apparently only have meat in them because Rui absolutely detests vegetables.
【Saki】What?!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00171
【Tsukasa】Ahem... I shall now announce the candidates for our main dish!
【Saki】Okay!
【Tsukasa】First! Beef stew!
【Saki】Yum!
【Tsukasa】Based on what Mom told me, it's a bit of an involved recipe but doable as long as we take it step by step.
【Saki】Really?! That's big if it means we can make it ourselves.
【Tsukasa】To be fair, we haven't actually picked it yet. Anyway, second! Rice omelets!
【Saki】Oh, that's our chance to make them look really fancy for our guest...!
【Tsukasa】Indeed. Mom also said that we should be able to handle making them.
【Tsukasa】I saw the recipe and it's much less involved than the one for her beef stew.
【Saki】Hmm... I guess it comes down to the details, huh?
【Tsukasa】Yes, but the more we pay attention to the details, the more delicious and satisfying our dishes will be.
【Tsukasa】As such, I vote for beef stew!
【Tsukasa】What say you, Saki? Which would you rather have? Beef stew or rice omelets?
【Saki】Hmmm...
【Saki】(I've watched Mom make her beef stew before, but she really seemed to have her hands full.)
【Saki】(On top of having to chop all the veggies into the same size, you have to cook everything at the right temperature...)
【Saki】(Still, as hard as it is to make, she's willing to go through all that in order to have us eat her yummy stew.)
【Saki】I've made my decision, Tsukasa! I also vote for beef stew!
【Saki】I want Toya to have our family's special dish!
【Tsukasa】Excellent! Then, we'll have beef stew as the main dish!
【Saki】Yay♪
【Saki】Next, we need to choose our side dishes! I have a few other candidates besides the salad I mentioned earlier!
【Tsukasa】Alright, lay it on me!
【Saki】(I'm not that confident when it comes to cooking, but I think I'll be fine as long as I have Tsukasa there with me!)
【Saki】(Hehe. I really hope Toya enjoys everything...!)
[Sound] bgm00000
