【Mixed Event — Nocturne Interlude — Episode2 Restricted Melody】

Event: Nocturne Interlude
Event Type: marathon
Episode: Episode2 — Restricted Melody
Event Outline: Toya has decided to create street music as a member of Vivid BAD SQUAD. But something happens to make him wonder if classical music still has some hold on him, leading to some self-doubt...
scenarioId: event_12_02

[Background Change] bg_c000101
[Caption] Weekend Garage
【Akito】So everyone's cool with this set list for our next event?
【An】Yeah, I have no complaints. This is probably the best song order based on today's practice too.
[Sound] se00006
【An's Father】Welcome! Whoa, it's you...! Long time no see!
【Customer】Hey, Ken. It's been a while. I was hoping to talk to you about something... Hm?
【Customer】Wait, they're all already here! Perfect timing!
【Kohane】Hm? Is that customer looking our way?
【An】Huh? Hey, isn't that...
【Customer】You're Vivid BAD SQUAD, right? Mind if I request a song?
【Kohane】Huh?
【Akito】Old friend of yours?
【An's Father】Yeah. He worked as sound technician in a live house nearby and we often went for drinks after a show.
【An's Father】He helped me with a lot of stuff when I opened this shop too, like the sound system for the stage area.
【Old Regular】I was out of the area for work and only came back recently. I decided to go to a live house for the first time in a while and saw you guys perform.
【Old Regular】You obviously had great potential so I just had to talk to Ken about you guys.
【Old Regular】I had no idea it was actually you and your friends, An! I thought it sounded like your singing style, but what a pleasant coincidence.
【An】Haha, I've grown up a lot since you last saw me. Were you surprised to learn it was me?
【An's Father】Her ego's grown a lot bigger too.
【An】Say that again, dad?
【Old Regular】Haha. You two haven't changed at all.
【Old Regular】Anyway, mind if I ask you guys to sing something?
【An】You don't even have to ask! Alright, everyone! Let's do this!
【An】His advice is always spot on, so he can definitely help us!
【Akito】If that's the case, I don't mind at all. I'm not about to turn down a request from one of Ken's friends.
【Kohane】Yes! Same here!
【Toya】Same.
【Akito】Let's see... Then why don't we do that thing we're planning to do for our next event?
【An】Yeah! Maybe we should film it too... This'll be the first time we actually perform it on stage after all.
【An】Dad, can you film us with my phone? Just press this button once we start.
【An's Father】No problem.
【An】Awesome! Let's make it a good one, guys!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
【Old Regular】Bravo! Bravo! That was fantastic! Thank you! You've made my day!
【An】Haha. You're more than welcome!
【Old Regular】Your voice is so much more powerful than before too, An. Not to mention your stage presence! I couldn't look away!
【Old Regular】As for you, the versatility of your voice really added depth to the group's performance.
【Old Regular】And the way you sing sounds emotional, but is actually the result of carefully observing those around you. It provides a good balance for the team.
【Old Regular】And you... Your voice never wavered even during the difficult parts. This sort of pitch accuracy had to have come from years of hard work.
【Old Regular】Each member shines in their own way and that's exactly why I'm excited to see how far you can go as a group!
【An】Thanks so much! And we won't disappoint you because we're gonna be the ones to surpass RAD WEEKEND one day. Just you wait!
【Old Regular】Great! You have my support!
【Akito】Alright, that's all for today. Remember to meet here instead of at the park tomorrow because we'll be rehearsing with actual equipment.
【An】Got it. Kohane, tell your dad we can't wait to meet him!
【Kohane】I will! I'll be sure to give him the tickets and event flyer too.
【Toya】(Maybe I'll do some solo practice after this....)
【Toya】(Dad's still going to be awake now so...)
【Old Regular】Oh, hey. Do you have a minute?
【Toya】M-Me...?
【Old Regular】Yes. I was just wondering... It's unusual for kids your age to sing on pitch so well.
【Old Regular】Could it be that you have experience with classical music?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Toya】...!
【Toya】Yes, that's right. I've been doing it since I was little.
【Old Regular】I knew it! It all makes sense now.
【Old Regular】Maybe that's why your singing felt... You know, rigid at times.
[Sound] bgm00038
【Toya】Huh?
【Old Regular】I feel like your performance would be more interesting if you tried expressing yourself in your own way a little more, you know...?
【Old Regular】That said, you should absolutely nurture your existing talents too. Your pitch accuracy is the backbone of the team, so keep working on it!
【Toya】I... I see... Thank you.
【Toya】(My singing feels rigid...)
【Toya】Excuse me, Shiraishi. Can I see the video you just took?
【An】Sure, of course! I'll send it to you later.
【Toya】Great, thanks.
[Background Change] bg_a002303
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Akito】See you tomorrow, Toya. Don't practice too hard on your own, okay?
【Toya】I know. I won't.
[Sound] se00104
【Toya】The video Shiraishi sent... Here it is.
【Toya】<♪————>
【Toya】(He's right...)
【Toya】(Akito, Shiraishi, and Azusawa's singing is more free-form and expressive.)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Toya】(But mine is...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_c001401
[Sound] bgm00016
【Toya's Father】That's not the right rhythm. Do it again.
【Toya's Father】Read the sheet music more carefully and stick to it. How many times do I have to tell you this?
【Toya's Father】No deviations whatsoever!
[Background Change] bg_a002303
【Toya】Am I...
【Toya】Am I being held back by classical music...?
[Sound] bgm00000
