【Momoi Airi — Sweet Moment〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Sweet Moment（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: My Color!
scenarioId: 007006_airi02

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy
【Airi】Alright, everyone's here!
【Haruka】Yes. Let's discuss our plans for the next livestream.
【Airi】We've come up with a lot of different ideas. Which one do you think we should go with?
【Shizuku】What do you think about going with Minori's idea for behind-the-scenes videos?
【Haruka】I think it's a great idea. We never really get the chance to show those kind of things as idols, so I'm sure the fans will find it interesting.
【Minori】Yeah! I thought so too! That's why I suggested it!
【Airi】But you actually suggested it because you want to see what Haruka's like, don't you?
【Minori】Hahaha... Why would I...?
【Airi】Oh, Minori... Regardless, it's still a good idea.
【Airi】But I have an extra suggestion regarding this. How about we turn it into a series instead of just making it a one-time thing?
【Shizuku】A series?
【Airi】Yeah. A lot of the ideas we've had for material so far have kind of been one-and-done deals, right?
【Airi】Which is great, don't get me wrong. You can watch them in any order, so it's super easy for new viewers to join at any time.
【Airi】But I think coming up with a different idea every single time is gonna exhaust us really quickly.
【Minori】O-Oh, you have a point...!
【Haruka】We've had plenty of these planning meetings, but it's true that our content is all starting to meld together.
【Airi】I was thinking the exact same thing. Which is where this idea for a series comes in!
【Airi】Even variety shows on TV bring back their most popular segments over and over again, right? Think of it like that.
【Minori】That makes sense! But do you think we can come up with something so interesting that people will want to keep watching it?
【Shizuku】That does seem rather difficult...
【Airi】Don't worry! I think we can make pretty much anything work as long as we decide on an overarching theme.
【Airi】Maybe something like... A My First Attempt! theme. The first episode could be about cooking, the second could be sewing and stuff like that!
【Shizuku】Oh, cooking and sewing together does actually sounds like a lot of fun.
【Airi】This is just an example, okay?
【Airi】The goal of this series would be to have the fans get to know more about us by having a theme that lets us be ourselves.
【Shizuku】Oh, really? I was hoping to try a nice tofu dish with everyone.
【Airi】That's not the point. We can do that another time.
【Airi】So what do you say? Wanna try coming up with some ideas for a series?
【Minori】Yeah! But we need to come up with a theme first, right?
【Airi】That's right. Maybe it'll help to think of something you want to do as a group!
【Shizuku】Something we want to do as a group...?
【Shizuku】Hehe. I know what I want to do. I'd love to go to Phoenix Wonderland together.
【Shizuku】I've been wanting to spend a whole day there with everyone here.
【Airi】You just went straight for something on your personal to-do list, huh...? Well, at least you're starting to get the idea, so keep 'em coming!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【Airi】Wow, that's a lot more than I was expecting!
【Airi】This should be plenty of material to test out alongside our usual one-offs!
【Airi】We can take the most popular ones and keep running with them...
【Haruka】But I feel that we could expand on some of our other videos with follow-up episodes as well.
【Airi】Yeah. And maybe we could have a little competition to see whose idea does the best!
【Airi】Hehe. This is gonna be fun!
【Minori】I think so too! It's like we're really producing a show!
【Airi】Well, that's because we are.
【Airi】We're making our very own channel for the fans to enjoy!
【Airi】(I never expected that having experience with all those variety shows would turn out to be so helpful like this.)
【Airi】(They say you never know when a skill might come in handy. I guess they're right.)
【Minori】Airi, is that it for today's meeting?
【Airi】Let's see... Why don't we go ahead and decide on an order for all of these ideas?
【Airi】In other words, it'll be our program schedule. It's just as important, so let's give it some real thought!
【Minori, Haruka & Shizuku】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
