【Hanasato Minori — Chasing My Seniors〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hanasato Minori
Card: Chasing My Seniors（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: The Warmth of a Guiding Hand
scenarioId: 005028_minori02

[Background Change] bg_a006003
[Caption] Ryusuiso - Peony Room
【Minori】We're going home today... Time sure flew by...
【Haruka】It really did. The hot spring was really refreshing, the food was delicious... It's such a shame that we have to leave.
【Airi】But there's still breakfast, so let's try to enjoy every second we have left here!
【Airi】Wait, that reminds me... It's actually almost time for breakfast. We need to move all the bedding and our stuff off to the side.
【Shizuku】Yes, let's do that...
[Sound] se00048_b
【Proprietress's Voice】Good morning. Would now be a good time for us to start serving you breakfast?
【Minori】Wow! Talk about perfect timing!
【Haruka】Everything's cleared away... Yes, please. That would be excellent.
[Sound] se00380_b
【Proprietress】Pardon the intrusion.
【Minori】Wow! It already smells amazing! What do you think they're serving?
【Proprietress】Hehe. We'll bring each item to you one at a time, if you don't mind giving us a moment.
【Airi】Oh, Minori...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Wow...
[Sound] bgm00171
【Minori】Salt-baked salmon! One of my favorites! Hehe. I'm so happy!
【Proprietress】Ah, Ms. Hanasato, I didn't realize that you were the salmon connoisseur I heard about.
【Minori】Huh?
【Proprietress】Ayaka told me that one of you likes salmon very much and would really enjoy it if we served some.
【Proprietress】So, I decided to serve the largest salmon we had. I'll place it right here in front of you, Ms. Hanasato.
【Minori】Th-Thank you! I don't know what to say!
【Minori】(Saito remembered what my favorite food was...!)
【Proprietress】There we are... Now, ladies, please take your time and enjoy.
【Shizuku】Thank you very much.
[Sound] se00468_b
【Minori】Yes! Let's dig in!
【Haruka】I'm so happy for you, Minori.
【Minori】Me too! This salmon's one thing...
【Minori】But I think I'm even happier about Saito remembering my favorite food!
【Airi】You are?
【Minori】Yeah! I've been noticing lately that our fans are starting to remember some of the things I've been saying on our streams. Like my favorite snacks and the cosmetics I use, you know?
【Minori】Some have been posting about it on social media. One person said, “I use the same cosmetics!” and another said, “I went out and bought some of those snacks you recommended, Minori.”
【Minori】Someone even wrote a letter to me saying how they're going to buy from the same brand as me the next time they go shopping.
【Minori】Reading things like that really makes it feel like people are starting to know who I am.
【Minori】I feel so happy knowing that I've grown as an idol!
【Airi】Yeah, I think I know what you mean.
【Haruka】I remember feeling the same thing when I was still in ASRUN. When I read things like that that fans had said, it made me realize how much they supported me.
【Shizuku】Yes. Of course, the fans who've been longtime supporters are all very important.
【Airi】But we need to do our best to keep showing the newcomers all new sides of us. Which means we gotta keep growing.
【Minori】(She's right. I can't be happy with where I am currently...)
【Minori】(The others all have more experience than me and have fans who've been supporting them for a really long time...)
【Minori】(And they're still doing their best for them.)
【Minori】(I have the least experience out of all of us, so I shouldn't be letting my guard down! That means I need to try even harder and harder and harder!)
【Minori】Alright, I'm gonna power up by eating as much as I can!
【Airi】What are you talking about all of a sudden...?
【Haruka】In any case, this is a perfect power breakfast. Salmon is packed with the protein that you need for strength training.
【Shizuku】Hehe. Then I should also eat up and try to get the most out of this meal.
【Minori】Hehe. But I'm gonna eat much more than you!
[Sound] bgm00000
