【Kusanagi Nene — Getting You Snacks〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kusanagi Nene
Card: Getting You Snacks（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Deeper and Deeper
scenarioId: 015045_nene02

[Background Change] bg_d007001
[Caption] ArcLand
【Nene】Phew... Another hard workshop...
【Emu】Oh, Nene, let's sing a song that'll turn your frown upside down!
【Nene】We did enough singing today, so I'll pass...
【Tsukasa】I understand how you feel. We were given quite an earful today regarding our singing...
【Tsukasa】But it was also an incredible experience. I mean, THE Natalia Santi was our teacher today.
【Nene】And her lesson was so detailed.
【Nene】She went over everything from emotional expression to breath control...
【Nene】It was really amazing how she was able to go around to all of us and give everyone good advice.
【Tsukasa】Yes, it was.
【Tsukasa】Speaking of her, Nene, you seemed to spend a lot of time talking to her.
【Nene】Huh?
【Tsukasa】Remember how we broke off into groups to practice that song? I couldn't quite make out what you two were saying from my corner of the room, but...
【Emu】Yeah, I also saw you two talking!
【Emu】Ms. Natalia was smiling so much! But you looked like a nervous robot, Nene!
【Nene】Of course I was nervous. Who wouldn't be while talking to Natalia Santi?
【Tsukasa】So, what did she tell you?
【Nene】So, she told me that I had a good understanding of the song, and that I did a good job of channeling my feelings into it.
【Tsukasa】Oh, and that's coming from a renowned actress...! Congratulations!
【Emu】Hehe♪ After all, she is Wonderlands×Showtime's famed songstress!
【Nene】Y-You guys are blowing things way out of proportion...! She went over what I was missing too, all sorts of stuff...
【Nene】Still, to be fair, I'm glad she did.
【Tsukasa】Of course. The workshop is far from over, after all. Things you're missing now are things you can grow into.
【Emu】She taught us some good training regimens too, so let's do our best together!
【Nene】Yeah, you guys are right.
【Nene】But I really need to study more...
【Emu】Study? Are you talking about singing?
【Nene】No, English...
【Nene】We were able to communicate thanks to the interpreter they had present...
【Nene】But I would have liked to be able to speak with her directly. Little nuances can be so important for acting, and singing too.
【Emu】Yeah, it's really important to be able to picture if you wanna be ba-bam or more tra-la-la!
【Nene】I'm not sure about your choice of words... But yeah, that about covers it. It's just even harder to express in English.
【Tsukasa】*Nod* We will need to have good language skills in the future.
【Tsukasa】If we're serious about performing around the world, then that's something we won't be able to avoid.
【Nene】Hmm...
【Tsukasa】What is it? Why the look of surprise?
【Nene】No, what you just said reminded me of our trip to the United States.
【Nene】It feels like you've grown a lot from that time when you tried to just bulldoze your way through conversations.
【Tsukasa】If I have, it's precisely because of that experience.
【Tsukasa】I do still believe that gumption and enthusiasm can take you far. However, that incident was a painful lesson in the importance of vocabulary even so.
【Tsukasa】Getting to meet these teachers from abroad is a golden opportunity for us. Perhaps the time has come for us to grapple with English in seriousness!
【Emu】Yeah! I wanna work harder on my English, too!
【Emu】I wanna learn more about how amusement parks are run overseas!
【Nene】You two sound really motivated.
【Nene】So, once this workshop is over, why don't we start holding some study sessions for English and stuff?
【Tsukasa & Emu】Yes! Yeah!
【Nene】(English, huh...)
【Nene】(Come to think of it, Shiraishi and Shinonome did a lot of studying before going over to the United States.)
【Nene】(I might ask them what they did to prepare after they get back.)
[Sound] bgm00000
