【Hanasato Minori — Look What Else They Have!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hanasato Minori
Card: Look What Else They Have!（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Relaxing Tea Time
scenarioId: 005033_minori01

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Vacant Classroom
【Airi】Alright, we're all here! Let's begin today's planning meeting, shall we?
【Minori】Yeah!
【Haruka】You sure sound excited, Minori.
【Minori】Hehe. That's because Airi and I did a ton of research just for today!
【Airi】I take it you two also did a fair bit of research?
【Haruka】We did. It only seems right to try to answer this person's question as best we can.
【Shizuku】Yes, and we found quite a few fun White Day gifts at affordable prices.
【Airi】Hey, so did we. Right, Minori?
【Minori】Yup! Some were so good that I'm seriously starting to think about getting them myself.
【Haruka】Then, why don't you two start us off?
【Minori】Okay! A-Ahem...
【Minori】We'll start by presenting... This! Shiny candy jewels!
【Shizuku】Oh, they're beautiful...! These are really candy?
【Minori】Yeah! And they make great, little gifts because they're individually wrapped.
【Airi】Not only that, they're all based on birthstones, which means you can tie your gift to a person's birthday.
【Shizuku】I had no idea that they made candy like this.
【Haruka】Me neither. And they look so real. Who wouldn't enjoy receiving these?
【Airi】Yeah, they look amazing. But they also came up with a great tagline for these. “The gift of everlasting brilliance.”
【Shizuku】That's so wonderful. But it's a shame that they need to be eaten...
【Airi】Anyway, you two are up.
【Haruka】Okay, just give us one second.
【Shizuku】We found...this! A make-your-own chocolate fortune teller!
【Minori】Wait, what?! This looks just like one of those omikuji boxes you see at shrines...
【Haruka】That's exactly what it is, Minori.
【Haruka】However, this one is different because you get to make your own fortunes.
【Minori】Huh? Your own?
【Haruka】For example, you can have it produce only great blessings, or make ones that say, “Your luck will increase if you talk to me.”
【Airi】I see. That'd be a nice way to break the ice with someone you don't talk to normally.
【Shizuku】Yes! Imagine how fun it'd be to have a friend draw a fortune from this.
【Minori】Yeah! They get a nice gift and have it presented to them in a fun way!
【Haruka】Alright, we're off to a nice start. Let's keep showing each other what we found.
【Minori】Okay!
【Minori】Hehe. I can't wait to see what else you two found, Haruka.
【Haruka】Likewise. I'm looking forward to seeing what else you and Airi found.
【Minori】Really?! Then, let's show that thing next!
【Minori】We didn't actually buy it, but we found a really big piece of candy!
【Airi】Oh, that? We couldn't help but take a picture because it was so big.
【Shizuku】It was that big? Can we see it, Airi?
【Airi】Yeah, one sec.
[Sound] se00183_b
【Airi】Okay, this is what we found...! A huge lollipop!
【Haruka】Whoa, it's so big...!
【Shizuku】Yes! Bigger than a person's face...!
【Minori】I know, right?! It was huge!
【Minori】And there are apparently a few different ways to eat it! One is to break it into individual rings!
【Airi】You can also break it into pieces with a group of friends using mallets like you do for a barrel of sake.
【Haruka】Breaking it into pieces seems a bit of a shame, but doing it with friends does sound like fun.
【Minori】Yeah, it'd be so memorable!
【Minori】And I'm sure OneMillionFriends actually has a lot of friends in real life.
【Minori】They'll get to look back on this White Day and reminisce about what they did for the rest of their lives!
【Shizuku】Especially since you and your friends from school can be in the same class one year and completely scattered the next.
【Haruka】I feel like this is a good way to approach this topic.
【Airi】I agree.
【Airi】But we can analyze and draw conclusions after we've presented our results.
【Haruka】Good point.
【Minori】So, Haruka, Shizuku, back to you two!
【Haruka】Okay. Next, this other thing we found...
[Sound] bgm00000
