【Kiritani Haruka — This Place I've Returned To〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: This Place I've Returned To（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: At The End of The Unraveled Thread
scenarioId: 006023_haruka01

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
[Sound] se00018
【Shizuku】Oh, Haruka, good morning.
【Haruka】Morning, Shizuku. You're here early.
【Shizuku】Yes, I thought I should review the script again since our shoot is coming up.
【Shizuku】And I want it to go well since it'll be our first time appearing on TV as MORE MORE JUMP!
【Haruka】Right.
【Haruka】(She seems pretty motivated.)
【Haruka】(And it's not just us she's worried about...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Shizuku】I had no right being the lead in the first place. Especially since I couldn't do anything for the others and ended up leaving the group...
【Shizuku】So, since we've been given an opportunity to appear on TV alongside Cheerful * Days, I'd like to make the most of it.
【Shizuku】I have to make up for what happened back then...
[Background Change] bg_a000801
【Haruka】Let's do our best and figure out a way to make our shoot a good one when we appear with everyone from Cheerful * Days.
【Shizuku】Oh...
【Shizuku】Yes, I'd like that very much.
【Shizuku】At the same time, I feel so bad about this...
【Shizuku】It's our first time appearing on TV, but I'm making you all worry about me.
【Haruka】We understand, Shizuku... However, we chose to appear on iHaz as a group.
【Haruka】So, there's no turning back.
【Shizuku】Right...
【Shizuku】I'm such a mess... If only I were a stronger person.
【Haruka】I think you already are, Shizuku...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】What...?
【Haruka】Remember what we talked about on that one program we were on together? You had just been chosen to be the lead for Cheerful * Days.
【Shizuku】Yes, of course I remember.
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_c001301
【Shizuku】You really are amazing. The best of the best. It's like you're shining even brighter in person than when I see you on TV...
[Sound] bgm00039
【Shizuku】I want to meet my fans' expectations too, but I'm not sure I can get myself to do what you do, Kiritani...
【Haruka】I'm sure you can, Hinomori.
【Shizuku】Huh?
【Haruka】You thinking this hard about what you can do for your groupmates and fans means that you're trying your best.
【Haruka】Being the lead means there will be added pressure and responsibilities compared to everybody else...
【Haruka】But I'm sure you'll be just fine, Hinomori.
[Background Change] bg_a000801
【Shizuku】I had so little confidence in myself back then, which led to you having to cheer me up, Haruka...
【Haruka】Oh, is that how you saw our conversation...?
【Shizuku】Did you see it a different way...?
【Haruka】I meant what I said that time.
【Haruka】It was clear to me that you genuinely cared about your fans and were doing your best for them.
【Haruka】The way you sang and performed was proof of that fact. Your hard work speaks for itself.
【Haruka】I know you did your best to take responsibility as the lead. I also know that it was hard. So hard that it occasionally brought you to tears.
【Haruka】But despite all that pain, you kept trying. You didn't run away.
【Haruka】That means you're not a weak person.
【Shizuku】Haruka...
【Haruka】Also, you may see our first TV appearance involving Cheerful * Days as a bad omen of sorts... But I actually think it's a good thing.
【Shizuku】What...?
【Haruka】I had a feeling that this would've happened sooner or later anyway. And what happened with Cheerful * Days still weighs on your mind, right?
【Haruka】So, in order for you to just be yourself moving forward, I think it's good that you're being given an opportunity to clear the air now.
【Shizuku】*Gasp* So I can be myself...
【Haruka】*Nod*
【Shizuku】I see.
【Shizuku】You're saying that... Just as I can't be like you, Airi or Minori, none of you can be like me, yes?
【Haruka】Exactly. You have a number of qualities that only you possess, Shizuku.
【Haruka】So, I'd like it if we could work together and push each other forward.
【Shizuku】Me too...! Thank you, Haruka.
[Sound] bgm00000
