【Hanasato Minori — Painful Honesty〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hanasato Minori
Card: Painful Honesty（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: From the Marks Left Behind
scenarioId: 005032_minori01

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Minori】So, I'd like for us to start discussing talk segment ideas for the shoot the day after tomorrow!
【Miku & Rin】Okay!
【MEIKO】Are you sure about none of you being tired? You already spent a lot of time today house hunting and had that meeting at the TV station to boot.
【Minori】Thanks, MEIKO, but we've still got plenty of energy!
【Shizuku】We may be substitutes for another group, but this is still a very big opportunity for us.
【Haruka】Exactly. And we want to send in our idea today since there isn't much time left until the shoot.
【Len】Anyway, you said that you're supposed to come up with your own segment. Does anyone have ideas for it?
【Minori】Yes, I've got one!
【Luka】Already? That's impressive, Minori♪
【KAITO】So, what's your idea?
【Minori】My idea is...! A quiz about weird floor plans!
【Rin】A quiz about weird floor plans?
【Minori】While we were moving between those different houses today, Ms. Kawanishi told us about some other properties!
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a001301
【Kawanishi】There's actually an interesting property right near here.
【Kawanishi】It's very spacious and includes three rooms, but they're all meant for bathing.
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Miku】Wait, does that mean they're all bathrooms?!
【Minori】Yeah! One with a jacuzzi, another with a hot stone bath and the last one included a steam room!
【MEIKO】Wait, if they're all bathrooms, is there nowhere to sleep?
【Shizuku】That's right. Apparently, the original owner loved bathing so much that they decided to design multiple rooms just for that purpose.
【Haruka】We were told that a heated waterfall was also in the works.
【Len】A heated waterfall? As in a regular waterfall but with hot water?
【Airi】Yeah, but it ended up being too hard to build a room for it from scratch.
【Airi】The owner was so set on having a waterfall that they ended up moving out. As a result, this house is now available for rent.
【KAITO】They moved out? Having a heated waterfall was that important...?
【Miku】Hehe. I hope their new home has what they want.
【Rin】Me too♪ Wait, hang on. You said something about a quiz.
【Minori】Yeah, the question for this house would go something like...
【Minori】The original owner of this house loved to do a certain thing so much that they decided to build three rooms with said activity in mind! What are these rooms for?
【Rin】Oh, cool!
【Minori】Hehe. The basement bedroom for this other house we heard about was called the “vampire room”. There were a lot I could turn into fun quiz questions!
【Len】Yeah, this is turning into an interesting quiz!
【Haruka】I agree. This could work, provided we can explain why we're doing a quiz on this topic.
【Minori】Huh?
【Rin】Why? Because it's fun and interesting.
【Haruka】Those are both important, but this quiz seems a bit out of place...
【Haruka】For example, who should present a quiz based on funny responses to gags? An idol or a comedian?
【Minori】Well... A comedian, right...?
【MEIKO】Yes, I see. It would be odd for an idol to suddenly start talking about real estate.
【Haruka】And we can't just tell everyone the truth by saying that these are all houses we heard about from an actual realtor while searching for our own...
【Minori】Right... But I thought I'd come up with such a fun quiz.
【Airi】Hey, it's way too soon to give up on that idea.
【Airi】We're being asked to appear on short notice this time, so we could sort of blur things by saying that we saw some interesting rentals while walking by our local real estate agency.
【Airi】It's still not something idols would talk about normally, but we could try saying, “Has this ever happened to you?”
【Haruka】Yeah, that might actually work...
【Minori】Really?!
【Shizuku】Hehe. I'm so glad for you, Minori.
【Minori】Thanks! Now all we have to do is ask Ms. Kawanishi if we can talk about these, right?!
【Haruka】We can also ask to see if we can get the actual floor plans for these properties.
【Shizuku】But will we receive them in time? Our shoot's in just two days...
【Airi】Right. The producer also has to sign off on it, so we might want to come up with a backup plan just in case.
【Haruka】But we already have a viable option thanks to Minori, so we should have no problem replying today.
【Minori】Hehe. You're giving me too much credit.
【Airi】Well, we're not about to let you hog all the glory.
【Shizuku】Hehe. I agree.
[Sound] bgm00000
