【MEIKO — As A Fan〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: As A Fan（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Beyond The Dream of That Day
scenarioId: 025022_meiko01

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Haruka】Thank you all for your advice. I have a much better idea of what to do now.
【MEIKO】Hehe. You're very welcome♪
【Rin】See you later, Haruka!
【Haruka】Okay, see you!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
【Luka】Haruka seemed much better compared to when she arrived just earlier.
【MEIKO】Yes, I'm glad we could help.
【MEIKO】Still, I didn't realize how tough it could be to decide whether or not to appear on TV...
【Miku】Me neither... Especially since it's a big opportunity for MORE MORE JUMP! to really increase their name recognition.
【Luka】Yes, it is. But Shizuku and Airi have had some bad experiences in the past...
【MEIKO】Which means it's incredibly important right now for them to give this appearance a lot of thought. For them and the sake of MORE MORE JUMP!
【MEIKO】But as things stand... I'd like to see them on TV.
【MEIKO】As long as they remain true to their feelings, I believe that everyone will hear their message loud and clear.
【Rin】Yeah, me too♪
【Miku】Wow, they're really going to be on TV...! They've come such a long way.
【MEIKO】Yes, they have. Former top idols being in this group has also attracted a lot of attention.
【MEIKO】And successfully putting on a solo show has only given them a bigger boost.
【Rin】That's so awesome! I wish I could go on TV! I bet it'd be so much fun!
【Luka】Oh, by the way, Rin, what kind of program would you like to be on?
【Rin】Hmm... A music one! I wanna sing and dance and make everybody smile!
【Luka】I see. That sounds like a primetime music program.
【Rin】Oh, what about you guys? What kinds of TV shows would you want to be on?
【MEIKO】I think I'd like to appear on a variety show!
【MEIKO】How fun would it be to do one of those quiz segments and the winner gets to perform a song?
【Miku】Oh, that does sound fun!
【MEIKO】Right? Oh, but I'm also interested in documentaries.
【MEIKO】I can see it now. “It was a long road that was full of obstacles, but these girls overcame all of that to reach this stage.”
【MEIKO】It'd be so dramatic too! With tears, laughter, everything!
【Luka】Hehe. You really do love those kinds of stories, huh♪
【MEIKO】Yes, I do!
【MEIKO】How about you, Miku, Luka?
【Miku】Hmm... TV... Oh, it might be fun to do an on-location one!
【Miku】Traveling to various cities, interviewing the people who live there and seeing beautiful sights sounds really interesting!
【Luka】I see. That sounds like a fun travel show.
【Luka】As for me, a show that lets me eat all kinds of delicious food to my heart's content would be perfect♪
【MEIKO】Hang on one second. We were talking about what kinds of TV shows we'd all like to appear on. You just sound like someone with an empty stomach.
【Everyone】Haha. Hehe.
【Rin】Oh, what do you think Len and KAITO would say if we asked them about this?
【MEIKO】Yes, I'd like to know as well.
【Luka】Hehe. Variety shows may suit him, but I have a feeling that Len would want to star in a TV drama.
【Luka】I remember him mentioning the other day that he wants to learn how to be a more expressive singer and hone his acting skills.
【Miku】I didn't know that...! Len's really talented, so I bet he'd be a wonderful actor.
【Rin】Then, what about KAITO?
【MEIKO】I'd say a show that involves animals. I have a feeling that he'd enjoy taking care of little critters.
【Rin】Yeah, that sounds perfect!
【MEIKO】Now I'm curious. Why don't we go find them and ask them for ourselves?
【Miku】Good idea. It'll be interesting to see if we guessed correctly♪
【MEIKO】Then, let's go ask them!
【Luka, Miku & Rin】Yeah♪
[Sound] bgm00000
