【Momoi Airi — That's So Unfair!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: That's So Unfair!（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: The Sounds of a Summer Festival!
scenarioId: 007011_airi01

[Background Change] bg_a003603
[Caption] Summer Festival Fairgrounds
[Sound] se00034
【Airi】Wow, I was wondering why so many people were wearing yukatas and stuff...
【Shizuku】Hehe. They're having a festival today!
【Airi】Yeah, it could be fun! Wanna check it out since we're here?
【Shizuku】Sure!
【Shizuku】Oh, there's so many people. I wish Minori and Haruka were here to see this.
【Airi】Yeah, it's too bad they're off at the Seaside School.
【Airi】We can at least take some pictures and show them later.
【Shizuku】Yes, let's!
【Shizuku】Oh, look! We can play ring toss or try catching some goldfish!
【Airi】Well, yeah. It wouldn't be much of a festival if it didn't have those.
【Airi】Anyway, let's look around, take some pics and tell them about it tomorrow or something.
【Shizuku】Okay, that sounds good.
【Shizuku】Now that I think about it, it's been quite a while since I last went to a festival like this.
【Airi】Same. Hmm... Maybe not since elementary school...?
【Shizuku】Oh, it's been about that long for me too. I remember going to the festival put on by our local shrine with Shii and our mother while wearing yukatas together.
【Airi】Yeah, my sisters and I used to save up just for that and go together the three of us.
【Airi】Looking back, those really were fun times.
【Airi】Oh, wait! Have you seen any stalls selling chilled pineapples? My little sister absolutely loved them...!
【Shizuku】That does sound nice. Caramel apples and cotton candy are also good options.
【Airi】Yeah, those too! I get that it's bad manners to eat while walking around...
【Airi】But it's a festival, so whatever, right? It was nice to sort of do whatever we liked...
【Shizuku】Yes, I see. In my case...
【Shizuku】...
【Airi】Hm? Shizuku, what's up? You stopped partway...
【Shizuku】It's just... I remember festivals being a lot of fun, but I always somehow ended up alone for some reason...
【Airi】Alone... You kept getting lost, didn't you?
【Shizuku】But Shii would never let me hold her hand.
【Airi】Okay, okay. Just promise to be a little more careful. You're an idol, so you need to keep a low profile and not cause a fuss by getting mad.
【Shizuku】Yes, I understand. I'll make sure not to lose sight of you, Airi!
【Airi】You really shouldn't have to try so hard to do that... It's a festival, so let's just try to have fun, alright?
[Sound] se00034
【Airi】Hey, Shizuku, they're selling caramel apples over there...
【Shizuku】Yes, I see. Hehe. I think I'll buy one for Shii.
【Airi】I don't see why not.
【Airi】Hmm... Maybe I should get stuff for other people too.
【Shizuku】You mentioned that your younger sister likes chilled pineapples, no?
【Airi】Yeah, but it's not like she really likes pineapples or anything either. I just sort of start looking for them instinctively when I'm at festivals now.
【Shizuku】Oh, I think I know what you're saying. We think that these things taste better because of the occasion, yes?
【Airi】Yeah, exactly!
【Airi】That really takes me back...
【Airi】The festival my family and I used to go to was one of the biggest local events of the year.
【Airi】They even had bands and other artists come as guests and perform on-stage...
【Shizuku】That does sound like a big event. The one I always went to usually had a much more traditional feel to it.
【Airi】That's usually how it is.
【Airi】Still, the stage seemed a little jury-rigged, and all the guests were mostly local amateurs. In that sense, it really felt like a hometown affair, you know?
【Airi】But...
【Airi】That was also just around the time I started thinking about becoming an idol and even thought that I might even be performing on that stage one day.
【Shizuku】Hehe. I can see you up there already, Airi, dazzling everyone with your smile.
【Shizuku】By the way, that stage you mentioned... Did it look anything like that?
【Airi】Huh?
[Background Change] bg_a003503
[Background Change] bg_a003603
【Airi】Hey, you're right... I didn't realize that there was a stage there.
【Airi】And a pretty big one at that. It has all the equipment it could ever need too...
【Airi】Do they have guests scheduled to perform or something?
【Shizuku】Airi, we still have quite a bit of time, so why don't we go see what's going on with that stage?
【Airi】Yeah, sure!
【Airi】First, let's get some drinks to stay hydrated. Then we can just sit back and enjoy the show.
【Shizuku】Sure!
[Sound] bgm00000
