【Momoi Airi — Sweet Moment〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Sweet Moment（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: My Color!
scenarioId: 007006_airi01

[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Diner
【Shizuku】Okay, Airi! Order anything you like!
【Airi】Sure, thanks... But you're really okay with paying?
【Shizuku】Of course. You're the one who helped me find my answer, so think of this as a token of my appreciation.
【Airi】You don't have to do all this, you know.
【Airi】(Well, I guess she does seem to be having fun. Plus, I can't pass up an opportunity to enjoy this Japanese sweets fair.)
【Airi】Then I guess I'll have to take you up on your offer. But they all look so good... I don't know which one to get.
【Shizuku】In that case, we can just get one of each? Excuse me.
【Airi】Hey, hold on! There's no way the two of us can eat that many! Oh, sorry about that! Could we have just a moment please?
【Airi】Oh, these look delicious!
【Shizuku】They sure do. Mmm... I haven't had anmitsu in quite some time. It's delicious.
【Airi】This matcha parfait is really good too. Wanna try some?
【Shizuku】Sure. Here, you can have some of mine too. And try this warabimochi parfait as well.
【Airi】Don't mind if I do.
【Airi】(We ended up getting a lot but it looks like we won't have any trouble finishing it all.)
【Shizuku】Oh, Airi. There's something that's been bothering me for a while.
【Airi】Hm? What's that?
【Shizuku】You compared me to a swan before that one time.
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a001002
[Background Change] bg_a001101
【Airi】Yeah, I remember... What about it?
【Shizuku】If I'm a swan, I was wondering what animal you would be. I've been thinking about it for some time, but I just can't seem to find the perfect fit.
【Airi】The perfect animal, huh? Wasn't there some fortunetelling thing that matches you to an animal?
【Shizuku】Oh, there was. But I can't remember where I saw it...
【Airi】I'm sure a quick search will tell us. Now where'd my phone go?
【Airi】Oh, here it is! How about we both give it a try?
【Shizuku】Okay!
【Shizuku】Phew... That took longer than I expected!
【Airi】Seriously... How does it take you ten whole minutes to answer a few simple questions?
【Airi】Anyway, what animal did you get?
【Shizuku】Let's see. It says here I'm a rhinoceros.
【Airi】A rhinoceros?! Definitely not what I would've gone with, but what does it say about you?
【Shizuku】Let's see... As a rhinoceros, you are a hard worker whose strong desire to improve yourself drives you towards achieving your goals.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Huh. I see... That's actually pretty on the nose.
【Shizuku】However, when you have no interest in something, it shows on the surface, and you also tend to bumble around carelessly.
【Airi】Huh?
[Sound] bgm00015
【Shizuku】Furthermore, you know exactly what you like or dislike and have a strongly fixate on the things you like.
【Shizuku】I-I didn't realize... Is this the real me?
【Airi】No! There's no way...!
【Shizuku】You don't think so? What does yours say, Airi?
【Airi】It says that I'm a lion.
【Shizuku】Oh, that's a great animal. They're so strong but fluffy too.
【Airi】I guess they are cats after all, so they're not completely lacking for cuteness.
【Airi】Let's see... As a lion, your strong sense of justice makes you a natural leader. You also have a strong, rebellious spirit and are unbending in terms of what you believe in.
【Airi】Furthermore, you also take great care when it comes to your outward appearance.
【Shizuku】Wow! That's very accurate!
【Airi】Yeah, I guess so. There's still more.
【Airi】However, your unyielding personality negatively affects your ability to flourish in the real world.
【Airi】An inability to compromise with others means you will have great difficulty succeeding in the workplace.
【Airi】You also tend to set your expectations too high, so it may be best to reassess your goals in life.
【Airi】Try your best to strive for something realistic and reachable...?!
【Shizuku】A-Airi, please calm down...
【Airi】I-I am calm...
【Airi】(Shizuku's was way off, so why is it that mine is actually somewhat accurate? This isn't funny.)
【Airi】There were a few questions that I wasn't sure how to answer, so maybe we can try again.
【Shizuku】Hehe.
【Airi】Hey, what's so funny?
【Shizuku】You just reminded me of when we were idols-in-training. Do you remember that time we all went to visit the shrine during New Year's?
【Shizuku】You got a fortune that said, great curse, so you kept pulling new ones until you got one that said, great blessing.
【Airi】H-Hey! Why do you remember stuff like that?!
【Airi】Just forget about that, will you? It's definitely not something I want to remember.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】Really? I admire how you're never dissuaded and always try to push forward, no matter what.
【Shizuku】I thought I could learn a lot by following your example.
【Airi】Huh?
【Airi】If that's what you want to do, then be my guest.
【Shizuku】I will! In that case, I think I'll take the quiz one more time as well.
[Sound] bgm00020
【Shizuku】This time, I'll do my best to get something that matches perfectly!
【Airi】That's the example you're going to follow? And it's not really a fortune if you manipulate it to make it match...
【Shizuku】...
【Airi】(Whatever. As long as she's having fun, I guess...)
【Shizuku】Oh, Airi. It looks like I won some sort of raffle.
【Shizuku】It says, You're today's lucky winner! Answer a few easy questions and get a free appliance!
【Airi】What?! W-Wait, Shizuku! That's definitely just a scam!
【Shizuku】Let's see. Do I just tap here and...?
【Airi】STOP! I just said that's a scam! Quick, get away from that site!
[Sound] bgm00000
