【Hoshino Ichika — Leo/need〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hoshino Ichika
Card: Leo/need（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 001002_ichika02

[Background Change] bg_a001001
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Saki】School was great today! I can't wait for tomorrow♪
【Ichika】You really like school, you weirdo.
【Saki】What's not to like about spending the day with my friends!
【Honami】Hehe. It's nice that we're all going to the same school.
【Saki】Yeah! I missed it so much, I'm just loving every day of it♪
【Ichika】I guess I'm having more fun too now that you're back.
【Ichika】And we can always talk about band stuff, and ask for advice with anything that didn't go so well when rehearsing.
【Honami】Oh? Ichika, are you having some problems you want to discuss?
【Ichika】Not at the moment, but there's something else I've been thinking about...
【Ichika】Shiho, is there any way we can practice without our instruments?
【Ichika】Sometimes I want to go over a song when I have some time before a class, but obviously I don't have my guitar with me.
【Shiho】I often imagine playing while listening to songs. Other than that, I do finger exercises.
【Saki】You do what?
【Honami】She practices the finger movements for playing.
【Saki】Ah, that rings a bell, actually! I had to do that for my piano lessons too.
【Ichika】I remember seeing this scene in my dad's band manga where one artist was using a packet of cigarettes to exercise his fingers.
【Shiho】Using a small box can work, but not a cig box.
【Honami】That'd get us in trouble at school.
【Shiho】As long as it's about the same width as a guitar fret, any box is fine for that.
【Saki】Let's see if we can find one for Ichi, so that she can practice with it!
【Ichika】What, now? People may have other stuff to do, Saki...
【Honami】I'm free. I was just going to go back home after school.
【Shiho】Same, I don't have work today. Besides, I know how frustrating it is when you want to practice so bad but don't have the kit.
【Ichika】Thanks, guys.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002401
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] Main Street
【Saki】So... We've been to the convenience store, and the drugstore...
【Honami】And we picked up some boxes from the discount store, too. I think we have a pretty good assortment?
【Saki】Yeah. Pick the box you think's the best from your haul! Mine's this, a fancy chocolate bar box!
【Ichika】Mine's the bandage box.
【Honami】The gummies box for me.
【Shiho】Everyone went for something different. I think this candy box is best.
【Shiho】Why don't we have Ichika try all of them out?
【Ichika】Okay, except Saki's.
【Saki】Whaaat?! Why's mine no good?!
【Ichika】The thickness is okay, but it's too wide.
【Honami】Oh... I think mine will be too thick.
【Ichika】None of the boxes is just right.
【Ichika】The one I picked isn't perfect either.
【Shiho】Mine's about the same size as yours.
【Saki】In that case we have no choice but to resort to...DIY!
【Ichika】Are we going to...build a box?
【Saki】You said the chocolate box was the right thickness, but it was too wide, right?
【Saki】So we just need to cut it to the right size!
【Shiho】Oh, you mean like doing it yourself.
【Saki】DIY!
【Honami】Well, if you want to call it that.
【Ichika】I think she just likes the sound of it.
【Saki】Let's go to my house!
【Saki】We can share this chocolate bar, and then we use the empty box to make a tool for Ichi to practice her fingering!
【Ichika】Hehe, okay. Thank you for doing this for me.
[Sound] bgm00000
