【Megurine Luka — Brand New School〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Megurine Luka
Card: Brand New School（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 024030_luka02

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Luka】Alright, let the strategy meeting for our SEKAI opening ceremony begin.
【Rin】Yeah!
【Luka】Firstly, I asked Honami to run me through what happened at their opening ceremony again. Of the things she mentioned, I listed up a few that seemed important for ours, so I'll write those on the blackboard.
[Sound] se00343_b
[Sound] se00343_b
【Rin】Um... The opening remarks, the school anthem... The principal's... What does that say?
【Luka】“Salutations”.
【Luka】The principal's salutations—as in the talk they give.
【Rin】Well if that's what you mean, you shouldn't write it all complicated.
【Luka】Oh, but doesn't “the principal's salutations” sound more elegant than “the talk the principal gives”?
【Luka】Plus, the opening ceremony is meant to be taken very seriously and must be done properly, so they use these kinds of grandiose expressions.
【Rin】Huh...
【Rin】Oh, that reminds me! Is it true you can't talk while the ceremony's going on?
【Luka】Yes, it is.
【Rin】Yikes... What am I gonna do...? I might not be able to stay quiet for even a minute.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rin】Hey, hey, what are we gonna do for the school anthem?
[Sound] bgm00006
【Luka】It'd be a lot of work to put a school anthem together, so how about we see if we can find a song that fits the mood?
【Luka】I'll be the principal, so I'd like to ask you to be the vice principal and run the ceremony.
【Rin】That means I'm the MC, right?! Woohoo, I get to talk!
【Luka】While that is true, just know everything you say is scripted.
【Rin】Whaaat?!
【Rin】Aaall rise!
【Luka】Rin, no stretching out the words you say. Try saying it quick and cool, like “All rise!”.
【Rin】Right, quick and cool! Okay!
【Rin】All rise!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00078
[Caption] A few days later
【Miku】I never thought we'd have an opening ceremony...
【MEIKO】But it sounds interesting. And Luka and Rin apparently put in a lot of work preparing for it.
【Len】I'd been wondering lately about what those two were sneaking around for, but I guess this was it.
【KAITO】Oh, they're here...
[Sound] se00046_b
【Miku】Huh...?
【Len】Something about them feels different from...
【Rin】Silence, please. All rise!
[Sound] se00347_b
【Rin】First, the opening remarks. Principal Megurine, if you please.
【Luka】Now begins the first SEKAI Opening Ceremony.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rin】Phew, it's over...!
[Sound] bgm00024
【Luka】Well done, Rin. You were a very dignified vice principal.
【Len】Totally! I was so shocked when you suddenly came out all, “Silence, please.”
【Rin】Hehehe. I was super cool saying all those fancy words so confidently, wasn't I?♪
【MEIKO】Yes, very. And you were a great principal, Luka. You were so gentle while still having this sort of commanding presence.
【KAITO】Right... And I was surprised how proper those salutations were...
[Sound] se00053_b
【Luka】A year consists of months that play out one after another. Thinking of it this way makes a year seem long, and it feels as if we have plenty of time at our disposal.
【Luka】However, what about when we consider that a month is made up of individual weeks, and a week of individual days?
【Luka】To go further, a day is made up of individual hours, and an hour of mere minutes.
【Luka】When you consider this, does it change the way you feel about the time you thought you had so much of?
【Miku】Hearing Principal Luka's talk really made me want to treasure my time.
【Luka】Hehe. I'm glad I managed to act like a true principal.
【Luka】So Rin, were you able to get a taste of what an opening ceremony is like?
【Rin】Yeah, I got a big huge taste of it!
【Rin】I kinda wondered what could be so interesting about it when I heard I wasn't allowed to talk freely and nobody would be saying anything fun...
【Rin】But I think I understand what you meant when you said it's meaningful because it's done seriously!
【Len】Seriously, huh...
【Len】Yeah, outside of our performances, it was pretty new to be so serious that we couldn't laugh about doing something.
【Rin】Yeah, after the closing remarks, I got this feeling like, “Alright, let's do this!”♪
【Luka】In that case, we were able to achieve our original goal.
【Rin】Yeah! Thanks so much for suggesting this, Luka!
【Luka】It was my pleasure, I had a wonderful time putting it together with you.
[Sound] bgm00000
