【Azusawa Kohane — Happy Birthday!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: Happy Birthday!（BD）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 009016_kohane01

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] One week until Kohane's birthday
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A
[Sound] se00046
【Kohane】Good morning.
【Kohane】Huh? There's something on my desk... What is this? An invitation...?
【Kohane】(Wow, it's covered in Phenny stickers! But wait... It doesn't say who it's from...)
【Minori】Morning, Kohane!
【Kohane】Oh, Minori, good morning!
【Kohane】I found this invitation on my desk when I got here. Do you know who it could be from, Minori?
【Minori】Yeah! You know who they are, Kohane. I'm sure you'll figure it out once you open it.
【Kohane】Really? Okay, I'll take a look.
[Sound] se00077
【Kohane】Let's see... “You are cordially invited to see a special show we will be putting on to celebrate your birthday.”
【Kohane】“You will be able to bring along up to ten of your friends and family besides yourself free of charge. We will be awaiting your arrival.”
【Kohane】“As our gift to you, we at Wonderlands×Showtime wish to give you, our 'Number One Fan,' an amazingly wonderhoy birthday celebration!”
【Kohane】A special show?! By Wonderlands×Showtime?!
【Emu】That's right!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Kohane】Eep! E-Emu?!
【Emu】Hehe. Operation Surprise Invite went off like a charm♪
[Sound] bgm00006
【Minori】Yay!
【Kohane】Operation Surprise Invite? Does that mean you made this, Emu...?
【Emu】Yup! Allow me to explain further☆
【Emu】You already know about how there's a special plan that lets visitors celebrate their special day at Phoenix Wonderland, right, Kohane?
【Kohane】Yeah. My family and I have been making use of that every year for birthdays.
【Minori】Whoa! The true PXL Master!
【Kohane】Hehe. But hold on... That plan just includes a meal in the special Phenny Room where Phenny and his friends stop by for a visit.
【Kohane】I don't remember anything about a special show...
【Emu】Heh heh heh. There's a chance of it becoming a part of that package now♪
【Kohane】What?! R-Really?!
【Emu】Yup! We want everyone who chooses to celebrate their special day at Phoenix Wonderland to have more fun than ever before!
【Emu】That's why we asked if the other cast members could help us specially put on an original show as part of that celebration☆
【Kohane】An original show?!
【Kohane】That sounds amazing! I'm sure everyone who loves PXL also loves the show stage, so they'll probably really enjoy that!
【Emu】Right? I asked my brothers and they said we can give it a try♪
【Minori】Oh, right! Your brothers are the ones who run the park.
【Emu】Yup! They love Phoenix Wonderland just as much and even put together a list of visitors who've already experienced all these plans.
【Emu】Which included your name, Kohane!
【Emu】That's when they asked me to hear what you think since you're my friend and should give me an honest opinion.
【Emu】So, Kohane... If it's alright with you, we'd like to try putting on a show for you to celebrate your birthday!
【Kohane】Emu...!
【Kohane】Of course! I can't believe this is really happening! Not only that, I get to actually help PXL grow as a park!
【Emu】Thanks...! We promise to give you a really, really fun show!
【Minori】Congratulations to you both, Emu, Kohane!
【Kohane】Thanks! I must be dreaming! Wonderlands×Showtime is gonna celebrate my birthday! I can't wait!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Sound] bgm00054
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【An】Cool. And they invited you to this special show?
【Len】That sounds like so much fun! Do you think we can get a peek in too?
【Kohane】Yeah, I'm sure you'll get that chance.
【KAITO】I'm interested in seeing it as well.
【MEIKO】Alright, just be sure to keep an eye on Rin and Len for me.
【Miku】What happens if KAITO's the one who gets excited for his own good?
【KAITO】Hmm... I can't deny that as a possibility.
【MEIKO】That's when you're supposed to promise it won't happen...
【Luka】Haha! I still can't believe they're giving ten of your friends and family free one-day passes.
【Kohane】Just for that day. Based on what I was told, they want as many people as possible to see this test show.
【An】Which is why you're inviting, Haruka, me and everyone else to come along. Are you gonna have enough left for your mom and dad?
【Kohane】Oh, my dad already has an annual pass, so he's all set. He even said that I should invite as many of my friends as I can.
【Toya】Okay. In that case, let's all go together.
【Akito】Yeah, it's not like we have anything else to do since we decided to take a break on her birthday.
【An】Alright, that settles that! We're gonna do everything we can to give you as big a celebration as Tsukasa and his troupe!
【Kohane】Hehe. Thanks!
【Kohane】Oh, there's actually someone else I've been meaning to ask!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000301
[Sound] bgm00032
[Caption] Kohane's birthday
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Sound] se00049
【Mizuki】Kohane! Thank you so much for inviting me!!
【Kohane】Hi, Akiyama! You made it!
【Mizuki】Of course! On top of it being your birthday, Kohane, I wasn't about to pass up a chance to participate in something like this♪
【An】Yeah, you gotta hear this. Mizuki was supposed to have supplementary classes to take some tests and quizzes today, but managed to get them out of the way early.
【Kohane】Wait, really?! I'm sorry. I had no idea...
【Mizuki】Don't worry about it! Just my way of shaking some of the rust off.
【Akito】Honestly, sometimes I have no idea how you pull off these things.
【Mizuki】Hehe. That's it. Shower me with praise.
【Akito】Not happening.
【An】Anyway, can you remind me when Minori and her group are gonna meet up with us?
【Kohane】Oh, she said they'll meet us at the Wonder Stage because some of them have morning practice.
【Mizuki】That means we can do whatever we want until then!
【Mizuki】Where do you wanna start? How about the haunted house over there?
【An】W-Wait! It's Kohane's birthday! Should we go where she wants to go?
【Kohane】Oh, that reminds me. When should we let Miku and the others know when to join us?
【Toya】Well... There's still a chance they'll be seen right now, so probably not until just before the show starts.
【Akito】Yeah... Also, it's your birthday. You should be having fun instead of handling logistics. Look, you're keeping An and Akiyama waiting.
【An】Kohane! Let's go!
【Kohane】Okay! Let's all have as much fun as we can today.
【Akito & Toya】Alright. Yes, let's.
[Sound] bgm00000
