【Hinomori Shizuku — Giving The Perfect Smile〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hinomori Shizuku
Card: Giving The Perfect Smile（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: All Ways Jump! With You
scenarioId: 008046_shizuku02

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Shizuku】What a beautiful day. The sun feels amazing, and this is perfect weather for a picnic.
【Airi】Yeah. On the other hand, we might be in too urban a setting to call this a picnic.
【Minori】But it's nice to have lunch on the rooftop like this since it's been so long.
【Haruka】Ever since the Lumina Grand Prix started, we've been spending a lot fewer days at school.
【???】<Can we talk for a second, girls?>
[Sound] se00028_b
【Minori】Oh, Luka! What do you wanna talk about?
【Luka】<I came over to ask if those black fragments had caused any lingering aftereffects.>
【Shizuku】I see. Thank you for showing us so much concern, Luka.
【Haruka】Aftereffects... I haven't been feeling any. How about the rest of you?
【Airi】Me neither.
【Luka】<That's good to hear. Are you all about to have lunch?>
【Haruka】Yeah. We were all scheduled to come to school today, so Shizuku asked if we'd all like to have lunch together.
【Shizuku】Hehe. After having that dream, I felt like coming back up here with everyone.
【Airi】We did dance up here during that dream.
【Shizuku】Exactly. I began feeling all of this nostalgia about all of the things that happened up here.
【Minori】I know what you mean. Everything also began rushing back for me.
【Minori】That includes dancing up here all by myself. And I met you for the first time up here, Haruka!
【Haruka】I remember. I accidentally walked in on Airi and Shizuku having an argument.
【Airi】In retrospect, the way we met was hardly ideal.
【Shizuku】After that, we began practicing together, and we ended up forming MORE MORE JUMP!
【Shizuku】We even did our very first stream up here.
【Haruka】There was so much trial and error in the beginning. Remember how many discussions we had about what we'd be actually doing?
【Shizuku】Yes... That really takes me back.
【Shizuku】Back then, I really had no idea how to present myself to the public...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】And I ended up causing you all so much trouble.
【Shizuku】Because I was so convinced that I had to keep being “perfect” in order to satisfy my old fans.
【Shizuku】But...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Luka】I'm willing to bet there are plenty of people out there who would support you for who you are.
[Background Change] bg_a001002
【Airi】I think you might know one of them. Her name is Minori.
【Airi】She loves both the Shizuku from Cheerful * Days and the Shizuku she's gotten to know.
【Airi】You should've seen how passionate she was when she started talking about how much she wants your fans to know just how amazing you are.
[Background Change] bg_a000801
【Shizuku】I'm able to show everyone who I really am because of all your encouragement.
[Sound] bgm00039
【Airi】Shizuku...
【Shizuku】If that stream never happened, then I might've just kept on trying to be that perfect version of myself.
【Shizuku】I would've been like the me from that dream. I probably would've kept telling myself to be the person that everybody wanted me to be.
【Shizuku】So, allow me to take this opportunity to say it again...
【Shizuku】Thank you all for what you did for me back then.
【Minori】Hehe! We're also glad that we were able to learn how wonderful a person you really are, Shizuku.
【Luka】<I also feel that way.>
【Luka】<I love how you're such a hard-working girl who's a little absent-minded at times, but also very cute♪>
【Luka】<So, Shizuku, just keep being yourself and keep spreading hope to lots and lots of people.>
【Shizuku】Yes, I will...!
【Shizuku】Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to dominate the conversation like that.
【Haruka】No, it's nice to reminisce. I'm really enjoying all this nostalgia.
【Airi】Now we've started, why don't we talk about all the other stuff we've done up here while we eat.
【Shizuku】Yes, I'd like to hear what you all have to say.
【Minori】Then, I'd like to start us off!
【Airi】You're gonna talk about Haruka, aren't you?
【Minori】What?! How did you know?!
【Luka】<Because of it's you, Minori. But...I am curious as to what memories you're going to talk about.>
【Shizuku】Yes, please tell us.
【Minori】You got it! This is a story that happened a long, long time ago when Haruka and I walked home for the first time.
[Sound] bgm00000
