【Megurine Luka — Gentle Wake-Up Call〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Megurine Luka
Card: Gentle Wake-Up Call（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Deeper and Deeper
scenarioId: 024047_luka01

[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Luka】I have those costumes, everyone.
【Miku】Oh, you brought so many! Thank you, Luka☆
【Rin】Look at all the pretty white clothes☆ Oh, this dress is really cute!
【Luka】Hehe. Our next show takes place in a world of clouds, so I felt that white costumes were the best way to go.
【Miku】Especially with how frilly and fluffy they are! That makes them feel so floaty too!
【Rin】Wow, yeah! We could even put wings on them!
【Luka】It'd be hard to live in the sky without wings, for sure.
【MEIKO's Voice】Okay, it's finished!
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_1
【MEIKO】What do you think of our background standee, everyone?
【Luka】Oh, it's so big.
【Miku】Wow! You two painted it all blue?!
【Len】Hehe. We put in a huge effort!
【Luka】We used cloth backdrops for the last show we did set atop the clouds, but this drawing is lovely.
【Len】We wanted to make the sky really pretty, so we tried painting it a bunch of different ways.
【Rin】It looks amazing♪ And it will go so well with our white costumes!
【MEIKO】Oh, that's wonderful to hear! Are you okay with this, KAITO?
【Len】Huh? Where's KAITO?
【Luka】He was nearby just a second ago... Oh, he's sitting over there.
【KAITO】...
【Miku】KAITO?
【MEIKO】You don't look very happy.
【KAITO】Hm? Oh...!
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_2
【KAITO】I'm sorry. I was just thinking about something...
【Luka】What is it that's bothering you?
【KAITO】So, it's about our props.
【KAITO】I've been thinking about how we're going to represent the clouds onstage, and I still haven't come up with a solution.
【Len】The clouds, huh... Do we want to make standees for those too?
【Miku】Or what if we did the same thing as that other time? With all the smokey smoke?
【KAITO】I thought about that as well. Standees would seem too rigid, and it'd be difficult to achieve the right effect with just smoke.
【Luka】Right. They need to look fluffy, since it's supposed to be a peaceful and happy world.
【KAITO】Exactly. I wish I could come up with a better idea...
【Luka】Fluffy... Fluffy...
【Luka】Oh, I know.
【Miku】Ooh, what?
【Luka】What if we used some fluffy, white cushions?
【Luka】They might look like real clouds if we made a whole lot and covered the stage with them.
【Rin】Wow, that's a great idea☆
【KAITO】Yes, that might just do the trick.
【Luka】Would it also be good to have a variety of sizes?
【Luka】Some that are big enough to hug, and some you could rest your head on.
【KAITO】I see. Having a variety could help the stage look more mystical.
【Luka】And we'll need to make them just the right softness. Not too hard, but also not too soft.
【Luka】I'd say fluffy in a way that they wrap themselves around you.
【Len】Yeah, fluffy. They'd definitely be like real clouds like that.
【Rin】That's amazing, Luka☆ You just keep coming up with all these great ideas!
【Luka】Hehe. That's because they're such important props.
【MEIKO】Still...
【MEIKO】Clouds that are soft, fluffy and wrap themselves around you could almost be used as pillows.
【KAITO】Pillows...
【KAITO】Speaking of which, I remember us talking a little while back about gathering up some fluffy fabric in order to turn into cloud-like pillows...
【KAITO】Along with how we could use them during a show and when we sleep.
【Luka】Yes. That's why we should take this opportunity to make as many as we can.
【KAITO】Haha. I had a feeling.
【KAITO】I was wondering why you were coming up with all these ideas to make them comfortable...
【KAITO】But with this concrete an image in mind, they should turn out well.
【Luka】Oh, does that mean you'll make them?
【KAITO】Yes. But they're props, so please try not to use them too much as pillows, okay?
【Luka】Of course. I'll be looking forward to seeing how they turn out.
[Sound] bgm00000
