【Hinomori Shiho — Not Used To Makeup〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hinomori Shiho
Card: Not Used To Makeup（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Here on Our Dream Stage
scenarioId: 004040_shiho02

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
[Sound] se00046_b
【Shiho】Thanks for waiting. Let's have another good practice today.
【Miku】There you all are. How was school?
【Luka】You were all so busy getting ready for Shibu Schools Fest until a few days ago, but now you're right back to your regular routine.
【Saki】It's kind of sad, right? It was so much fun, and now it's over.
【Ichika】Oh, speaking of Shibu Schools Fest. Have you all had a chance to see the video of the musical?
【Rin】Yeah! We were actually watching it just now♪
【Shiho】Huh? There's a video of the musical?
【Honami】Oh, that's right. The broadcasting committee took one, right?
【Ichika】Yeah, they're apparently thinking of doing the festival again in the future, so they wanted a reference video for the archive.
【Shiho】Really? This is news to me.
【Ichika】I also didn't hear about this video until after Shibu School Fest had happened.
【Ichika】But I brought it over for Miku and the others once I got my hands on a copy.
【MEIKO】The story was so beautiful. And it was a nice reminder of why music is such a wonderful thing.
【KAITO】*Nod* The cast also did a good job of acting.
【Len】Yeah, they did. Nice work, Ichika. I didn't know you were so good at acting.
【Honami】She did work on her acting skills quite a lot.
【Shiho】Remember that time after band practice when you suddenly asked me to stand here and pretend to be Lulu? You really startled me.
【Ichika】I know, but having someone to recite lines to made it easier for me to get into character.
【Saki】I remember that♪ I wanted to play Lulu too.
【Ichika】I didn't ask you because I knew you wouldn't have been able to stop yourself from giggling, Saki.
【Saki】What? I so would've stopped...
【Ichika】No, you're doing it now.
【Honami】Hehe.
【Miku】And we mustn't forget to mention the band's performance.
【Luka】Right. You also did a wonderful job, Shiho.
【Luka】I had a chance to listen to the band play as you practiced with them, and you always sounded good. But you were astonishing when it came to the real thing.
【Shiho】Yes, I felt the same way.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a001901
【Shiho】Sorry, I just don't want to cut any corners.
【Shiho】Our songwriters put a huge amount of effort into these songs, so I want to give them the respect they deserve.
【Shiho】After all, we only get one chance to play them together like this. If there's anything at all we can do, I want to do it. No regrets.
【Shiho】I hope you can understand where I'm coming from here.
【Band Member】Hinomori...
【Band Member】You're right... These kinds of opportunities don't come around often, so we should give it our best shot.
[Background Change] bg_f000101
【Shiho】Everyone in the band decided to give what I said a chance.
【Miku】*Nod* Anyone could see you really came together.
【Shiho】Thanks.
【Rin】Oh, Shih, that reminds me! You had makeup on during the show!
【Shiho】Yeah, so... They really sprang that idea on me.
【Honami】Hehe. It was your big day too, after all. I'm sure they wanted you to look just as sharp.
【Saki】Yeah♪ Oh, by the way, we caught a glimpse of you getting your makeup done.
【Shiho】Huh? When...?
【Honami】We were actually hoping to talk to the two of you before heading to our seats.
【Saki】But everyone was super busy backstage, and we didn't want to get in the way. So, we watched them put your makeup on for a bit, then headed back to our seats.
【Saki】Hehe. You seemed kinda embarrassed when they were putting that lipstick on you♪
【Shiho】No, the way they did it just tickled a little...
【Shiho】And while we're on the subject, I have to think you felt the same way, Ichika.
【Ichika】Umm... I don't really remember what happened while I was getting my makeup done.
【Ichika】I was focusing on ways to keep myself calm, and before I knew it they had finished.
【KAITO】It's very like you to do that, Ichika.
【Len】I guess that's one way to get yourself focused for the show.
【Rin】No fair. I wanted to see them getting their makeup put on too. They should have taken a video of that part, too.
【Luka】They said the recording was for reference purposes, right? Then I have to believe someone took video of everything that went on behind the scenes, too.
【Ichika】Probably. But I can't say for sure if that includes makeup.
【Shiho】There's no way they caught us right at that moment.
【Saki】Hey, we won't know until we actually see it for ourselves! Ichi, you gotta find it and—
【Shiho】Alright, I think that's enough chatting.
【Shiho】We have our hands full as it is getting ready for Jam Fest, so we're gonna get back in the saddle and practice like we really mean it.
[Sound] se00121_b
【Saki】Ichi... I'm willing to wait for as long as I have to for that video.
【Rin】Me too.
【Ichika】Okay, okay.
【Shiho】What was that...?
【Saki】N-Nothing! Honest! Alright, let's have a really great practice today♪
【Shiho】Honestly...
【Shiho】Anyway, let's get started.
【Ichika, Saki & Honami】Yeah! Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
