【Hoshino Ichika — Our New Song's Goal〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hoshino Ichika
Card: Our New Song's Goal（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Putting Feelings Into Words
scenarioId: 001012_ichika02

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] After School
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Classroom
【Shiho】Okay, I'd like to talk about selling tickets before we start practice today.
【Ichika】Sure, you have the floor.
【Shiho】Like I mentioned following our last show, the owner and manager have been giving us a free pass until this point. Starting next time, we'll have to start doing this.
【Ichika】We'll need to find people who might be interested in seeing us perform and sell them tickets, right?
【Shiho】Right. If we're serious about going pro, this is something we'll have to do eventually.
【Saki】Okay!
【Saki】And we can sell them to anyone, right?
【Shiho】Yeah. Usually, everyone starts with their friends or family, and work their way out from there.
【Shiho】Friends of friends can help too. Also, anyone you know from work.
【Saki】Okay, got it!
【Honami】And we'll need to sell thirty in total, which is at least seven a piece amongst the four of us.
【Shiho】Also, we break even when we sell all of them.
【Shiho】We have to pay for any that we don't sell, so be sure to keep that in mind.
【Saki】Yeah, but seven seems pretty doable, you know...?
【Shiho】It should be and I'm sure you'll find people who are interested. Unfortunately, not everyone will be able to make it or pay for these if they don't have a source of income.
【Ichika】Oh, that's right... Minori and Kiritani mentioned that they'd like to see our show...
【Ichika】But haven't been able to because of their stream schedule.
【Saki】That's so rough. They can't go even if they really want to...
【Shiho】And it might be tough to get everyone to come back a second or even third time.
【Shiho】Not everyone has that much free time or the money to come to these things. Interest alone won't be enough.
【Ichika】I suppose it won't...
【Ichika】That means we have to make it so they want to come back and see us again by actually buying another ticket.
【Shiho】Exactly. In other words, we'd be establishing our fan base.
【Saki】Whoa! Our own fans!
【Shiho】It won't be easy.
【Shiho】But if we develop a core group of fans, it'll make selling tickets just that much easier. And we'll need to keep practicing in order to accomplish that.
【Shiho】Again, if we're serious about going pro, we should be striving towards gathering as many people as we can in as big a venue as possible.
【Honami】And we just have to keep trying.
【Ichika】I see...
【Ichika】I'm guessing Iori and STANDOUT had to do what we're doing now.
【Shiho】Yeah, they did.
【Ichika】So we just need to keep at it.
【Saki】Yeah! We're gonna get a bunch of fans and make our big debut♪
【Shiho】That's easier said than done. A lot easier...
【Saki】We'll be fine. I mean, our second song gave us so much more trouble than our first one, so I think we're starting to understand what we're up against.
【Ichika】I agree. We're getting a good idea of what to prepare for now.
【Shiho】...
【Shiho】Thanks, you two.
【Ichika】Huh? Why are you thanking us?
【Shiho】Nevermind. Ignore that.
【Honami】Hehe...
【Shiho】Anyway, we're gonna need to keep practicing the same way we have until now.
【Shiho】And start selling tickets on top of that.
【Shiho】I know it won't be easy, but I think we can handle it.
【Saki】Yeah, as long as we're together!
【Saki】Whoa! I'm so fired up now!
【Honami】Okay, I think that should be enough for now in terms of tickets.
【Ichika】Sounds good! Shall we go practice?
【Shiho】Alright, let's go.
[Sound] bgm00000
