【Hatsune Miku — Yokohama? I Predict Good Food♪〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: Yokohama? I Predict Good Food♪（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: One Small Trip Before a Big Journey
scenarioId: 021034_miku02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Miku】Make sure to keep in sync♪ One, two, three, four!
【Minori】One, two, three, four!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm_area00002
【Haruka】Good work, everyone. Let's drill the next part tomorrow.
【Minori】Okay! Phew, it's over...!
【Luka】The steps midway were quite difficult, but the song's rhythm made it really fun to dance to.
【Airi】Yeah! I picked it since I thought it'd be good for refining our dancing.
【Minori】*Groan* Just when I thought I was finally able to start doing harder routines... I guess there is always going to be something harder...
【Shizuku】Yes, but once you gain the skills, you'll be able to do really cool routines and perform them for the fans.
【Airi】Also, we just had the rest of the souvenirs that you and Haruka brought for us. I think we broke quite a sweat and burnt those calories off, don't you?
【Miku】Oh, we also ate some before practice! The creamy caramel, the manju, everything was so yummy!
【Luka】You especially liked the creamy caramel, didn't you, Miku?
【Miku】Yeah. The castella and the chocolate cookies were really good too, but that was so sweet and melted right in my mouth...
【Miku】It was like a bite of pure happiness. I felt like I was going to melt away with the caramel.
【Haruka】Hehe, I'm glad you liked it.
【Luka】But at one point, Miku said that she was feeling a little regretful.
【Haruka】Huh?
【Miku】L-Luka! I told you to keep that a secret...
【Miku】Um, I wouldn't say I was regretful... But after we ate all of the souvenirs, I felt a little sad...
【Minori】Oh, right! We should've bought you all some more.
【Airi】Oh wow, Miku. I guess you really are quite the glutton—
【Miku】Aaahhh! No, no, no! I didn't mean to imply that it wasn't enough!
【Miku】It's just... They were souvenirs from your trip, so I was sad that they're all gone.
【Miku】When you receive souvenirs, you usually ask about where the person went and what they did, right?
【Miku】So getting those souvenirs felt like you were sharing your memories you made on your trip with me.
【Shizuku】Sharing memories... What a wonderful way to put it.
【Minori】So that's what you meant! We did only end up bringing back food and didn't think about getting anything you could put up for display.
【Haruka】That's true...
【Haruka】In that case, why don't we fill those holes of sadness by sharing more and more memories with everyone?
【Miku】Huh?
【Haruka】For example, with...this.
[Sound] se00055_b
【Shizuku】A phone?
【Airi】Oh, I get it! Photos!
【Haruka】Correct! I showed a few to Miku already... But there's still plenty more, so I thought I could tell you more about the trip while we look through them.
【Haruka】Also, I don't think you've seen the photos Minori and her group took either.
【Minori】Yeah! There's so many photos I want to show you all!
【Miku】...!
【Miku】Thank you, Haruka, Minori! I want to see all of your photos and hear everything about your trip!
【Shizuku】Me too.
【Minori】Okay, then let's start with my photos! Um, what to show first...
[Sound] se00183_b
【Minori】Here! This is when we arrived at Chinatown!
【Miku】Wow! It's the exact gate that's in the guidebook!
【Luka】It is. Hehe, Minori and her group are all smiling.
【Airi】Ah, so Kohane and Shiho were in the same group.
【Shizuku】Shii looks like she's having so much fun that even I'm smiling...!
【Airi】Smiling? Don't you mean fawning?
【Miku】Hehe. I get how Shizuku feels. I can't help but feel happy just seeing Minori and her group in this photo♪
【Luka】Me too. So did you all go and try the food after this?
【Minori】Yeah! Once we got in, we went to the nearest shop to get meat buns and then...
【Miku】(I read a lot about all of the different shops there and what each of them sold in the guidebook, but...)
【Minori】So I split it open with my chopsticks first like the staff at the soup dumpling shop told me to, and the soup was really hot and came pouring out!
【Minori】I was so surprised at how much there was and wondered if all of that was really in there from the beginning!
【Airi】Hold on, wait a minute. That sounds exaggerated.
【Minori】I-I'm not exaggerating! Here, look at this photo!
【Miku】(It's so much fun just listening to Minori and Haruka talk about their experiences...)
【Miku】(And since they're sharing these precious memories with us, I want to remember them too.)
【Miku】Hey, Minori. Can I see the soup dumpling photo too♪
【Minori】Sure! See? The soup looks like it's about to spill over the spoon, right? And then, after that...
[Sound] bgm00000
