【Aoyagi Toya — A Love Song Dedicated To You〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: A Love Song Dedicated To You（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: An Ode for the Pure of Heart
scenarioId: 012010_touya02

[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Class 1-B
【Toya's Classmate】Hey, Toya. There's something I want to ask you.
【Toya】Yes?
【Toya's Classmate】This wedding video's been going viral on social media, and I saw two guys that looked exactly like you and Akito in it...
【Toya】Yes, that's us. Someone passing by must've taken that video.
【Toya's Classmate】You serious?! This is what you guys do for work?!
【Toya】No, it's nothing like that. I was there because a friend of mine couldn't make it that day.
【Toya's Classmate】Oh, okay... But this was pretty surprising, you know? I mean, look, your dance moves are perfect!
【Toya's Classmate】When we're playing soccer during gym and stuff, you hardly ever do anything so I just assumed you weren't that athletic or something.
【Toya】Again, it's not quite like that...
【Toya】I understand the rules, but really don't know what I should be doing. I end up hesitating a lot because of that...
【Toya's Classmate】You don't know what to do?
【Toya】Yes. For tennis or volleyball, you just need to send the ball back to your opponent's half of the court.
【Toya】But for soccer or basketball, positioning is much more important and how you strategize is completely different, no?
【Toya】I'll spend most of my time just trying to think of what to do next, but the match is always over before I realize it.
【Toya's Classmate】Hahaha! That's pretty good!
【Toya's Classmate】At the same time, that means you really pay close attention to your surroundings and what other people are doing.
【Toya's Classmate】So if you can learn about more of the theoretical stuff, I can ask you to help us out too, with Akito...
【Toya】Come to think of it, you and Akito went to junior high together, right? Have you been asking him to help with the soccer club since then?
【Toya's Classmate】Yeah. Where I'm from, he used to be pretty famous!
【Toya's Classmate】He quit playing right after we started junior high and wouldn't talk to me for a while but...
[Sound] se00046
【Akito】Hey. What are you guys talking about?
【Toya's Classmate】Hey, it's Akito!
【Akito】Yeah, it's me. That reminds me, you brought back my textbook, right?
【Toya's Classmate】Oh, right! Here you go. Thanks a bunch!
【Akito】Yeah, yeah...
【Akito】Anyways, what were you talking about?
【Toya】The surprise show we did for that wedding we went to. Apparently, people have been posting videos of it online.
【Toya's Classmate】And I was saying how surprised I was by Toya's dancing and was wondering if I could ask him to help with the soccer club too.
【Akito】Oh, okay...
【Akito】He was sort of all over the place at first, but got better fast when he started to get the hang of everything.
【Akito】I think he even looked the best because of that metronome inside his head.
【Toya】Really?
【Toya's Classmate】Yeah, see what I mean?!
【Toya】But soccer seems like an entirely different story. Also, I work in the library so I really doubt that I have the time to help...
【Toya's Classmate】Dang...
【Toya's Classmate】But you like being active and moving around, right? You might not do a whole lot in gym and stuff, but you usually look like you're having fun.
【Toya】Having fun, huh...?
【Toya】Up until high school, I almost always sat on the bench and just watched. I never thought that I could have fun doing anything athletic like that.
【Toya】But you may be right. I think I am having fun...
【Toya's Classmate】You think? Dude, it's your life!
【Toya's Classmate】Okay, how about this? Let's go somewhere together and have some fun!
【Toya】Huh?
【Toya's Classmate】You know, that one arcade? The one with all the sports stuff!
【Akito】You really like that place, huh? Didn't you go there right before you took the entrance exam for this school?
【Toya's Classmate】It has the power to cheer anyone up. I mean, you go to that one cafe all the time.
【Akito】That's different. I'm not there to play around.
【Toya's Classmate】Alright, alright. So what do you say, Toya?
【Toya】...
【Akito】Toya...?
【Toya's Classmate】Not really your thing...?
【Toya】No, it's not that. You're sure about inviting me along?
【Toya's Classmate】Of course. The first time we ever talked was during the School Festival, and I thought you were pretty cool so...
【Toya】Really?
【Akito】Just accept it...
【Toya's Classmate】What he said.
【Toya】...?
【Akito】Alright, let's go next weekend or something.
【Akito】You've probably never been anywhere like this, right?
【Toya】No, I haven't.
【Toya】(When is the last time I went anywhere with anyone from school...)
【Toya】(I hadn't thought about it since forming BAD DOGS after I met Akito...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【MEIKO】As students, you get to experience so many different things, right?
【MEIKO】It all contributes to the ways you express yourselves.
[Background Change] bg_a000301
【Toya】(MEIKO did say that...)
【Toya's Classmate】Oh, mind if I invite some other people too? It'd be fun to have enough for a game of futsal!
【Toya】Sure, why not?
【Toya】And thank you for inviting me. I'll be looking forward to it.
【Toya's Classmate】Yeah! This is gonna be awesome!
【Akito】Haha! You're like a little kid!
[Sound] bgm00000
