【Kamishiro Rui — A Step Closer To My Dream〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: A Step Closer To My Dream（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Dear My Fellows
scenarioId: 016045_rui01

[Background Change] bg_a005701
[Caption] Cafe
【Rui】(Tsukasa and the others don't appear to be here yet...)
【Rui】(I think I'll look through that pamphlet I just bought while I wait for them.)
[Sound] se00122_b
【Rui】(The latest film by one of the giants of science fiction, and it's become the talk of the town.)
【Rui】(Not only were all the spaceships designed beautifully, the graphics used for the planets were just stellar.)
【Rui】(What would I need to do in order to create that sensation of being in outer space on the stage?)
【Rui】(Projection mapping is one idea, but that would make everything look two-dimensional. So...)
【???】Rui... Rui...
【Rui】It'd be best to bring things out to the audience. If I employ some drones, I could...
【Tsukasa】Earth to Rui!
【Rui】Ah, you're all here.
【Emu】Hehe. You finally noticed!
【Nene】You were mumbling something to yourself just now. Were you coming up with new effect ideas...?
【Rui】Hehe. The film I saw before coming here has helped me come up with quite a few.
【Tsukasa】Ah! What did you see?
【Rui】It was a science fiction film released the other day. It takes place in outer space, and is quite a fun adventure.
【Rui】I decided to go see it after hearing how stunning the graphics are.
【Nene】Oh, I might be interested in seeing that...
【Emu】Me too☆ Also, Rui, what kinds of ideas did you come up with?
【Rui】I was thinking of ways to take the computer-generated universe I saw and recreate it on stage.
【Rui】The sensation of traveling through a sea of stars, and watching stellar bodies as they fly right in front of you.
【Rui】It'd make for such a fun and stunning experience for the audience, don't you think?
【Tsukasa】The feeling of outer space in a theatre! How grand that would be...!
【Nene】It does sound pretty cool, but wouldn't it be hard to pull off?
【Rui】Yes. I'm wondering if I could use drones to act as stars and such...
【Rui】Which would mean somehow miniaturizing them, while also greatly reducing the noise they produce.
【Rui】But getting that to work would open up avenues to all sorts of other ideas.
【Emu】Ooh, like what?
【Rui】For example, how about a sword fight...?
【Rui】We could use drones to illustrate sword swings, afterimages and sparks as they parry. Wouldn't that be a sight to behold?
【Tsukasa】Oh, that'd be incredibly dramatic...!
【Rui】They could even be used during scenes that involve singing and dancing.
【Rui】In order to make a dance look more dazzling, the drones could fill the theatre with bursts of light.
【Rui】And dim drone lights in an otherwise dark theatre would create more of a mystical feel when people are singing. Those are just a few possibilities...
【Emu】We get to dance with magic lights...?! That sounds super duper fun!
【Nene】Yeah, and I'm curious what it'd be like to sing in that sort of setup.
【Rui】Yes, and it should also be a new experience for the audience.
【Tsukasa】You always seem to have so much fun when we have these sorts of discussions, Rui.
【Rui】Truth be told, there is nothing else that I find more enjoyable.
【Rui】Not just because it's fun to come up with ideas for shows, but also because I have friends who will help make them happen.
【Rui】Trusted actors who always seem to go well beyond my wildest expectations.
【Rui】All reasons why I can't seem to stop coming up with ideas.
【Rui】I've been inspired by quite a few other things, so I hope you're all looking forward to testing out my new ideas.
【Tsukasa】We should expect nothing less of our valiant director.
【Emu】Hehe. I can't wait to see what you come up with☆
【Rui】Incidentally... I've just come up with another idea.
【Nene】Just now? Does it involve those drones?
【Rui】Yes. For instance, they could be used during scenes that involve explosions.
【Tsukasa】Hm...?
【Rui】The audience would be able to enjoy a wonderfully compelling effect that's also perfectly safe...
【Tsukasa】Stop right there! Enjoying yourself is great and all, but leave explosions out of it!
[Sound] bgm00000
