【Hatsune Miku — How About Tickling?〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: How About Tickling?（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Tied By Painful Hope
scenarioId: 021025_miku02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Miku】So... Your dance routine?
【Luka】Yes. We learned to do this fun dance routine and were hoping you could see it♪
【Miku】Sure, but what do you mean by a “fun” dance routine...?
【MEIKO】Just sit back and find out♪ Here we go... One, two, three, four!
【Miku】Huh? No music?
【Haruka】I guess not. And they seem to be dancing like they usually do...
【KAITO】But they're changing their tempo or rhythm here and there at some interesting points...
【Miku】Yeah, and this looks familiar for some reason...
【KAITO】Wait, is it...?!
【Luka】Oh, I think KAITO knows.
【Luka】This is actually the dance we've been working on but in reverse.
【Miku】I-In reverse?!
【KAITO】That's astounding! Now I see what you meant by “fun”!
【MEIKO】See?
【MEIKO】Airi shows us some videos of these kinds of dances, so we decided to give it a try♪
【Miku】It's definitely what we've been practicing, but it looks completely different...
【Haruka】Miku, this means...!
【Miku】Yes! It's the same but not. It's the same but new...!
【Miku】This might be just what I need for my show!
【Luka】Your show?
【MEIKO】Oh, I remember you three discussing that.
【Miku】Yes. But I'm still amazed at how you can dance in reverse like that.
【Haruka】It can't be easy to master. Nor is it something you'd normally think of doing.
【Luka】But there were so many other videos like this. Some reversed each side-to-side motion and others involved dancing like you're looking at yourself in the mirror.
【Luka】They were so interesting that MEIKO, Airi and I ended up watching quite a few of them♪
【Miku】Wow, I guess there really are a lot.
【Miku】...
【Haruka】What's the matter, Miku...?
【Miku】I think I became too focused on my theme.
【Miku】My goal was to put on a show that let me get back to my roots, but that seems to have given me tunnel vision in terms of ideas...
【Miku】Revisiting my roots while hoping to try some new things sort of doesn't make sense now...
【Miku】I got so caught up in doing a show on my own that I'd forgotten about what I actually wanted to do during it.
【KAITO】Miku...
【Luka】Oh? I believe that's sort of nice every once in a while.
【Luka】I mean, good chunks of most shows are usually put together through feelings.
【Miku】Oh...
【Miku】Right. We're allowed to choose which songs we want to sing, all the effects we wish to try and a whole list of other things.
【MEIKO】Exactly! It's important to “do all the things you want” every so often during a show, right?
【KAITO】I agree! Having a theme or concept in mind is important, but seeing you driven by passion would be very new to all of us, Miku!
【Miku】Driven by passion...
【Miku】(That reminds me... When I was just starting to do shows in this SEKAI...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Miku】Everyone! We have so many songs in store for you today!
【Miku】Alright, Rin, ready♪
【Rin】Yeah!
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Miku】(I wasn't sure what to do during a show other than singing as many songs as I could.)
【Miku】Thank you all very much.
【Miku】I know what I want to do now.
【Haruka】You do?
【Miku】I'm going to sing all the songs I want to sing with absolutely everything I have!
【Miku】Because that's all I really did when this SEKAI was first born. I sang and sang and sang.
【Haruka】Really?
【Luka】I didn't know that either.
【Miku】Um, is something wrong?
【Miku】I have a feeling that going back to my roots like this will show all of you a new side of me.
【Haruka】Yes, I think it's a great idea!
【Luka】Me too. I'm looking forward to seeing your show.
【MEIKO】Me three. I can't wait to see this new side of you, Miku♪
【KAITO】Same. I'll be looking forward to it as well!
【Miku】Thank goodness...!
【Miku】Hehe. Stay tuned and get ready for the hottest Miku show you've ever seen♪
[Sound] bgm00000
