【Hoshino Ichika — Escape By Sea〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hoshino Ichika
Card: Escape By Sea（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: One Small Trip Before a Big Journey
scenarioId: 001024_ichika01

[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Caption] Red Brick Center - Building 1, 2nd Floor
【Haruka】What do you think...?
【Ichika】I think it's a pretty good disguise. No one's even looking our way.
【Haruka】That's good to hear. I guess it's thanks to this hat you've picked out for me.
【Sonoda】Hehe. You're welcome.
【Inoue】But coming up with a disguise is kinda hard, huh. If you go overboard hiding your face, it just makes you stand out more because of how suspicious you look.
【Saki】And Haruka looks good in everything. Whether it's a hat or some glasses, she just looks fashionable.
【Sonoda】Hahaha. But then that becomes a different reason for people to look.
【Ichika】I think there's a limit to what Kiritani can wear, though. Even if it is for a disguise...
【Saki】Tsk tsk tsk. You're naive, Ichi.
【Saki】Anything that looks lame on us, Haruka can pull off like a total supermodel!
【Haruka】Hehe. I think you have a little too much faith in me.
【Haruka】It seems like no one is looking at us while we're here chatting.
【Inoue】Okay then, let's go back to shopping!
【Saki & Sonoda】Yeah!
【Haruka】Hehe. Yeah!
【Ichika】(I wasn't sure what was going to happen after those elementary school kids noticed Kiritani, but...)
【Ichika】(With this, she should be able to have fun without having to worry anymore.)
【Sonoda】Oh, look over there! That looks like a decor shop.
【Saki】Wow! They're selling stuff from Scandinavia! That's so nice and chic!
【Haruka】Sounds interesting. Let's go have a look.
【Ichika】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00020
【Saki】Whoa! Look at this table! The wood is so pretty!
【Sonoda】These Scandinavian products have this really nice natural aesthetic to them.
【Haruka】They do. I'm sure putting some of these in a room would give it a calming effect.
【Inoue】I like the sound of that! Even just one or two cushions could totally make a vibe!
【Sonoda】Oh, the cushions are over that way. I was thinking about taking a look. Did you want to come with?
【Inoue】Really? Yeah, let's go!
【Haruka】I'll keep having a look at the lifestyle section here for a little bit.
【Ichika】I think I will too.
【Saki】Me too! Hope you find something good♪
【Inoue】Thanks! Alright, we'll see you in a bit!
[Sound] se00170_b
【Ichika】Oh, there's a catalog of the furniture over there. Want to have a look?
【Haruka】Yes, let's.
[Sound] se00170_b
【Ichika】Wow, this room only has a bed, a table and a dresser, and yet it looks so nice...
[Sound] se00383_b
【Haruka】You're right. I wonder if it's because it doesn't look too lived-in...
【Saki】Hey, check this out! Is it just me or does the placement of the furniture kinda look similar to my room?
【Ichika】Huh? Oh, you're right. The layout and the way they've put photos on the wall does look similar.
【Haruka】Oh, I see. Does it have the same feel too?
【Ichika】I'd say Saki's room is the total opposite. It has a much cuter look to it.
【Saki】What she said♪ I have a cute and colorful floor rug and decorated the room with stars♪
【Haruka】Hehe, a cute look, huh. I think I can picture that.
【Haruka】What's your room like, Hoshino?
【Ichika】My room? Nothing special, you know? I have a desk and my bed against the wall and a table in the middle.
【Ichika】And...two windows.
【Haruka】Oh, my room also has two windows. It's nice getting a lot of sunlight and having the wind come in during the summer.
【Saki】Oooh! Hey Haruka, tell us more about your room♪
【Haruka】I have my bed near the window and next to that is my desk.
【Haruka】Also... I have some wall shelves above my desk, and...
【Haruka】It's a little embarrassing, but I have penguin items around the room too. They're a combination of plushies I bought myself and ones given to me.
【Ichika】Oh right, you love penguins. So that means it's a pretty cute room, no?
【Haruka】I guess if I had to say so, then yes... But I also made space for my workout equipment, which doesn't quite fit the whole atmosphere...
【Ichika】Workout equipment?
【Saki】Like dumbbells and stuff?
【Haruka】Yes. I also have a push-up bar for when I do push-ups and a roller for ab workouts.
【Saki】That's amazing! I know that you go running and maintain a diet, but I didn't know you also do strength training!
【Haruka】I do. Although, these days I mainly do it to keep my body in shape.
【Haruka】To be honest, I actually want to collect more penguin goods and make my own little south pole...
【Saki】South pole?! Wouldn't you catch a cold?!
【Ichika】Why did you assume that she'll turn down the temperature too?
【Saki】Wait, what? I'm confused...
【Ichika & Haruka】Haha. Hehe.
【Ichika】But a room filled with all of your favorite things sounds nice...
【Saki】Maybe you should decorate your room with yakisoba bun cushions and stuff, Ichi.
【Ichika】Hmmm... That would be nice, but I think I'd be happier with Miku merch.
【Saki】Hahaha, true♪
【Haruka】Hey, would you mind telling me more about your rooms?
【Saki】Sure! I want to hear more about your room too!
【Ichika】Looks like Inoue and Sonoda will be a while, so we can keep chatting for a bit.
[Sound] bgm00000
