【Azusawa Kohane — Can't Wait For The Show〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: Can't Wait For The Show（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Special Present for You!
scenarioId: 009039_kohane02

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【Miku】Thank you for showing us all those wonderful Christmas pictures, Kohane.
【Kohane】Thank you as well. I had a lot of fun talking about what happened.
【Luka】You took so many good pictures♪ I really loved the one where everyone was visibly moved!
【Akito】Why are you looking at me...? It was a pretty spectacular scene, so I think it's safe to say that we were all moved by it.
【MEIKO】He's right. You shouldn't tease someone for giving an honest reaction.
【Luka】Okay...
【Toya】Still, Kamishiro really is an incredible director.
【An】I wasn't sure what was gonna happen after they got the news that the truck carrying their equipment got stuck in the snow.
【Akito】But he definitely deserves credit for coming up with a replacement idea on the spot like that.
【Kohane】Come to think of it, he did something similar when you helped with the flash mob for that wedding, right, Aoyagi?
【Miku】Oh, you were there to fill in for someone else, right?
【Toya】Yes. After Kamishiro heard that I'd be taking Tsukasa's place, he got a bit worried and came to see how I was doing.
【Toya】He even ended up helping direct the flash mob. Fortunately, we were able to accomplish our task.
【Akito】That was pretty hectic. You told me all of a sudden to come over and dance with you guys.
【An】I was just passing by, and I ended up dancing while wearing a tuxedo.
【Luka】You've told us that story a number of times already, but it always sounds like it was a lot of fun!
【An】That's because it was!
【An】The best part was how we got all these people who were just walking nearby and had nothing to do with the wedding to come and dance with us!
【MEIKO】Hehe. It's hard not to want to join in when you see so many others enjoying themselves.
【Kohane】How do I put it...? It's like Kamishiro really gets people and knows exactly what would be the most fun for everyone.
【Akito】He gets people, huh...?
【Kohane】Wait, did I say something funny just now?
【Akito】No, it's just... He knows how to get people to have fun, but he also has a talent for really pressing your buttons...
【Akito】Actually, forget I said that...
【Kohane】...?
【An】While we're on the subject, the performance we put on for the sports festival was also really awesome.
【Kohane】Oh, you mean for the cheering competition?!
【An】Yeah! When he said he was gonna have a few of us jump out of the windows, we all thought it'd be way too dangerous.
【An】But he made sure that we could pull that stunt off safely, and he was there every step of the way during practice.
【Toya】It's as if he's able to use his creativity to make the impossible possible...
【Toya】Again, he really is an incredible director.
【Kohane】He is!
【An】But he does also like to bring a lot of weird things to school and run strange experiments.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Kohane】Weird things? Strange experiments...?
【Akito】Now that you mention it, why does he do all this dangerous stuff whenever he's not putting on shows?
[Sound] bgm00200
【Toya】Dangerous...?
【Luka】Haha! Kohane and Toya seem completely lost.
【An】To be fair, Kohane doesn't know about the things Kamishiro does during the day and stuff...
【Akito】But you should.
【Akito】You saw him and Tsukasa get chased around by the teachers just the other day.
【Toya】Yes, but...
【Toya】When I tried baking those cupcakes a while back, Kamishiro was the one who gave me advice on how to make them better.
【Toya】Yes, he does stand out at school, but I see him as one of the most reliable seniors I know.
【Kohane】And based on what he said when we talked about the Christmas show, he just felt like a really nice person to me.
【Kohane】I mean, he seemed determined to put on a good show and send everyone home smiling.
【Akito】Yeah, but...
【An】We get that, but...
【Toya】I believe he's able to come up with all these different ideas because his knowledge is so vast.
【Kohane】Yeah, and his curiosity drives him to test things himself. Much more than his peers.
【Miku】Hear that?
【An】These two are so pure...
【Akito】Yeah...
【Luka & MEIKO】Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
