【Azusawa Kohane — Brand New Style〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: Brand New Style（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 009028_kohane01

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Vacant Classroom
【Cleanup Committee Chair】Thank you all for selecting me to be the chair of this committee. I promise to do my very best.
【Cleanup Committee Chair】Now, I see that we have a mix of both new and returning members here today, but I'd like to take this opportunity to explain the cleanup committee's roles and duties. Firstly...
【Kohane】(She's such a good speaker, and seems like a really cool senior...)
【Kohane】(I think Honami said they were on this committee together last year.)
【Cleanup Committee Chair】That concludes my overview. Does anyone have any questions they'd like to ask?
【First-Year】Oh, um... You said we're responsible for the flower beds in the courtyard and stuff. But that place is huge...
【Kohane】(Yeah, that sounds really hard considering how many flower beds there are...)
【Cleanup Committee Chair】Not to worry. The school custodian takes care of most of them. We are only in charge of a few.
【First-Year】Oh, okay! I'm sorry... I was worried that I wouldn't be able to spend as much time doing club activities...
【Cleanup Committee Chair】No, that's okay. I understand why you'd be worried since I'm also in a club.
【Cleanup Committee Chair】While we're on the subject, why don't we start discussing what kinds of flowers we're going to plant this year...?
【Kohane】(Oh, Honami was talking about this too...)
【Kohane】(Hehe. Which kinds of flowers should I suggest?)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000601
[Sound] se00170_b
【Honami】Kohane, what did you think of the cleanup committee?
[Sound] bgm00180
【Kohane】I had a lot of fun!
【Kohane】But I was a little nervous at first since I haven't participated in many committee discussions before...
【Honami】Really? Did the animal caretaker committee not have many group discussions?
【Kohane】We gathered in a classroom once to discuss who would be taking care of the animals on what days...
【Kohane】Aside from that, we usually gathered by the cages or the shed where all the food and supplies were.
【Honami】I see. It makes sense for taking care of the rabbits to take top priority.
【Kohane】Yeah. The teachers and more senior members taught me about how to take care of them.
【Kohane】But we never really talked about why our committee exists or anything like that. I had no idea that the cleanup committee would go into so much depth.
【Honami】Ahaha... The chair does like to take things seriously...
【Honami】Also, I feel a little bad about making you hear that explanation twice. I basically told you all of it already...
【Kohane】No, that's okay! It served as a reminder, and now I have all my ducks in a row.
【Kohane】Besides, I'm really glad we got to talk beforehand because I was so nervous during that meeting. I might've missed some things if you hadn't explained things to me earlier.
【Kohane】So, thank you for your help. I really appreciate it.
【Honami】Hehe. You're very welcome.
【Honami】Phew...
【Kohane】Honami...?
【Honami】Oh, I'm sorry. I feel a little relieved is all...
【Honami】You decided to join the cleanup committee after I told you about my own experiences...
【Honami】I wasn't sure if you'd enjoy it, or if it would become too much of a burden.
【Kohane】(Honami...)
【Kohane】(I didn't know she'd been giving my decision so much thought.)
【Kohane】(She's such a nice person.)
【Kohane】Don't worry! Yes, I was nervous today, but I'm really looking forward to when we're supposed to meet next.
【Kohane】I mean, we'll get to plant the flowers that everyone suggested today, right?
【Kohane】Which means we can plant the ones you and I suggested, together.
【Honami】Oh...
【Honami】Hehe. Yes, that's right.
【Kohane】Let's do our best together, Honami.
【Honami】Yes, let's both do our best as members of the cleanup committee.
[Sound] bgm00000
