【Hanasato Minori — Aiming To Be An Idol!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hanasato Minori
Card: Aiming To Be An Idol!（1★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 005001_minori01

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A
【Minori】Uh...
【Kohane】Why are you closing your eyes? You didn't sleep well last night?
【Minori】No, that's not it. I'm trying to do a menial rehearsal.
【Kohane】M-menial rehearsal...?
【Kohane】(What's a menial rehearsal?)
【Kohane】(Minori is aspiring to become an idol and often practices on the rooftop after school. I'm sure she does so at home too, so maybe that's what she meant by menial?)
【Minori】Kohane?
【Kohane】Ah, sorry. Don't mind me. I was just wondering, what exactly do you do for a menial rehearsal?
【Minori】Well... I've been watching a DVD of this particular idol recently. The singing and dancing is so cute!
【Minori】So a menial rehearsal is where I think about what it would look like if I'm the one singing and dancing instead.
【Kohane】Oh... So you don't actually sing and dance while you're doing that?
【Minori】No. I would be annoying the neighbors if I did that, so I just try to imagine it in my head!
【Kohane】Imagine? Are you referring to mental rehearsal, actually? Instead of menial...
【Minori】Eep! You're right! That's it! Mental rehearsal!
【Minori】Hehehe... I mixed those words up.
【Kohane】Hehe, it happens.
【Kohane】That's amazing, though, doing mental rehearsals even at school. You're really hard-working.
【Minori】Not true! For anyone aspiring to be an idol, this is the very least we can do to get better!
【Kohane】Being able to do it like it's just an ordinary thing is what makes you so amazing to me, Minori.
【Minori】Don't say that! It's not that big of a deal at all, really!
【Minori】In terms of commitment, I'd say...
【Shiho】...
【Minori】Look! Shiho's hands are moving while she's listening to music, right? She must be tapping out the bass notes.
【Kohane】Ahh, I see!
【Minori】And that's amazing, right?
【Shiho】What do you want?
【Minori】Hehe, sorry for interrupting. I was just wondering if you're also doing some form of mental rehearsal right now.
【Shiho】Hm... Well, I guess you could say that. When listening to band songs, I try to think about how I would play it.
【Shiho】Or how the bassist I respect would play it. I try to picture a few things in my mind.
【Minori】Ah, I knew it! I do that too!
【Minori】You can learn so much from those who are good at singing and dancing. I tend to watch their videos again and again!
【Minori】Then I try to imagine what I would look like dancing the same moves.
【Minori】When I'm actually dancing, I also think about what the expert dancers would do at this or that part!
【Shiho】I understand. This is something everyone aiming to get better has to go through.
【Kohane】Hehe.
【Shiho】Hm? What is it?
【Kohane】Ah... Well, you're always so cool and composed. I was just surprised to hear you to talk to us so cheerfully.
【Minori】Yes, I was surprised too! That was probably the first time I've seen you smile!
【Shiho】Hey... I do smile.
【Minori】Right! Of course you do!
[Sound] se00005
【Kohane】Oh, lunch break is over.
【Minori】Aww, that's a shame. I was hoping we could chat a little longer.
【Minori】Kohane, Shiho, let's have another chat again soon!
【Kohane】Yes, please.
【Shiho】Once in a while's fine, I guess.
[Sound] bgm00000
