【Kagamine Rin — Bloomy Idol♪〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kagamine Rin
Card: Bloomy Idol♪（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Connected Through SEKAI's Cherry Blossoms
scenarioId: 022017_rin02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Rin】KAITO, does this color seem about right for our cherry blossom branches...?
【MEIKO】We made some look a little darker as a little test! What do you think? They look pretty real, right?
【KAITO】Yes, that's fantastic! These look just like real branches.
【Rin】Cool! We did it, MEIKO!
【Rin & MEIKO】Up top♪
[Sound] se00061
[Sound] se00064
【Miku】KAITO! Everyone! Mind looking this way for a minute?
【Luka】Look what we found! The white lace curtains we used during one of our other shows♪
【Luka】How about we dye this light pink and cover it with some of the cherry blossoms you've all been making?
【Miku】We could hang this up alongside Rin's branches too. That way, it'll look like the cherry blossoms are gracefully wafting in the breeze.
【Rin】Whoa! That'd look so pretty!
【MEIKO】I agree! Let's give it a shot, KAITO!
【KAITO】Sure, but let's check to see if we have the materials necessary to make some extra cherry blossoms.
【Len】Miku let me know what's going on and I just checked our stock.
【Len】Surprisingly, we should have more than enough to use on these curtains.
【Miku】Thank goodness. I really appreciate it, Len!
【KAITO】All that's left is for us to do everything we can to make these!
【MEIKO】Yes. I'm sure we'll be fine since we're all very good at putting our best foot forward♪
【Rin & Miku】Yeah!
【MEIKO】The branches are done! Now we just need to put cherry blossoms on them.
【Luka】The curtains are a lovely pink now too♪
【KAITO】Hey! Anyone free? We need some extra hands making cherry blossoms.
【Miku & Len】Okay!
【Rin】(Wow...! This is so amazing...!)
【Rin】(I didn't think it was possible, but this set's really coming together!)
【Rin】(I never realized that we could do so much when we work together like this!)
【Rin】KAITO! I'll help make cherry blossoms too!
[Sound] se00049
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] The day of the spring show
【Miku】Minori and the girls should be here soon.
【Rin】Right...!
【Rin】(I hope they like the stage we all helped put together...!)
【Rin】Oh!
【Minori】Hello! We're really looking forward to today's show!
【Minori】Wait, whoa...! L-Look at the stage! It's covered in cherry blossoms!
【Haruka】Is that a cherry blossom tree? No, wait, it's a line of trees...?
【Shizuku】I believe you're right. There are so many cherry blossom branches hanging down from the ceiling.
【Airi】And that curtain's gorgeous! Look how pink it is...!
【MEIKO】Hehe. I'm glad you're enjoying our surprise♪
【Luka】It was Rin's idea to set up the stage like this.
【Minori】What?! Rin, this was your idea?!
【Rin】Um, well... My idea was that you and everyone else would like it if we did a show under a cherry blossom tree...
【Rin】But it was only possible to get so many trees set up because we all worked together!
【Rin】There was no way I would've been able to do something like this on my own.
【KAITO】Hehe. You came up with a wonderful idea, so we felt compelled to help make it a reality.
【Miku】Exactly! It became more and more fun as we kept building everything too. We even managed to come up with some improvements along the way♪
【KAITO】That's right. And before we knew it, our stage had turned into this extravagant sight.
【Len】And I'm really glad we went through with this.
【Luka】Me too. Especially since “a new side of us” is our theme for this show♪
【Rin】Yeah!
【Rin】Hey, MORE MORE JUMP!
【Rin】Let's do the spring show together on this cherry blossom stage♪
【Haruka】Yes, let's.
【Shizuku】We get to perform on this incredible stage? I must be dreaming.
【Airi】I know, right?! We gotta do our best to put on a show that does this stage justice!
【Minori】Oh, um... Before we start the show, can we take some time to look at all the cherry blossoms...?
【Len】Of course. You can come up this way. Follow me.
【Minori】Yay!
[Sound] se00172
【KAITO】Looks like they all like your idea very much, Rin.
【Rin】Yeah!
【Rin】All that's left is to make all of our fans feel the same way during our show!
【Rin】And I'm gonna do my best to make that happen!
[Sound] bgm00000
