【Tenma Saki — 100 Things I Want To Do〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: 100 Things I Want To Do（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 002003_saki01

[Background Change] bg_a001001
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Saki】Huh? Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】Hey, Saki. You're on your way home too?
【Saki】Yup! Oh, and listen to this!
【Saki】I just had bubble tea with Ichi and the girls!
【Tsukasa】What?! That's one of the items on your List of 100 Things to Do Once I'm Back in School, isn't it?!
【Saki】It is! So I got another one of my wishes fulfilled!
【Tsukasa】I'm happy for you, Saki. To be honest, that was one of the items I was worried you may not be able to fulfill.
【Saki】What? Why? It's just buying a drink...
【Tsukasa】How can you say that? Fads and fashions come and go.
【Tsukasa】You couldn't buy one even if you wanted to if all the bubble tea shops closed down one day, right?
【Saki】Oh, that's what you meant...
【Tsukasa】There are a few more items on your list that are dependent on these ever-changing fads.
【Tsukasa】So make hay while the sun shines! Without overworking yourself, of course.
【Tsukasa】Go after the items on your list that are currently trending!
【Saki】That's true, and I don't have to be afraid of missing out on the latest trends anymore! I'm all fired up now!
【Tsukasa】You're going at a pretty good pace already. I remember you recently fulfilled the item about joining a school club, right?
【Tsukasa】You make this all seem so effortless...but that's exactly what you would expect from my very own younger sister!
【Saki】Hey, Tsukasa...
【Tsukasa】Hm?
【Saki】Thanks for suggesting the 100 Things to Do list to me.
【Tsukasa】What's this all of a sudden?
【Saki】The list helped me focus on the positive things I could do when I started going to school again.
【Saki】I mean, I may have made a full recovery, but I'm in the recuperating stage, right?
【Saki】It would have been so easy for me to not feel like doing anything at all because of worries about my health.
【Saki】But the list makes every day so fun for me! I get to think about what new thing to try today, or what I should do first to fulfill another item on the list!
【Saki】So it's because of you that I've been enjoying my school life so much!
【Tsukasa】Oh, think nothing of it.
【Tsukasa】I was only doing what any big brother would've done! Just keep relying on me for anything at all!
【Saki】But you'll get easily carried away and goof up in the end...
【Tsukasa】Hm? Did you say something?
【Saki】Nope?
【Tsukasa】Okay? Well, it's great that school seems to be going well for you. You get to hang out with your childhood friends Ichika, Honami, and Shiho too, right?
【Saki】Ah... Yeah...
【Tsukasa】What's wrong? Why the glum look? Meeting them again was the one thing you looked forward to the most, right?
【Saki】Yeah... I'm in the same class as Ichi.
【Saki】But Shiho and Hona are being very distant for some reason.
【Tsukasa】Mhm. Maybe they're just awkward because it's been a while?
【Saki】I hope so...
【Saki】(But the way Ichika is acting makes me feel like there has to be something else going on...)
【Saki】Tsukasa... Do you think the four of us could ever go back to being best friends again, like in the past?
【Tsukasa】Hm... Not a clue!
【Saki】Huh?! Shouldn't you be cheering me up with a confident, Of course you can! there?!
【Tsukasa】Listen, sister dearest.
【Tsukasa】What's more important is the present! And the future ahead!
【Saki】The future...
【Tsukasa】That's right! Set your eyes, not upon the unchangeable past, but the ever-changeable future of unlimited possibilities!
【Tsukasa】Just work on making them your friends all over again! It'll be like tasting two delicious flavors with one bite!
【Saki】Okay... Setting that strange analogy aside...
【Saki】A future of unlimited possibilities, huh?
【Tsukasa】Hmph. I have once again give birth to yet another memorable quote. Bow before my wisdom! Ha ha ha ha!
【Saki】Eep! Qu-Quiet, Tsukasa! You're causing a disturbance!
【Saki】(But... It's so amazing. When Tsukasa's the one saying it, it really feels like things will work out somehow.)
【Saki】(Don't go back to the past, but look to the future...)
【Saki】(Okay. I have to face Ichi, Hona, and Shiho properly, the way they are now!)
【Saki】Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】Yes?
【Saki】Will you listen to me again if anything happens?
【Tsukasa】I'm your big brother! Of course I will!
[Sound] bgm00000
