【Azusawa Kohane — With The First Sunrise At My Back〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: With The First Sunrise At My Back（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: The Tomorrow We Hope For
scenarioId: 009014_kohane02

[Background Change] bg_c000101
[Caption] Weekend Garage
[Sound] se00006
【An】I'm home! And we're all done with our first practice for the year!
【Kohane】It was nice to sing as much as we did too!
【Toya】Yes, it even ended up becoming a good workout.
【Akito】Anyway, let's just use this afternoon to relax... Hm?
【An's Father】Hey, sounds like you guys are right back to it on New Year's Day.
【An's Father】Oh, before I go any further... Happy New Year.
【Kohane】Thank you! A Happy New Year to you too!
【Akito】Happy New Year, Ken. Let's make the most of this year.
【An】Hey, Dad, got anything for us to drink?
【An's Father】Sure, one second.
[Sound] se00097
【An】Thanks! Alright, let's just chill here in the meantime.
【Toya】Come to think of it, there's no one else here... Are you closed today?
【An】Yeah, why?
【Akito】Is it okay for us to be here then?
【An】Of course! You guys are here as my friends today, not customers!
【An】More importantly... Aren't you all excited? It's the start of a brand-new year!
【Kohane】Yeah. I wonder what this year has in store for us...
【Akito】We can't wait for anything to roll into our lap. We gotta make things happen for us.
【Akito】If we don't keep doing everything we possibly can, we won't ever be able to surpass RAD WEEKEND.
【Kohane】Yeah, you're absolutely right...! We need to keep finding ways to move forward by being proactive...!
【An】Hehe. Look at you, Kohane! That means I'm gonna have to keep doing my best too!
【Toya】Yes, I see. We can push each other to a higher level.
【Toya】I'm thankful that we were able to become a team of four. It's allowed us to come a very long way in a short amount of time...
【Toya】You even helped me escape my cage of classical music. I couldn't be more grateful for that...
【Toya】That was definitely when I knew I'd made the right decision, so again, thank you all very much.
【An】Haha. You don't need to thank us!
【Kohane】Yeah, all we really did was have a little chat.
【Toya】That's not true. You were all there for me that time.
【Akito】Speaking of which... What about that other time?
【Akito】Remember when I lost after trying to battle Tono alone...? You guys were there to get me back on my feet.
【Akito】I mean, I got clobbered. Without you guys, I probably would've kept dwelling on that and convinced myself that beating him was the only way forward.
【Toya】We've all been able to take big steps because we always had each other.
【Kohane】Yeah. Even me...
【Kohane】I found the courage to believe in my singing because you were there to cheer me up when I really needed it, An. I'm really grateful for that.
【An】Hehe. You're welcome...
【An】You may not realize this, Kohane, but you also helped me find ways to grow. Ever think about that?
【Kohane】Huh? Really?
【An】Yes, really. The way you can make everyone's heart race just with your singing has been huge for me.
【An】But I'm not about to let you leave me behind, alright, partner?
【Kohane】Of course!
【Toya】I also hope we get more chances to bond as a team. Like during our camping trip...
【An】Yeah, that'd be great! That trip really taught us a lot too!
【An】Oh, I know! What if we went paragliding in Hawaii or something next time...?!
【Akito】You're just saying that because you want to do that, right?
【Toya】Flying also seems like a bit much...
【Kohane】But I see your guys' point. I'd love to experience more new things together if possible.
【Kohane】By doing so, I have a feeling that we'll find ways to sing even better!
【An's Father】Alright, order up. Here are your drinks and a light lunch to go with it.
[Sound] se00314
【Kohane】Wait, is this a traditional brunch...?
【An】Cool! It's Dad's New Year's brunch platter! You've gotta try this, you guys!
【Akito】Ken, you can make traditional Japanese food...?
【Toya】The black soybeans look very appetizing...
【An】I know, right? The fish omelets he makes are really amazing too♪
【An's Father】Isn't this only natural since it's New Year's Day? Also, I'm sure you're all starving.
【Kohane】Thank you very much! Let's dig in!
【An】Mmm! This shrimp's pure yum!
【Akito】These braised vegetables are good too... I had no idea you could make anything like this, Ken.
【Toya】Chef Ken may be more appropriate.
【Kohane】Hehe...
【Kohane】Let's eat as much as we can so that we grow big and strong!
【An】Isn't that what parents tell their kids when they're little...? But I get your point. Let's make some huge strides this year!
【Kohane】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
