【Tenma Saki — Appreciation Overflow!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: Appreciation Overflow!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Show Your Shine
scenarioId: 002044_saki01

[Background Change] bg_a002201
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard
【Saki】Let's see... Movies, movies... Oh, this one looks pretty good!
【Saki】Alright, I'm adding it to my backlog!
[Sound] se_walk_women_003_1
【Ichika】Huh? Saki, are you by yourself?
【Saki】Hi, Ichi! Shiho said to start without her because she needs to ask one of the teachers a question.
【Ichika】Okay. Honami also said she's going to be running late, so why don't we get started?
【Saki】Yeah! I'm starved.
【Ichika】Hehe. But I'm sorry for making you wait...
【Saki】No, that's okay. I was just looking up... Wait a second!
【Saki】Ichi, that reminds me. Are there any movies you've been meaning to watch lately?
【Ichika】Movies?
【Saki】Yeah! Remember how we got to ask Kanade about songwriting?
【Ichika】Oh, when we went to that cafe?
【Saki】Yeah! I asked her where the inspiration for her songs comes from...
【Saki】Remember how movies, manga and works of art are the sources of some of her ideas?
【Ichika】Yeah. She makes a habit of taking in all kinds of works to enhance her music.
【Ichika】Oh, is that why you asked me about movies...?
【Saki】Hehe. Correct! I read manga on a regular basis already, so that just leaves movies and art.
【Saki】I'm not ready right this second to visit an art museum, so I thought I could start with some movies first.
【Ichika】That makes sense. And you stand to learn a lot.
【Saki】Hehe♪ I was thinking about going to see something after school since we don't have practice today.
【Ichika】In that case, can I go with you?
【Saki】Huh?
【Ichika】I thought I should take this opportunity to also start exposing myself to more things.
【Saki】Ichi...! Yeah, let's go together♪
【Saki】Then, while we're at it, we should also invite Shiho and Hona!
【Ichika】Right. I'm looking forward to discussing what we saw afterwards.
【Saki】Hehe. Now I'm even more excited! Which movie should we see?
【Saki】There's “The Shape of the World”, but also “Attack of the Mecha-Zombies!”...
[Sound] se00183_b
【Ichika】I haven't heard of either. What are they about?
【Saki】So, “The Shape of the World” is a documentary that discusses some of society's problems.
【Ichika】It's a documentary?
【Saki】Yup! The other one is a horror film about mechanized zombies.
【Saki】But it apparently isn't scary at all. It's become a cult hit because of how the story's a mystery wrapped in an enigma that's full of twists and turns!
【Ichika】R-Really...?
【Ichika】I have to say, I'm surprised by your choices, Saki. These aren't the kind of movies you'd normally go to see.
【Saki】Haha. I'd usually pick a glamorous coming-of-age film or something...
【Saki】But I thought I should start trying a bunch of different genres, since my goal here is to experience new things!
【Ichika】Different genres?
【Saki】Yeah! Genres that I'm not really into or would avoid normally.
【Saki】I figure I might find some unexpected new favorites that way!
【Ichika】I see... I do agree with that.
【Saki】Hehe. See what I mean?
【Ichika】Oh, but...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saki】What's up?
【Ichika】I understand your desire to step outside your comfort zone and try new genres...
【Ichika】But are you sure we'll be able to get all the way through those movies?
[Sound] bgm00200
【Saki】Huh?
【Ichika】If the subject matter is too complicated or not all that appealing, then we might have trouble following what happens.
【Saki】I mean, when you put it that way...
【Saki】Y-Yeah, you're right. We should go with something more familiar first!
【Ichika】My thoughts exactly. Let's look together...
[Sound] bgm00000
