【Azusawa Kohane — I Got Praised♪〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: I Got Praised♪（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: THE POWER OF UNITY
scenarioId: 009017_kohane02

[Background Change] bg_c000101
[Caption] Weekend Garage
【An】*Sigh* I'm never gonna get tired of looking at this. You made such a good flyer, Kohane!
【Kohane】Hehe. That's all you've been saying for a while now, An.
【An】Because it really is an amazing flyer.
【An】At first glance, it looks pretty simple, but the picture, the lettering and the colors all have this way of drawing your eye.
【An】I'm sure some people are gonna want to come see our event because of this.
【Kohane】Hehe. I sure hope so.
[Sound] se00097
[Sound] se00059
【An's Father】Thanks for waiting. A cafe mocha topped with plenty of whipped cream and honey.
【Kohane】Wow! This looks so yummy! Thank you very much!
【An】Dad, check this out! Here, this is the flyer for that event we're gonna do!
【An's Father】Oh, it's done? Let's have a look.
【An】What do you think...? This design's so good that it might actually hold up a candle to RAD WEEKEND, right?!
【Kohane】A-An...!
【An's Father】I see. A simple but tasteful design.
【An's Father】Most of the flyers people ask me to put up usually have flashier or more colorful designs.
【An】I was a little concerned about that at first too, but Akito was really against making it too in your face.
【An】Oh, Kohane, you mentioned that you wanted to try using as few colors as possible too, right?
【Kohane】Yeah. My goal was to use only some accent colors since I chose a black-and-white photo for the background.
【An's Father】I see. By giving it a more subdued design, it ends up standing out from its flashier counterparts.
【An】Oh, we also talked about using the flyer for RAD WEEKEND as a reference, but we didn't end up actually coming to look at it.
【Kohane】Yeah. As cool as that flyer looks, I sort of didn't want to copy it too much.
【An's Father】The flyer for RAD WEEKEND...?
【An's Father】There shouldn't be any left... Where did you find that?
【Kohane】Oh...
【Kohane】(Wh-What do we do?! We can't tell him that we saw it in SEKAI...!)
【An】Oh, uhh... That came out all wrong! I meant to say that I drew it to show them what it more or less looked like!
【An】Right, Kohane?!
【Kohane】Y-Yeah!
【An's Father】Okay...?
【An】Anyway! We can put up our flyer inside our store, right? Also, it might be nice to put one up on the wall or something.
【An's Father】Hm? Yeah, go for it.
【An】Yay! I'm gonna go get the poster tape. I'll be right back, Kohane.
【Kohane】Okay, I'll be waiting.
[Sound] se00097
【An's Father】By the way, can I ask you something...?
【Kohane】Huh?! U-Um, the flyer for RAD WEEKEND was really just...!
【An's Father】Haha. Relax, that's not what I had in mind. I want to ask about your guys' event flyer.
【An's Father】This photo you used. Is this somewhere on Vivid Street? I vaguely remember seeing some of these things, but I've been having trouble putting my finger on any of them.
【Kohane】Yes, that's a photo of Vivid Street, but I shopped together a few of them for the flyer.
【An's Father】Shopped? You know how to do that?
【Kohane】No, I had my dad help me a lot with that.
【An's Father】I see... I'm guessing there's a reason behind you putting so much thought into this and going out of your way to ask for your father's help.
【Kohane】So, initially, I was planning on just using some photos I'd taken of Vivid Street...
【Kohane】But An and the others began coming up with keywords for the event and I thought to myself, “This won't be enough.”
【An's Father】It wouldn't be enough?
【Kohane】Yes. Our goal is to surpass RAD WEEKEND, the event you and your team put together.
【Kohane】That's why we want to create something that no one has ever seen before...
【Kohane】This flyer represents a part of that goal.
【An's Father】I see... Something no one's ever seen before, huh?
【An's Father】That's a good concept. I hope your event goes well.
【Kohane】Thank you!
[Sound] se00097
【An】Kohane, I'm back! Where do you wanna put up our flyer?
【Kohane】Probably somewhere everyone can see it, right? Like the doorway or one of these walls?
【An】Okay! Oh, we can put one on Dad's back too!
【An's Father】I don't mind. While you're at it, you should put one on your back to advertise whenever you help out around here.
【An】What?! Our flyer's cool, but that seems like a bit much...
【An】Actually, it might look good as a t-shirt.
【Kohane】An?!
【An's Father】Hahaha.
[Sound] bgm00000
