【Kamishiro Rui — Passionate Prop Making〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Passionate Prop Making（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Deep Dark for Light
scenarioId: 016048_rui02

[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Tsukasa】Alright. It's getting late, so why don't we call it an evening?
【Rui】Oh, dear. Just look at the time. I didn't realize at all.
【Nene】Wow, you're right! I need to get home and get ready for bed...
【Emu】Oh, I was gonna talk with my brothers ahead of our meeting tomorrow, too! I've gotta hurry home!
【Tsukasa】Understood. We've all worked ourselves to the bone, so be sure to rest up properly.
【Nene】Right. See you all tomorrow.
【Rui】Have a good evening, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Yes, you too!
【Rui & Tsukasa】...?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】Good night, Tsukasa. See you at school.
【Tsukasa】Yes! Rest well tonight, Rui!
【Rui & Tsukasa】...
【Tsukasa】Why aren't you going home?!
【Rui】Well now, this has gotten awkward.
【Rui】I had intended to revise the script before I went home for the night. I'd like to incorporate some of our ad-libs from today before I forget them.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Rui】What do you intend to do, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】I plan to go over some lines alone.
【Tsukasa】I noticed some points during rehearsal that I'd like to dig into. I want to get them solid before tomorrow.
【Rui】I see. It makes sense you'd want to do that while it's still fresh. I suppose we'll both be working on our own projects, then?
【Tsukasa】Sure. Though I have to say... We've certainly grown used to gathering here in the evenings, haven't we?
【Rui】Even though we said we'd leave our evenings free for solo practice.
【Tsukasa】It's just become our habit, it seems. Ever since that day you all came together to check on me.
【Tsukasa】You really helped me that day. I hope you know I'm grateful.
【Rui】Tsukasa...
【Tsukasa】It's true what they say. Dependable friends are all you need.
【Tsukasa】Your thoughts and feedback have gone a long way toward helping me surmount the wall ahead of me.
【Rui】That's good to hear.
【Tsukasa】Indeed. When the contest is over, I have half a mind to do something to pay you all back.
【Rui】In that case, I'd love some fancy barbeque. Thanks in advance, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Hey! No one said anything about treating you to dinner!
【Rui】Hehe...
【Rui】Still... If we're discussing payback, then I feel as though I owe you all, myself.
【Tsukasa】Hm? Why's that?
【Rui】Because I am terribly grateful to you all for being my friends.
【Rui】Every time each of you takes a step forward, I feel the drive to advance even further.
【Rui】When you grow closer to your dreams, it brings me closer to my own.
【Rui】And... The closer I get to my own dream, the closer I can bring you all to yours.
【Rui】All of us are connected, pulling each other forward. That's how I feel.
【Tsukasa】Yes...
【Tsukasa】Then, all the more reason for us to win this contest, and bring all of us another step forward!
【Rui】Yes.
【Rui】We'll make this a true leap forward, toward our dreams.
[Sound] bgm00000
