【Tenma Tsukasa — Happy Birthday! 2024〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: Happy Birthday! 2024（BD）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 013023_tsukasa02

[Background Change] bg_d001201
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
【Tsukasa】And now, put your hands together for my special show, “The Great Journey of Tsukasa Tenma”!
【Emu】Woohoo!
【Saki】Go Tsukasa!
[Sound] se00022_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00168_b
【Tsukasa】Years ago on May 17th, a newborn cried for the first time.
【Tsukasa】“Waaah! Waaah!”
【Tsukasa】“Oh, what a powerful and majestic cry! There's no doubt our child has a grand future ahead of him!”
[Sound] bgm00200
【Tsukasa】“You're right. He needs a name that screams 'ruler of the world'. Let's call him “Tsukasa”!”
【Tsukasa】And thus begins the legacy of an aspiring star!
【Nene】“Legacy”? But he's still alive...
【Rui】In any case, I'm surprised to learn that his catchphrase is based on the actual origin of his name.
【Saki】(Huh? But Mom said that she didn't think about that meaning of his name at the time... Oh well.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00195
【Tsukasa】“Wow! Seeing the lead actor singing and dancing is enough to make everyone smile!”
【Tsukasa】“Someday...someday, I too...will become a star like him!”
【Tsukasa】“A star who can make everyone smile, especially my little sister.”
【Honami】Saki told me about that. What a wonderful source of motivation.
【Shiho】Yeah.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】And now, we arrive at Tsukasa Tenma's audition at Phoenix Wonderland! At this time, Tsukasa's younger sister Saki resumed her schooling!
【Tsukasa】Despite his concerns for her wellbeing, she was up on her feet in no time, forming a band with old friends and bubbling with lust for her new life!
【Tsukasa】“It's all thanks to Saki's vigor and her friends who are there to support her.”
[Sound] bgm00207
【Tsukasa】“Even now, seeing her smiling with her friends fills me with warmth.”
【Saki】Huh?
【Tsukasa】“I could wish for nothing more than to see their everlasting joy.”
【Saki】Tsukasa...
【Tsukasa】And so, as he continued to chase his dreams, Tsukasa Tenma made some fantastic friends.
【Tsukasa】In spite of his own arrogance, misunderstandings and difficulties they faced, they turned out to be irreplaceable parts of his life.
【Tsukasa】“The path to stardom is long and seems endless, with nothing but dead end after dead end.”
【Tsukasa】“But each time I've found myself at breaking point, they've always been there for me, their hands outstretched and their belief in me unwavering.”
【Tsukasa】“I need to prove them right in that belief. Therefore, I vow to become a star so bright that I'm known in every corner of the galaxy!”
【Tsukasa】Thus, a fire ignited within Tsukasa Tenma. He leaped forward, ready to embrace his unknown future. The end!
[Sound] se00022_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saki】Tsukasa, that was amazing! I got a bit teary-eyed at one point!
【Emu】Me too! Let's keep making fun shows together!
【Tsukasa】Yes, of course!
【Tsukasa】Now then, it's time to indulge ourselves in a hearty meal! I'd also like to hear your thoughts on the show!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00190
【Emu】Om nom... Mmmh! This gratin is stuffed with lots of meat and macaroni! It's so tasty!
【Shiho】This perilla pasta is also really good, although the perilla leaves aren't cut properly...
【Saki】Oh no, really? I was so careful when I was slicing them...
【Honami】So, you even helped cook the food too, Saki?
【Saki】Well actually, me and Tsukasa made it together, with our mom there to show us how.
【Nene】Wait, you and Tsukasa together?
【Tsukasa】Yes! I could think of no better way to welcome my guests! We're confident that every dish will be to your liking!
【Tsukasa】What's more, we even made a cake for dessert from scratch!
【Ichika】You did? That's impressive!
【Nene】It is, but isn't it a bit strange to make your own birthday cake?
【Rui】Hehe. That's Tsukasa for you.
【Tsukasa】Saki, thank you for all your help.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】This event wouldn't have gone as smoothly as it did if it wasn't for your help making the food and invites, so thank you.
【Saki】Hehehe, glad I could be of help!
【Saki】After all, you're the one always helping me, so I just wanted you to have a fun birthday.
【Saki】Once again...
【Saki】Happy birthday, Tsukasa!
[Sound] bgm00159
【Tsukasa】S-Saki...!
【Tsukasa】Gaaah! I must be... THE HAPPIEST OLDER BROTHER IN THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000193
[Sound] bgm00097
【Toya】Happy birthday, Tsukasa.
【Kohane, An & Akito】Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
【Toya】I'm sorry for stopping by so early in the morning. Saki sent me a video of your Birthday Festival performance, and I watched it with Akito and the others.
【An】When Toya mentioned it was a show about your life, I couldn't really picture how it would pan out, but I was really impressed by your delivery!
【Kohane】Yeah! It sounded like the biography of a great historical figure!
【Akito】I wouldn't go that far... But, we learned a lot about why you turned out the way you are.
【Toya】Tsukasa, I intend to share my thoughts on the show in greater detail when we are at school. I hope you had a delightful birthday.
【Mizuki】Happy birthday Tsukasa♪ Ah... I could've gone to your party if it wasn't for work...
【Mizuki】Oh, but Toya mentioned he'll show me a video of the show you performed, so I'll let you know how I found it later♪
【Shizuku】I hope you had a lovely birthday, Tsukasa. Shii sounded all excited telling me about your wonderful party. She mentioned the delicious food and the show, too!
【Shiho】Hey... That's because you kept pestering me to tell you more.
【Honami】Hehe, it really was fun though, wasn't it? It was a great show, and we had delicious food to boot!
【Ichika】Yeah. It reminded me of the good old days. Saki, Tsukasa and everyone would gather 'round the table to eat together...
【Saki】I know, right! Hehehe, I'm glad I got to help out! Here's to another year, Tsukasa♪
【Rui】Although it was your birthday, we were the ones made to feel celebrated.
【Nene】I have to say, you delivered quite the show despite your busy rehearsal schedule. It made me wonder just how you managed to fit this in.
【Emu】Yeah, although really, that show is still going on☆
【Rui】That's right. Perhaps, when Tsukasa attains stardom someday, it will mean the show has ended.
【Rui】If possible, I want to see that moment with my own eyes.
【Nene】Me too, and I won't fall behind him either.
【Emu】Oooh! Nene's all fired up! In that case, I'll give it my all, too♪
【Rui】Hehe, for now, we have plenty of shows on our plate. Here's to another year, Mr. Troupe Leader.
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【Tsukasa】Thank you everyone for celebrating my birthday today!
【Tsukasa】Your messages of support resonate within me.
【Tsukasa】I promise to continue to race down the path to stardom!
【Tsukasa】I hope you continue to look out for me. Thank you all for a magnificent day!
[Sound] bgm00000
