【Kagamine Len — Sending An Extra Special Heart〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kagamine Len
Card: Sending An Extra Special Heart（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Warmth in Every Stitch
scenarioId: 023045_len01

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【KAITO】Looks like we're all here.
【Len】You said you wanted to discuss something important. Were you talking about...?
【KAITO】Yes, I'd like to discuss what we'll be doing for Valentine's Day, since it's coming up soon.
【KAITO】We've already decided to put on a show during the day of, but we haven't really hammered out the details yet.
【Luka】We have to come up with a set list and effects... It's a special occasion, so it would be nice to do something a little different.
【Miku】Different... What if we threw in some Valentine's Day activities in between songs?
【Rin】Yeah, I bet everyone would love that♪
【MEIKO】I agree. But what would count as a Valentine's Day activity?
【Miku】Something involving chocolates is what immediately comes to mind for me...
【KAITO】Right... I am thinking about including a few songs about chocolate in the set list, but other ideas would also be nice to have.
【MEIKO】What else is central to Valentine's Day...? Confessing to someone you care about?
【Len】Oh, what about hearts? We could do something involving those?
【Rin】Yeah, that'd be great! And really cute!
【Luka】Not only is it a wonderful idea, it also suits who we are as idols.
【Miku】Yes, I like it as well!
【KAITO】Then, let's come up with an activity involving hearts, shall we?
【MEIKO】Hearts... Hearts...
【Rin】Oh, we can have a contest to see who can draw the most hearts in a short amount of time!
【Len】Drawing lots of hearts together does sound like fun.
【Luka】Still, since we're doing this, I feel that we should do something for the audience.
【Rin】Yeah, good point! We shouldn't be the ones having all the fun.
【Miku】The audience...
【Miku】Oh, what if we made hearts for them?
【Len】If we made hearts for them?
【Miku】Yes, we'll take turns doing heart-themed poses for them♪ We can even make it a contest to see who receives the best response.
【KAITO】Yes, that's an excellent idea!
【KAITO】I'd also like to see your poses! I'm getting excited just thinking about them.
【MEIKO】Yes, making hearts for everyone does sound like a wonderful idea♪
【Len】And it has a Valentine's Day feel to it.
【KAITO】Then, why don't we go with that?
【Everyone】Yeah! Yes.
【KAITO】Excellent. Then, let's start coming up with the set list next...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00170
[Caption] One hour later
【Len】(Thank goodness we were able to figure out the plan for our show.)
【Len】(Now we just need to practice as much as we can until the day of, and work on our activity...)
【Len】Making hearts for the audience... What kind of pose should I do?
【Len】I can use just my fingers, or my hands... If I used both my hands, then I could use my fingers in different ways.
【Len】And place them in some unique positions as I pose.
【Len】Do I make a heart in front of my face and smile... Or in front of my chest and smile... I feel like somewhere near my face would look the cutest...
【Len】But I should give this some more thought.
【Len】We're supposed to make hearts, so I sorta just naturally started thinking about cute poses...
【Len】But Miku and Rin are gonna be way better at that. I mean, these are the kinds of poses they would do.
【Len】Everyone would probably like it if I did something in a bit of a different direction.
【Len】Yeah, that should make it feel more fun and unique. So, let's go with that.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Len】Alright, I think I've got a plan.
[Sound] bgm00180
【Len】Based on how everyone sees me, I should be going for something stylish.
【Len】My pose won't just be cute. I'll also be trying to look cool and elegant...
【Len】I'll keep working on it, but it might be a good idea for me to ask for an outside opinion too.
【Len】Hmm... Who knows a lot about striking good poses...?
[Sound] se00053_b
【Len】I guess Shizuku is the best person to ask.
【Len】I'll go see if she can help.
[Sound] bgm00000
