【Yoisaki Kanade — The Usual Ramen〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Yoisaki Kanade
Card: The Usual Ramen（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: The Warmth of Intersecting Melodies
scenarioId: 017014_kanade01

[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Diner
【Honami】Still, I can't help but feel surprised. I knew that you composed your own music, Ms. Yoisaki, but it's really hard not to be impressed by what you do...
【Ichika】And those lyrics...! They really struck a chord with me. Did you write those too, Yoisaki?
【Kanade】Oh, the lyrics are...
【Mafuyu】I wrote those.
【Ichika】What?! Is that true?!
【Kanade】(It's been so long since I last discussed what we do with people outside of our group.)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Kanade】Phew... All this talk is making me thirsty.
[Sound] bgm00018
【Ichika】Me too. Oh, also, did we all ask for free refills at the juice bar?
【Kanade】Yes, that's right. I'll head over and... Wah!
【Mafuyu】A-Are you alright, Kanade?
【Kanade】Y-Yes... I think I just sat on my own hair.
【Ichika】I know the feeling. Like having your hair yanked while trying to turn your head.
【Honami】I've done that before too. My hair isn't as long as yours, Ichika, Ms. Yoisaki, but it happens from time to time.
【Mafuyu】Hehe. I've experienced that as well.
【Mafuyu】I dropped something this one time and ended up sweeping the floor with my hair while trying to pick it up.
【Ichika】That's the worst! Oh, or when your hairdo falls apart, covers your eyes and aren't able to see anything.
【Kanade】Yes, long hair seems like more trouble than it's worth whenever that happens.
【Ichika】Oh, Yoisaki, I heard that you wear sweats most of the time. Have you ever had your hair get caught in a zipper or anything...?
【Kanade】Yes, that happens quite a bit.
【Ichika】I knew it! It happens to me all the time whenever I try putting on my hoodie.
【Honami】Hehe. It may just be the cost of having long hair.
【Mafuyu】Maybe. I do sometimes wonder if I should try a shorter hairstyle...
【Mafuyu】But not many people notice when I do cut my hair since it's already so long.
【Ichika】Oh, it may be that only your closest friends are really able to see the difference.
【Kanade】Sometimes it sounds so nice to have shorter hair. Life just seems so much easier...
【Honami】You'd be saving quite a bit of time and money in terms of washing it. Also, less drying time.
【Ichika】Oh, like during summer. It's awful when you end up sweating while your hair's still trying to dry just after washing it.
【Ichika】And you have the longest hair out of all of us, Yoisaki. It must take quite a while for your hair to dry completely, no?
【Kanade】I usually just try to wring it out as best I can and let it dry on its own after that.
【Mafuyu】That might work during the summer, but you could catch a cold if you do that in winter, you know...?
【Kanade】I know. I'm usually careful about that...
【Kanade】To be honest, drying my hair isn't that much of a problem. Windy days are actually the worst for me.
【Honami】Oh, because of your hair getting blown in your face?
【Kanade】Yes, there's that. But also because of how I can't move forward when my hair gets blown back.
【Kanade】Umm...
【Mafuyu】Hehe. Kanade, I have to think you're the only person around who gets overwhelmed by the wind like that.
【Kanade】R-Really? I thought everyone with long hair had this problem...
【Kanade】Okay, what about this...?
【Kanade】At night, you notice that your curtains are open a tiny bit and go to close them, but this long-haired girl suddenly appears...
【Ichika】Yes! You're staggered for a moment, but you realize that it's just your reflection!
【Kanade】Yes, thank you...! I'm glad you understand.
【Mafuyu】Oh, that's right. You're not too fond of ghosts or anything like that.
【Honami】Wait, is that true? I never would've thought.
【Mafuyu】Hehe. She even mentioned this one time when she started hearing a strange noise while in her room.
【Kanade】M-Mafuyu, that's...
【Honami】I'm sort of curious now.
【Ichika】Yes, me too.
【Mafuyu】See? They want to know more.
【Kanade】Y-Yes, I get that, but it's so embarrassing...
【Mafuyu】Okay, fine. We'll keep it our little secret.
【Kanade】Th-Thank you. Sorry about this, you two.
【Ichika】No, it's been fun talking about our hair stories like this.
【Honami】I agree. You have nothing to worry about.
【Kanade】Thank goodness...
【Kanade】(It's been so long since I last had a conversation like this with people outside of our group too...)
[Sound] bgm00000
