【Shinonome Akito — How We Each Spend Our Days Off〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Shinonome Akito
Card: How We Each Spend Our Days Off（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Walk on and on
scenarioId: 011019_akito02

[Background Change] bg_a001502
[Caption] Shibuya Park
【Akito】Alright, let's go with this set list. Are we all good with that?
【An】Yup! I'm okay with it.
【Toya】I'm also okay with it.
【Akito】Then, that settles that.
【Kohane】And I feel our set list has become really good thanks to the addition of your track, Aoyagi.
【An】Totally! It adds such a nice accent. I can't wait to see how the crowd's gonna react to it.
【Toya】I'm happy that you're saying that, but...
【Akito】What's up?
【Toya】I know I should've said this sooner, but I'm sorry for making it without asking you all first.
【Toya】Not only did it take you all by surprise, but we have to practice even more now after deciding to perform two songs. It seems like such a large burden.
【Kohane】But it's not a burden. We agreed to perform two songs because we all think that your song is just that amazing.
【Akito】Also, we sort of already knew that you were working on something.
【Toya】Ah, I had a feeling...
【Akito】However, it didn't seem like you were being bothered by anything, and you were doing fine during practice.
【Akito】In the end, we figured that there was nothing for us to worry about since you seemed to know what you were doing.
【An】And we had a feeling that you'd come talk to us if you needed our help.
【Akito】Still, I wasn't expecting to hear that you were working on your own track.
【Toya】Again, sorry about that...
【Toya】I'll let you all know the next time I do.
【Akito】You don't have to tell us every single time. Just bring it over for us to listen if you think it's good.
【Akito】And ask me for help if you ever need it. I'll always be willing to help.
【An】Yeah, what he said! I'll help too if you ever think you need it!
【Kohane】Oh, me too...! That is, if you think I can help.
【Toya】Yes, thank you all very much.
【Akito】It could be fun to make a track together down the road.
【Toya】Yes, that does sound fun...
【An】Oh, I really wanna hear that song!
【Kohane】A track by you two... That does sound interesting. I wonder how it'll turn out.
【Akito】It's not like we've actually decided to make one... But I am looking forward to that prospect.
【An】Oh, what if you two started fighting while making it...?
【Toya】I hope we don't... Akito, please tell me straight away without hiding it if something is bothering you.
【An】Haha. When that happens, Kohane or I will step in to save the day.
【Toya】Yes, I'd appreciate that very much.
【Akito】What are you all going on about...?
【Kohane】Hehe...!
【An】We're just making sure that we're prepared.
【Akito】*Sigh* More importantly, we have an event to think about.
【An】All good! I'm gonna do mental prep for our rehearsal starting tomorrow.
【Akito】Fine. In any case, we have a lot of work ahead of us if we plan on singing both our song and Toya's at a high level.
【Toya】Right. Let's do our best to make our next event one to remember.
【Kohane & An】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
