【Kiritani Haruka — Donuts And Memories〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Donuts And Memories（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: One Small Trip Before a Big Journey
scenarioId: 006025_haruka02

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C
[Sound] se00046_b
【Haruka】Welcome back, Ichika.
【Saki】Welcome back♪ Did you get the limited time yakisoba bun?
【Ichika】I did. I'm glad I went to go get it as soon as class finished.
【Haruka】I know it's supposed to be different from the usual, but in what way exactly?
【Ichika】The noodles they've put in the bun are different. This time they're stir-fried with beef and a specially made sweet and spicy sauce.
【Haruka】Really? Oh, you've bought two.
【Ichika】It looked really good and I have a feeling I'll gobble it up in seconds...
【Saki】Well, who wouldn't want to eat lots of their favorite food♪
【Haruka】Hehe, good point.
【Haruka】(Now that I think about it, I feel like we had a similar conversation back when we first started eating lunch together...)
【Haruka】Well then, shall we have lunch?
【Saki, Haruka & Ichika】Let's eat!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
【Haruka】That was delicious.
【Ichika】That limited time yakisoba bun was really good. I do like the usual one a lot as well, but I think having something different once in a while makes me appreciate it all the more.
【Saki】Hahaha. Once you like something, Ichi, you reeeally don't get sick of it.
【Ichika】I suppose that's true...
【Haruka】Hehe. But never getting sick of eating the same thing is something I sort of wish I could do.
【Ichika】Huh?
【Saki】Really? Why?
【Haruka】Well, take my lunches for example. They don't change all that much, right?
【Saki】Now that you mention it, you do always have chicken and broccoli in them.
【Haruka】I can change up the dressing or use different recipes each time, but...
【Haruka】I do get tired of having the same thing. Sometimes I want a variety.
【Haruka】So I'm a little jealous that you can eat the same thing every day with no problems, Ichika.
【Ichika】I see...
【Ichika】Well, the reason I can keep eating yakisoba buns is simply because I like them, though.
【Saki】Favorite foods, huh...
【Saki】You like sweets, right, Haruka?
【Haruka】Yes. But unless it's an important celebration or my cheat day, I try not to eat them often.
【Ichika】I had a feeling... Trying not to eat the things you like seems really hard...
【Saki】Hehehe. And on that note, I have great news for you, Haruka♪
【Haruka】Great news?
【Saki】So, the cafe I work at has come up with a new menu♪
【Saki】Get this! My manager knows a certified nutritionist and worked together with them to make a healthy, balanced lunch menu and dessert!
【Ichika】What? Your cafe really did that?
【Saki】Yeah! This all happened because we did a survey not too long ago and noticed that more people are looking to take care of their health.
【Saki】The lunch menu is pretty heavy and the dessert has quite a bit of volume, but overall it's actually not that many calories! The customers love it too♪
【Haruka】Sounds nice. But I don't think I'll be able to try out the lunch menu since I have school on weekdays and work on weekends...
【Saki】Oh no, that's right!
【Saki】Oh, but the dessert isn't limited to lunch, so you can order it whenever!
【Haruka】Really? In that case, I might be able to open my schedule enough to try it after school sometime.
【Saki】Woohoo! Let's free up a day when we can all go together♪
【Ichika】Sounds good. I can't wait.
【Haruka】Hehe. Neither can I.
【Haruka】(I'm so happy I became friends with Saki and Ichika...)
【Haruka】(If it's them, even when I go back to the credit-based course...)
【Haruka】(I'm going to treasure the friendships I've made in the general education course.)
[Sound] bgm00000
