【Mochizuki Honami — Test Of Courage 2?!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Mochizuki Honami
Card: Test Of Courage 2?!（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Wonderhorror?! A Test of Courage!
scenarioId: 003038_honami02

[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Sewing Lounge
【Mizuki】I've finished putting in the basting stitches for this costume, Honami.
【Honami】Thank you. I really appreciate you doing that.
【Honami】I've also reached a nice point to stop, so why don't we take a quick break here?
【Mizuki】Yeah, sounds good!
【Mizuki】Still, you looked like a total pro while working with the sewing machine just now! Do you use them a lot?
【Honami】Yes, I've enjoyed making handicrafts since I was little, but I also use sewing machines quite a lot to adjust the sizes on Shibao's clothes...
【Mizuki】Shibao?
【Honami】Oh, that's right.. I have a pet dog named Shibao, but it's so difficult to find clothes in his size...
【Honami】It feels like such a shame whenever I find something cute for him to wear that doesn't fit. Which is why I've taken it upon myself to alter them myself.
【Mizuki】Oh, okay! That definitely explains why you know your way around a sewing machine!
【Honami】I appreciate the compliment.
【Honami】But you're very good as well, Mizuki. You work so smoothly and without hesitation...
【Mizuki】You think so? I do sorta make alterations to clothes on a regular basis.
【Mizuki】I'll find cute clothes whenever I go shopping, but they're always missing that little something that I think would make them perfect!
【Mizuki】So, I'll add a bit of lace, give it some gather and stuff... And alter it just the way I like!
【Honami】I see... That's so impressive.
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【Shizuku】Thank you both for being so patient.
【Mizuki】Hi, Shizuku! What's up?!
【Honami】I hope work went well.
【Shizuku】I'm so sorry for being late. What were you two working on just now...?
【Honami】We actually just reached a nice point where we could take a break. We've just about finished putting in the basting stitches for everything.
【Honami】You're going to make some alterations to something you already have, yes?
【Shizuku】Yes! It's...
[Sound] se00055_b
【Shizuku】This! I'm going to use it to become a yuki-onna!
【Honami】Wow, what a beautiful haori! It's pure white...
【Mizuki】Yeah! Imagine Shizuku appearing in front of you while wearing this! She'd definitely make my heart stop...!
【Shizuku】Oh, your heart? We wouldn't want that... I need to be careful not to scare everyone I encounter on the day of.
【Mizuki】I mean, it is sorta your job as a scarer to jump out at people...
【Honami】In any case, this haori should be perfect for our test of courage.
【Shizuku】I actually bought this during our school trip to Kyoto. I immediately fell in love with it after seeing it on display in one of the shops...
【Shizuku】I even got to be a part of the Hyakki Yako Parade as a yuki-onna!
【Shizuku】Using this handheld fan that makes it snow!
[Sound] se00774
[Sound] se00774
【Honami】Wow, that's incredible... It's like you're putting on a little show for us.
【Shizuku】Hehe. I actually borrowed this from Kamishiro. I asked Tsukasa to ask him after I decided to help with your test of courage.
【Shizuku】It's strange how running into him during that school trip is coming back around to help me like this.
【Honami & Mizuki】Huh...?
【Honami】I didn't realize you both knew him... We really do live in a small world.
【Honami】Still, Kamishiro did such a wonderful job with this device. He never ceases to amaze me...
【Mizuki】Yeah, it is pretty amazing... But this is surprisingly subdued considering it's something Rui made.
【Mizuki】I mean, we're talking about someone who likes to make things that create lightning or trick floors that launch people up and other crazy stuff.
【Shizuku】He can make those kinds of devices?! That's remarkable...!
【Honami】Yes, he must be quite the engineer...
【Honami】I've seen a few of their shows that involved armies of robots and drones. Kamishiro is responsible for making all of them, isn't he?
【Honami】The way they all moved was so cute that I couldn't help but smile.
【Mizuki】Oh, those are also on the less crazy side!
【Mizuki】But that reminds me of this one device that made me totally crack up!
【Shizuku】Oh, what kind of device was it?
【Mizuki】You're never gonna guess... It was this thing that would play recordings of Tsukasa's voice whenever you pressed the button.
【Honami】Huh? Tsukasa's voice...?
【Mizuki】Yeah. They were recordings of things he'd said, but they were all really hilarious.
【Mizuki】For example, his trademark “Hah hah hah!” laugh... And the way he shouts, “Whaaat?!” whenever he's surprised!
【Mizuki】And that happens every time you press the button. I think I did a year's worth of laughing that time.
【Honami】Hehe. A button that makes you laugh each time you press it. That's so wonderful.
【Shizuku】Yes, it is. Can you tell us what other recordings there were?
【Mizuki】Umm... There was also his line about Tenma being written as “soaring pegasus”! And...
[Sound] bgm00000
