【MEIKO — A Clever Idea〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: A Clever Idea（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Connect Hearts Message
scenarioId: 025045_meiko01

[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Miku】I'm here with the message cards I made!
【Rin】I made some too! Here you are, you guys♪
【Plushies】Oh, you guys made more cards?!
【Plushies】We also made some. These are for you!
【Miku】Oh, for me?! Thank you♪
【Rin】Yay! Then, here's one from me!
【MEIKO】Oh, it looks like Miku and Rin are exchanging cards again.
【KAITO】It's sort of become their favorite activity recently after Emu came over and showed everyone how to make them.
【MEIKO】And it looks like somewhere along the way, the plushies learned how to make their own cards too.
【KAITO】Yes, but I can see why they like doing this so much.
【KAITO】Writing your feelings down on cards made with care, giving and getting them from each other... It makes everything feel kinder somehow.
【MEIKO】It's hard not to smile after seeing the recipient look so happy.
【MEIKO】I know...!
【MEIKO】KAITO! Why don't we do a show that centers around exchanging cards?!
【KAITO】Huh?
【MEIKO】We can't let the times pass us by. And I'm sure we'll be able to put on a wonderful show that everyone is going to love!
【KAITO】I see... Yes, I do like your idea.
【KAITO】Why don't we see what the others think?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Sound] bgm00020
【Len】A show about exchanging cards?! That sounds like a great idea!
【Rin】Yeah, exchanging cards is always so exciting! It's bound to be a super fun show☆
【MEIKO】Thank you all very much! Then, let's start discussing what the actual story is going to be about.
【Miku】Alright, it's brainstorming time☆
【Everyone】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Miku】If we're going to use message cards, then the story probably needs to involve telling others how you feel, right?
[Sound] bgm00190
【Luka】Then, what if we had the protagonist make one?
【MEIKO】Hmm... That's certainly the most logical choice, but I feel like we need a little bit more...
【MEIKO】Oh, what if the protagonist were a card?
【Rin】If the protagonist were a card?
【MEIKO】The person writing the message possesses such powerful feelings that they end up bringing the card to life!
【Rin】Oh, that's an amazing idea...!
【Len】Hey, wait a second... If it comes to life, then doesn't that mean it's gonna have its own feelings?
【KAITO】Yes, we'll need to think carefully about how that part will work.
【Miku】Then, what if we did this? It's drawn to the person's feelings, and from there...
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】Alright, we're set in terms of where we're going to go with this story!
[Sound] bgm00180
【KAITO】While writing her message, the girl's feelings manifest in the form of a fairy...
【KAITO】And this fairy embarks upon an adventure to deliver her message to its rightful recipient. That makes sense to me.
【MEIKO】Hehe. Thank you all for helping turn my idea into this wonderful story!
【KAITO】Now we still need to work on turning this into an actual show...
【MEIKO】We came up with so many different ideas, so pulling them all together tidily might be a bit tricky.
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_1
【Tsukasa】Ah, what are you all doing gathered up like this?
【MEIKO】Tsukasa...! Your timing couldn't have been better! Do you happen to be free right now?
【Tsukasa】Yes, I have time. We just finished practice over at Morinomiya, so I decided to come over here to take a break.
【MEIKO】Thank you! The thing is, for our next show...
[Sound] bgm00000
