【Hoshino Ichika — I Have To Act On My Own〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hoshino Ichika
Card: I Have To Act On My Own（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Let's Enjoy Together! SpoJoy Park
scenarioId: 001016_ichika01

[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Ichika】Let's see... SpoJoy Park's supposed to be near the station... So it should be this way, right?
【Ena】Yeah, that's also what the map on their website says.
【Minori】I can't wait to get there! I've actually kinda been interested in checking it out for a little while now.
【Kanade】Really? I walk by the station sometimes but didn't know about it at all.
【Ena】It's not supposed to be like a gym or anything, right?
【Minori】Yeah, it's more fun than that!
【Ichika】...
【Ichika】(How does Minori do it...? It's like she, Kanade and Ena are already good friends.)
【Ichika】(I finally got to meet Kanade again, so I'd like to talk more with her about her group, songwriting and tell her more about the shows we've been doing...)
【Kanade】...
【Ichika】(They've paused for a bit. Now's my chance...)
【Ena】Come to think of it, I get to hang out with an idol today. Mizuki's gonna be so jealous.
【Ichika】(Oh... I missed my chance...)
【Ena】Mizuki got all googly-eyed when we got to hang out to Airi and Shizuku that one time too.
【Minori】I didn't know that, but I can definitely empathize! I mean, Airi and Shizuku have these amazingly sparkly auras about them!
【Kanade】Oh, Ena, didn't you say you've known them since junior high school...?
【Ena】Airi, yes. She later introduced me to Shizuku.
【Ena】Oh, sorry about that. You probably don't know who I'm talking about, huh, Ichika?
【Ichika】No, um... It's okay... Actually, they're a year above me at school.
【Ena】Oh yeah, they are, aren't they? Being idols and all, are they pretty popular at school?
【Ichika】Yes, they are. So popular that everybody lines up to give them presents for their birthdays and such.
【Kanade】Wow, that's astounding. Have you ever given them gifts before, Hoshino?
【Ichika】Yes. I've known Shizuku since I was little and one of my childhood friends is a big fan of Momoi, so we go greet them together sometimes...
【Kanade】I see. I'm still having a hard time imagining what it'd be like to have idols going to the same school as me...
【Minori】Haha. Yeah, I feel that's pretty normal!
【Ichika】(I... I finally got to say something...)
【Ichika】(But I wouldn't have been able to if Ena didn't toss me a question...)
【Ichika】(Also, when I went out to eat with Kanade the other day, I felt like Honami and Asahina had to direct the conversation in order for me to say anything...)
【Ichika】(I still can't do much on my own...)
【Ichika】(But we're here, so I can't let things continue like this. I need to take advantage of this opportunity and actually talk to her!)
【Ichika】K-Kanade!
【Kanade】Hm? Yes?
【Ichika】Um... I hope today goes well!
【Kanade】Huh? Go well...?
【Ichika】Um, so... In terms of getting in some good exercise!
【Kanade】Oh, right. Yes, I hope so too.
【Ichika】G-Great!
【Ichika & Kanade】...
【Kanade】Also... I really liked that song you were singing earlier.
【Ichika】R-Really? Would you mind if I asked you to elaborate more?
【Kanade】I didn't get to hear all of it, so I can only talk about the parts that I did hear. Would that be okay?
【Ichika】Yes, of course.
【Kanade】The lyrics were very easy to digest and I could feel myself being immersed into your song's world.
【Kanade】The melody also had a cool feel to it, which your performance matched very well.
【Kanade】The solo version you played was nice, so I'm curious as to what it sounds like when you play it as a band.
【Ichika】...!
【Ichika】Thank you very much! I couldn't be happier to hear you say that, Kanade.
【Kanade】*Nod* I'm glad that I could help.
【Ichika】(Thank goodness... I got to talk to her a little.)
【Ichika】(And I got to hear what she thought of my street performance... That just leaves...)
【Minori】Ichika! Kanade! I think I see SpoJoy Park!
【Ichika】Oh, Minori and Ena have gone so far ahead...
【Kanade】We must've been walking slower than we realized.
【Ichika】You may be right. Let's go.
【Ichika】(I hope we get to talk more about the things we haven't been able to touch on while exercising at SpoJoy Park.)
[Sound] bgm00000
