【Mochizuki Honami — On The Music Video Set〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Mochizuki Honami
Card: On The Music Video Set（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Happy Enjoy Music!
scenarioId: 003041_honami02

[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Diner
【Honami】Nice work, everyone. You all did well during practice today.
【Saki】I thought we were gonna take it easy today since we just finished playing the festival, but we ended up practicing as hard as we normally do!
【Shiho】To be fair, we shouldn't let up just because we finished one gig.
【Ichika】But we sounded really good during practice today. Do you think it's because we played well during the festival?
【Honami】I think so. Oh, speaking of the festival, we'll be meeting with Mr. Shindo tomorrow to do a debrief.
【Shiho】He wants to discuss it while it's still fresh in our minds, right?
【Saki】A debrief, huh? Do you think he's gonna give us a pat on the back and stuff?
【Shiho】I seriously doubt that.
【Saki】Haha. I'm kidding♪
【Saki】Still, the festival was so awesome! All those music lovers gathered in one spot!
【Honami】Yes. I was a little worried at first, with the pressure to put on our best performance.
【Shiho】Plus, some popular bands went up before us.
【Ichika】That reminds me. This doesn't have anything to do with how we played, but the t-shirts everyone wore left a big impression on me.
【Ichika】It was incredible to see a sea of people wearing all kinds of different band t-shirts.
【Shiho】Yeah, you don't really see anything like that at live house events.
【Saki】Seeing those shirts makes me wish we had our own.
【Honami】As in, official Leo/need t-shirts...?
【Saki】Yeah! You all feel the same way, right?
【Ichika】To be honest, yes. Seeing someone wearing one of our shirts would make me so happy...
【Saki】Yeah, for sure! I guarantee it!
【Shiho】You guarantee it?
【Shiho】Well, as long as we keep at it, I'm sure they'll start making some for us.
【Honami】Right. As long as our fan base keeps growing and we keep doing shows.
【Saki】Then, we gotta keep trying in order to get our t-shirts made!
【Ichika】What was the biggest impression the festival left on you, Honami?
【Honami】Me? Well...
【Honami】After seeing all those other bands perform, I noticed how they used the large stage very differently from us.
【Saki】How they used the stage?
【Honami】Yes, they made use of all of it very well. For example, they interacted with the audience by moving across the entire length.
【Shiho】That's actually pretty common with bands who are used to doing shows.
【Ichika】I wish I could do what they can, but I'm not sure if I can yet...
【Honami】Also, some of them mentioned the festival itself while interacting with the audience.
【Honami】For instance, one person got everyone going by shouting, “We're not gonna let the other stages have more fun than us, are we?!”
【Honami】I really liked that. They used the festival's atmosphere to solidly connect with the audience.
【Ichika】Right. The audience does usually appreciate it when someone puts in that extra effort for them.
【Saki】Actually, this doesn't just apply to festivals. We could use some of what we've seen in our shows, too!
【Honami】Yes, we should try to employ all the good ideas that we can.
【Honami】Oh, one more thing comes to mind...
【Honami】Oh, what's that?
【Saki】Hehe. I'm just glad that our leader's so organized!
【Ichika】Making full use of a stage, interacting with the audience... It's really astonishing, since I didn't think to look at things so closely.
【Shiho】We're all glad that you're our leader, Honami.
【Honami】N-No, I just happened to notice those things...
【Shiho】That means you naturally picked up on those things. All the more reason for us to feel glad.
【Shiho】And since you made such good observations, why don't we discuss what we can or can't employ?
【Ichika】I agree. We can also ask what Mr. Shindo thought tomorrow.
【Saki】I also wanna hear what else you all noticed! And you gotta make sure to tell us more about what you saw, Hona!
【Honami】Okay...! Thank you all.
【Honami】Let's use tomorrow's debrief to learn how to put on better shows moving forward.
[Sound] bgm00000
