【Shinonome Akito — Happy Birthday! 2025〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Shinonome Akito
Card: Happy Birthday! 2025（BD）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 011040_akito01

[Background Change] bg_a000501
[Caption] Akito's birthday - After school
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Outside Empty Classroom
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_4
【Nene】Um, this classroom is where the party is.
【An】Right! Welcome to the venue, party of one!
【Akito】Hang on a minute.
【An】What's wrong? Tenma and the rest are already inside. Let's not keep them waiting.
【Akito】Not so fast. After getting this “birthday itinerary” handed to me, I've been nothing but suspicious.
【An】Really? Okay, let's see what's in here.
[Sound] se00122_b
【An】Present time, special birthday show... It feels pretty standard for them, doesn't it?
【Nene】Um... I'm sure it'll be fine. It's just an ordinary show this time.
【Akito】Really? I'm trusting you here.
[Sound] se00046_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000306
[Caption] Empty Classroom
【Toya】Welcome, Akito. Shiraishi, Kusanagi. Thank you for bringing him.
[Sound] bgm00190
【Rui】Hello. It seems everyone's assembled.
【Tsukasa】Akito!!!! Prepare for your birth to be celebrated at full force!!!!
【Kohane】Happy birthday, Shinonome! I'm glad we're all here to celebrate your special day.
【Emu】We hope you have tons and tons of fun☆
【Akito】Wait... Hold on a sec. Toya and the Wombos are one thing, but what are you two doing in our school?
【Emu】Hehehe♪ It was a great big wonderhoy surprise plan!
【Kohane】I just followed Emu as she led both of us here. I was worried someone would see us the whole time...
【Kohane】But it was all worth it to surprise you, Shinonome.
【Akito】Well, I am surprised... But hey, Mr. Hall Monitor. Is it okay to let non-students hang around in here?
【Tsukasa】It's true, they don't attend our school... But I think one day of special permission is warranted.
【Tsukasa】As a hall monitor, I see no disruption to school order in celebrating a dear friend's precious birthday!
【Akito】Come on, man, do your job.
【An】Hahaha! Don't sweat the small stuff. Everyone's here to surprise you and turn that frown upside down, after all!
【Toya】Yes. Once we heard that Tsukasa and the others planned to celebrate your birthday too, we decided to work out a plan to bring everyone in.
【Akito】So you're all in cahoots.
【Akito】I swear... Surprises are good and all, but you went too far this time. How were you planning to talk your way out of it if you got caught?
【Emu】In that case, we'd just call more people and have an even bigger wonderhoy party☆
【Tsukasa】Right! Now, with the surprise successfully executed...
【Tsukasa】Now, it's present time!!!
[Sound] se00209_b
【Akito】Present time... Right, that was on the itinerary.
【Tsukasa】Come, Akito! Accept this heartfelt gift from me!
【Akito】This is...
【Tsukasa】A super-size package of those popular hard gummy candies. I can guarantee their springy, chewy texture is to die for!
【Akito】Huh, that's a pretty thoughtful present coming from you, Tsukasa.
【Rui】And from me, a large bag of soda candies.
【Akito】Oh, are these the ones you're always snacking on?
【Rui】Exactly. They're made from 90% dextrose, the sugar your brain uses for fuel. Do enjoy them after practice or while studying.
【Emu】Okay, my turn, my turn! My turn now!
【Emu】Ta-da☆ Phoenix Wonderland's super popular souvenir, Choco Crunchy Phenny!
【Nene】Um... I got you a package of strawberry daifuku-flavored candy. It's only sold at amusement facilities, so I figured it'd be hard to find.
【Toya】I got you a set of cookies and drip coffee. The coffee is specially blended to complement the cookies, so I hope you'll enjoy them together.
【Kohane】I got you an assortment of baked chocolates. They won't melt on your hands, so you can eat them while you're working.
【An】And I got you some rum raisin buttercream sandwich cookies! The rum raisin flavor goes so great with the buttercream.
【Akito】Wow... Thanks, you guys. But is it just me, or are these mostly sweets?
【Rui】We heard from Aoyagi that you've been studying really hard lately. So we decided to each get you snacks you could enjoy while working.
【Akito】Oh... Right.
【Tsukasa】We've heard you're all reaching for a new goal, after all! So, let's all keep working hard for our respective dreams.
【Emu】I bet having lots of yummy things to enjoy will help you have fun studying, too!
【Nene】We can't do much to support you directly, but we hope that we can provide at least a little help.
【An】You heard them, Akito! Everyone's got our backs, so let's not let them down!
【Akito】Yeah, for sure.
【Akito】Seems I'll be set for snacks for a good while. Thanks, guys. I'll enjoy them.
[Sound] bgm00000
