【Hatsune Miku — Street SEKAI〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: Street SEKAI（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 021004_miku02

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
[Sound] se00006
【Miku】Welcome! Oh, it's you.
【Akito】Hey.
【MEIKO】Welcome, Akito. I see you've got Toya in tow.
【Toya】Hello.
【Miku】Are Kohane and An not with you this time?
【Akito】Why do you expect us to turn up together anyway?
【Miku】Because the four of you are a team, right?
【Akito】It just means we have the option to sing together. Besides, having the same goals doesn't mean we always hang out together.
【Miku】Your partner is as prickly as ever, Toya.
【Toya】That shows he's in good mood.
【MEIKO】Hehe. Well, I'm not complaining. I'm happy to get to see you in my cafe, with or without your other guys.
【MEIKO】Sit down and relax.
【Miku】Pick any table you like, the place is all yours.
【Akito】Sure thing. Toya, you want a coffee too?
【Toya】Yeah.
【MEIKO】Two coffees then? I'll be right back.
【Akito】...
【Miku】Are you looking for something, Akito?
【Akito】Just wondering why Len's not here.
【Miku】He might come later, but he doesn't come here every day.
【Akito】Hm...
【Miku】You wanted to talk to him?
【Akito】It wasn't anything important...
【Toya】He wanted to make sure Len patched things up with his partner.
【Akito】Dude!
【Miku】Oh? I see.
【Akito】He's helped me a great deal, so I wanted to check up on him.
【Miku】You have a strong sense of duty, don't you?
【Toya】He does. He turns up for work half an hour before his shift to check the inventory and whatnot, even though he only needs to be there ten minutes early.
【Akito】We're short-staffed, so I gotta do that.
【Miku】Is that so?
【Toya】I don't think that's the real reason.
【Akito】Are my words worth nothing to you?
【Miku】Hehe. Despite appearances, you have a serious nature?
【Toya】Not serious, but responsible, I'd say.
【Toya】If he says he'll do something, he will without cutting any corners. He's a perfectionist, and not only when it comes to music, but also his job and soccer club.
【Toya】Even more so when the other people involved are also very dedicated.
【Miku】Hmph...
【Akito】Why don't you talk about this kind of stuff when I'm not here, huh?
【Miku】He just wanted to clear up any misconceptions about you.
【Toya】That's right. Akito's easily misunderstood, which was the case with Kohane. It makes life harder for me too, so I rather it didn't happen.
【Miku】Hehe. You hear that, Akito?
【Akito】...
【MEIKO】Your coffees are ready!
【Akito】Thanks...
【Akito】...
【MEIKO】You seem perplexed.
【Akito】It's just that Toya's never been the chatty type but today he won't keep his mouth shut. Maybe he and Miku are on the same wavelength?
【MEIKO】Hehe. Since this SEKAI has been created from your feelings, and we're part of it, our personalities are somewhat similar to yours.
【Akito】Is that so...
【Toya】Another example, Akito's very caring towards his sister. He goes out to buy her snacks whenever she asks him to—
【Akito】Enough, Toya! I don't want you gossiping about me!
【Akito】And what's the situation with Len? Did he make up with his partner?
【Miku】Won't it be better if you ask him yourself?
【Akito】It doesn't look like he's coming today.
【Miku】Then ask him next time you see him.
【Akito】I'll have to come again, and I wanted to get it done today.
【MEIKO】You should visit whenever you like. It's your SEKAI.
【Toya】Let's try again some other time, Akito. We'll run into him eventually.
【Akito】Sigh... Fine.
【Akito】See you next time.
【Toya】The coffee was delicious, thank you.
【MEIKO】You're welcome. Take care, guys!
【Miku】See you.
[Sound] bgm00000
