【Hinomori Shizuku — Feels Like Magic〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hinomori Shizuku
Card: Feels Like Magic（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Cast a Spell on You
scenarioId: 008015_shizuku02

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Minori】Good morning!
【Shizuku】Good morning, Minori, Haruka.
【Airi】Have you checked our stream from yesterday? More people than usual have been watching it since it was archived.
【Minori】I saw! I couldn't believe it either! They must've really liked our little design competition.
【Haruka】Definitely. I have a feeling it's also because everyone's hoping to see us put on another show.
【Shizuku】I'm still surprised that we ended up going with my design.
【Minori】Really?! But your design was so good! You even made individualized outfits for all of us!
【Haruka】She's right. I'm really looking forward to seeing how those outfits turn out.
【Airi】Speaking of which, Shizuku, you said that you want to get more input from our fans to make your design even more wonderful. Can you handle all that?
【Shizuku】Yes. My goal is to keep refining what I already have while waiting for them to send us their thoughts.
【Minori】Refine what you already have?
【Shizuku】For instance, there are many different kinds of flowery lace that Airi chose for her design.
【Shizuku】That's why I think it's going to be important to choose the best material, and the best accessories and see if it all fits together through trial and error.
【Airi】I see. In that case, you should keep picking away at it until you're satisfied.
【Haruka】I agree.
【Minori】Me too!
【Shizuku】Thank you all very much. I promise to do everything I can to make this design even more wonderful than it already was.
【Airi】Good! And if you ever need a hand, feel free to let us know!
【Haruka】Right. We have countless different fabrics, lace, buttons, accessories and other materials to choose from, so determining which is best won't be easy...
【Shizuku】I appreciate your concern. But I should be okay when it comes to those things.
【Shizuku】I know just the person to ask♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] A few days later
[Caption] Sewing Lounge
[Sound] se00338
【Mizuki】Hey, Shizuku! Sorry about the wait.
【Shizuku】Hello, Mizuki. That's okay. Thank you so much for meeting me on such short notice.
【Mizuki】It's my pleasure! This is you we're talking about. I'll be there for you in a heartbeat if you ask♪
【Mizuki】Anyway, you want to talk about what materials to use for your stage outfits?
【Shizuku】Yes. I'd like to take a look at as many options as I can and choose the ones that fit our needs best.
【Shizuku】You mentioned before that you like doing collages, so I have a feeling you know quite a lot about these things.
【Mizuki】Now I understand! That explains why you asked me to show you a bunch of fabrics and materials.
【Mizuki】Like you said, there's a lot. So many that I'd really rather have you look at images of some of them to get a better idea...
[Sound] se00055
【Mizuki】But first... Here! I brought all the flowery lace stuff I could find at home!
【Mizuki】They really come in all shapes and sizes. Fine doesn't even begin to describe how detailed some of these patterns are!
【Shizuku】Oh, you're right...! I never knew that there were so many different patterns. This is incredible, Mizuki.
【Mizuki】Heh heh heh. We're just getting started.
【Mizuki】Ta-daa! I brought some colored lace too♪
【Shizuku】Oh, that's such a pretty color! This color... It seems so bright and cheerful.
【Shizuku】But this one has a much crisper color to it. Oh, this other one's gradated.
【Shizuku】Hehe. It's like you're a professional having all this lace in your possession.
【Mizuki】Haha! Sometimes I really wonder if I could actually open my own store.
【Mizuki】So, come one, come all! I've got lots of cute stuff on offer!
【Shizuku & Mizuki】Hehe. Haha.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002302
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Shizuku】Thank you for meeting with me today, Mizuki. I have a feeling my design's going to improve so much now because of you.
【Mizuki】You're very welcome! I'm just glad that I was able to help, Shizuku.
【Mizuki】Still, I really love how you guys are turning your design into actual outfits with the help of your fans.
【Shizuku】Yes, it'll be the first time many of them are anything like this.
【Shizuku】But we were able to put on an event in real life because of them, so I'm sure our outfits will turn out well if we really work together.
【Mizuki】Work together, huh? That's really nice. It's so MMJ!
【Mizuki】And as another MMJ fan, I'm really happy that I got a chance to help you like this.
【Shizuku】You are? I'm glad you feel that way.
【Shizuku】I promise to make sure that our outfits turn into something truly wonderful.
【Shizuku】I want to exceed our fans' expectations, including you, Mizuki!
[Sound] se00089
【Mizuki】Wah! Your smile's blinding!
【Mizuki】Feel free to ask for any help if you ever need it! I want to give you all the support I can!
【Shizuku】Thank you! Your help means so much!
[Sound] bgm00000
