【Hatsune Miku — Featuring Hello Kitty〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: Featuring Hello Kitty（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 021045_miku02

[Background Change] bg_i000113
[Caption] ???
【Miku】This SEKAI is much larger than I expected. I discover something new here every day. It's so much fun♪
【Hello Kitty】Yes, it is! Everyone's found their own favorite spots too, and it seems like they're having a great time!
[Sound] se00566
[Sound] se00566
【Rin】Miku! Kitty! Would you like to ride the boat with us?
【Miku & Hello Kitty】Boat?
【Pompompurin】Yeah! It's a ride here that looks just like the Sanrio Character Boat Ride from Puroland!
【Miku】That sounds like fun. I'd love to ride with you!
【Hello Kitty】Hehe, yes! Let's all ride together♪
[Sound] se00171_b
[Sound] se00664
【KAITO】Hello, Pochacco. Where are you off to?
【Pochacco】That bridge over there! Miku and the others are gonna go on the boat ride, so I'm gonna go over there and wave to them!
【KAITO】That sounds like fun! What do you two think, shall we join him?
【KUROMI】Oh KAITO, I could never say no to you!
【My Melody】Hmmm, I think I would rather go on the boat ride...
【My Melody】Kuromi...?
【KUROMI】Nope! I'm goin' with KAITO and that's that.
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_3
【Luka】In that case, care to ride with us, My Mel?
【My Melody】Really? Hehe, thank you♪
【MEIKO】By the way, does the boat only circle the area around the Wisdom Tree?
【Cinnamoroll】Teehee. I think it'll surprise you♪
【MEIKO】Surprise me?
【Luka】I wonder what that could mean. I'm excit—
【Miku, Rin & Hello Kitty's Voices】Eep!
【Len & Pompompurin's Voices】Woohoo! Ahaha!
【My Melody】I-I changed my mind. I want to go to the bridge with Kuromi instead...
【Cinnamoroll】Huuuh? It'll be okay♪ We'll all be together!
【Luka】We can ride holding hands, if you like. Then you won't have to be afraid.
【My Melody】R-Really? Do you promise you won't let go until we get off?
【Luka】Of course, we promise.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Pochacco】Welcome back! How was the boat ride?
[Sound] bgm00089
【Len】It was really cool seeing all the different sights with everyone! And I loved the part where it slid down that slope like “whoosh”!
【Hello Kitty】Yeah! But the drop was scarier than the one in Puroland. It really surprised me.
【My Melody】I thought I was going to go flying...
【Cinnamoroll】It was great! My ears went swish, flop, flop in the breeze♪
【Miku】By the way, there was a white house I saw from the boat. What is that?
【KUROMI】It's Puroland's number-one hot spot! Right, Kitty?
【Hello Kitty】Hehe. That's my home, Lady Kitty House. It has a rose garden and a dress tower. It's totally cute and chic!
【Miku】A rose garden and a dress tower? That sounds so stylish!
【KUROMI】Riiight? And it— *Gasp* Nooo!
【Pochacco】Wah! That scared me!
【Cinnamoroll】What's wrong, Kuromi? Did you forget something on the boat?
【KUROMI】I didn't go on the boat! It's not that!
【KUROMI】*Sigh* Lady Kitty House is filled with a bunch of super cute stuff and I completely forgot to tell Ena and the others about it!
【Miku】Huh? Ena?
【KUROMI】I was hangin' in my favorite spot when I ran into her and her friends. They just appeared all of a sudden.
【Pompompurin】Oh! When I was exploring, I ran into a girl named Saki and her friends, and we became best buds!
【Pochacco】Me too! Me too! I made friends with a boy called Toya and his team, and showed them my secret flower field!
【Len】Huh?! Could they be the ones who formed this SEKAI?!
【Luka】It seems so. Did you meet someone too, Cinnamon?
【Cinnamoroll】Oh, I met Emu and her friends! We hung out together all day♪
【My Melody】Airi and her friends helped me bake cookies!
【My Melody】We made enough to share with everyone, so there's plenty left. Do you want some?
【Cinnamoroll】Hurray♪
【Rin】So you all met them in this SEKAI!
【Pompompurin】Wait, do you guys know them too?
【Miku】Yes. We watch over them so they can find their true feelings and work hard to follow their dreams.
【Hello Kitty】Watch over them...
【Pochacco】Oh! Toya said he and his team are working hard to surpass this legendary night!
【Cinnamoroll】Emu said she and her troupe want to make tons of people smile with their shows♪
【Len】At first, we didn't know how things would turn out for them. Everyone had forgotten their true feelings, or buried them deep down.
【KAITO】It was very difficult at the time, but I'm so glad they rediscovered their feelings.
【MEIKO】Yes! And those feelings gave birth to songs.
【Hello Kitty】Wooow! I wonder what kind of songs. They must be wonderful!
【Rin】Hm? You don't seem very surprised to hear that feelings can give birth to songs.
【Hello Kitty】That's right. I can kind of understand that.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Hello Kitty】After all, I sing songs to tell everyone “You can do it!” and “It will be okay!”
【Pompompurin】Teehee. Songs help you say things that are hard to put to words♪
【Miku】They're precious because they let people express their emotions.
【Luka】Yes, they are.
【Miku】Hey, Kitty! I'd love to go see Lady Kitty House if that's okay?
[Sound] bgm00253
【Hello Kitty】Yes, of course! I was just thinking the same thing.
【Hello Kitty】I wonder if it will be different than the one in Puroland.
【Pochacco】I'll come with! I haven't explored over there yet.
【Pompompurin】Me too♪
【KUROMI】Oh yeah! In Puroland, that area's where we keep the eco-friendly My Melocars I came up with! I wonder if they're here too.
【Len】Eco-friendly My Melocar? I want to ride that!
【Rin】What?! I want to ride too, but I also want to see the fancy house!
【Pompompurin】Then let's do both!
【Cinnamoroll】Yup yup♪ The more fun the better!
【Hello Kitty】Hehe, let's have another day filled with fun everyone♪
【Miku】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
