【Kamishiro Rui — A Step Closer To My Dream〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: A Step Closer To My Dream（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Dear My Fellows
scenarioId: 016045_rui02

[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
[Sound] se00055_b
【Rui】(Ah, here it is. “The Traveling Troupe”... It's been quite a while since I last read this script.)
【Rui】(We did this show not too long ago, but it feels nostalgic nonetheless...)
【???】Ah, there you are.
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_4
【Rui】Oh, what are you all doing here?
【Nene】Miku and the others said you were here in SEKAI, so we were wondering where.
【Tsukasa】What are you doing here?
【Rui】I was looking for this.
【Emu】That's... The script for “The Traveling Troupe”?
【Rui】Yes. Remember how we ended up performing it in that dream?
【Rui】That seems to have made me want to read it again.
【Tsukasa】I see... I understand how you feel.
【Nene】That show does mean a lot to us.
【Emu】Yeah! I know it was just a dream, but getting to put it on together made me so happy!
【Rui】Me as well...
【Rui】Come to think of it, this show's been involved in our troupe's most critical moments.
【Tsukasa】It was where everything began for our troupe.
【Tsukasa】Without this show, Wonderlands×Showtime would probably never have existed.
【Rui】I agree. It was also the show we used to say goodbye to the Wonder Stage.
【Emu】Hehe. The Wonder Stage was so sparkly and full of smiles when we did this show that time...
【Nene】Yeah. That's a really nice memory...
【Rui】During that dream...
【Rui】I believe this show helped us remember what matters most to us, including all of our memories of the past.
【Emu】What matters most to us?
【Rui】Yes. For example, the moments we were able to grow because we were all together.
【Rui】And just how precious the time we get to spend together as Wonderlands×Showtime really is.
【Nene】The time we get to spend together... Yeah, I think it was this show that reminded me.
【Rui】In that sense, this show has a very special place in our hearts.
【Tsukasa】Which is why you mentioned how this show has been involved in our troupe's most critical moments...
【Rui】Yes. So, the next time we do this show, we may find ourselves at another crossroads.
【Nene】When do you think that's gonna be...?
【Tsukasa】Well, all I can say for certain is that...
【Tsukasa】The next time we perform “The Traveling Troupe”, we'll need to put on our best rendition of it yet!
【Tsukasa】Just another reason for us to keep growing!
【Nene】You're focused on the quality of the performance?
【Emu】But I agree with him. The next time we perform it, I want it to be even more fun and exciting!
【Rui】Yes, I'm not about to let my past self defeat me.
【Rui】Since I am the director of Wonderlands×Showtime.
【Rui】(What sorts of shows are we going to be able to do as we travel and grow as a troupe?)
【Rui】(Just the thought is making my heart dance.)
[Sound] bgm00000
