【Shinonome Akito — I Won't Miss It Next Time〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Shinonome Akito
Card: I Won't Miss It Next Time（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Whip Yourself into Shape!
scenarioId: 011036_akito01

[Background Change] bg_a000701
[Sound] se00342_b
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Rooftop
[Sound] se00018_b
【Akito】Hey, Toya. It's rare of you to ask if we can have lunch up here.
【Toya】Ah, I apologize for springing that on you so suddenly, but I was looking for a place where we could talk privately.
【Akito】Talk privately...?
【Akito】About An?
【Toya】How did you know? I hadn't said anything yet.
【Akito】It makes sense given the timing. You just learned about what was going on with her yesterday.
【Toya】Right. She told me about what she's been feeling, but I was hoping to hear your take on this situation.
【Toya】At the same time...
【Toya】I'm kicking myself for not noticing what she was going through. I mean, we've been spending so much time together.
【Akito】Don't beat yourself up. I only found out because I noticed she was acting a little funny.
【Akito】Not to mention, even when she's at the point of breaking, she always bounces back once one of us says something to her.
【Akito】So, there was no way for us to know about this. There's no reason for you to be blaming yourself.
【Toya】I see...
【Toya】But in that sense, you've sort of been helping keep her and the rest of this team afloat, Akito.
【Akito】...? What do you mean?
【Toya】It seems like you've been the one facilitating Shiraishi's bounce-backs, Akito. You're always asking how she's doing during events and our usual practices.
【Toya】Which is why I believe that you've been a massive pillar of support for her and the rest of our team.
【Akito】I mean, we're friends, so I feel like it's normal for me to ask how she's doing if I see something's up.
【Akito】But you're giving me more credit than I deserve. She always finds a way to pick herself back up.
【Akito】If she says, “I'm okay. I can do this,” then I'm going to believe her.
【Toya】Yes, and I'd expect nothing less from you.
【Toya】However, I felt something when I talked to all of you for my song...
【Toya】The idea of a “partner” has a special place in Shiraishi's heart.
【Akito】Yeah.
【Akito】She needs a partner in order to chase after her dream and make it come true.
【Akito】Like Ken and his team. Partners you can always count on.
【Toya】Right...
【Toya】Does that mean you also spent a period of time searching for a good partner like Shiraishi did?
【Akito】Yeah, kinda.
【Akito】But I wouldn't really call it a massive search. All I did was try talking to whoever I thought would be good.
【Akito】That's how I ended up going around to all sorts of different events and stuff.
【Akito】Fortunately, I didn't have to spend much time looking. I ended up meeting you relatively fast.
【Toya】I see. I'm glad to hear that.
【Toya】And yet...
【Toya】Without knowing any of that, I tried to distance myself from you...
【Toya】I honestly had no idea that you valued me so much...
【Toya】For that, you have my deepest apologies...
【Akito】Toya...
【Akito】That's all ancient history.
【Akito】I don't care about that anymore. Also, it works both ways, right?
【Akito】Remember that time when...?
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_c000601
【Akito】Fine then, leave!
[Sound] se00051_b
【Akito】And never show your face around here again!
[Background Change] bg_a000701
【Akito】I totally lost my cool and lashed out at you.
【Akito】That's sort of why I took what you said at face value.
【Akito】Even though I knew that you weren't the type of person to walk all over someone's dream.
【Toya】Akito...
【Akito】I mentioned this a while back, but it took everything I had to keep up with you.
【Akito】Which is why I didn't have the mental space to notice if there was anything going on with you.
【Akito】As your partner, I feel bad about not making that connection.
【Akito】But we're standing here right now because we managed to get through all that.
【Akito】And I eventually learned about what was really bothering you.
【Toya】Right... Thank you, Akito.
【Akito】(I'm not making the same mistake again...)
【Akito】(I'm never losing sight of what my partner or teammates are feeling again.)
【Akito】If An's ever in a tight spot and runs out of options, then we're going to be there to help her.
【Akito】We have to believe in our teammates and keep doing what we can.
【Toya】Yes...!
[Sound] bgm00000
