【Momoi Airi — Many Feelings Delivered〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Many Feelings Delivered（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Beyond The Dream of That Day
scenarioId: 007020_airi01

[Background Change] bg_a002201
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard
[Sound] se00104
【Airi】(Us appearing on TV, huh...?)
【Airi】(I told everyone that we should sleep on it before making a decision, so I should probably step back to reevaluate our situation...)
【???】Airi, wait!
[Sound] se00100
【Airi】Hm? Shizuku? I thought you were going to archery club today.
【Shizuku】I was, but I decided not to go because I wanted to use that time to think about us appearing on TV.
【Airi】I see...
【Shizuku】Would you mind if we talked for a bit on our way home, Airi?
【Airi】Of course I wouldn't. I mean, this problem involves all of us.
【Shizuku】I really appreciate it!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001001
[Sound] bgm00018
【Shizuku】So, Airi, you're for us making this appearance, yes?
【Airi】Yeah. Like I said when we were on the rooftop, I feel that the benefits far outweigh the costs.
【Airi】Also, I think hashing out all the good and bad regarding the media is really important...
【Airi】Haruka doesn't seem to have much experience with that, which may be why she's so apprehensive.
【Shizuku】Right...
【Shizuku】I'm actually a little worried about how they're going to introduce and present Minori...
【Airi】Well, after putting on our solo show, I doubt they're gonna label her an “amateur” or anything like that...
【Airi】Still, there really is a lot that we need to consider...
【Shizuku】Yes, there is...
【Airi】By the way, did you ever meet the old director for The Wide World of Laughs? He worked on a music variety show after that, so I'm pretty sure that you have, Shizuku...
【Shizuku】I remember, but I don't understand what he has to do with our current situation...?
【Airi】So, when I appeared on his show with QT, they really surprised us with the way they edited everything. Our agency couldn't believe it either.
【Shizuku】What?
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Airi】We did a tongue twister game for one segment, and I didn't make any mistakes as they began throwing some curveballs at me.
【Airi】Then, they challenged me with a tongue twister that even some announcers have trouble saying.
【Airi】I was doing just fine until then, but I got so mixed up that it sounded like I was casting a spell for something.
【Airi】At the same time, that's pretty common for TV, right? Someone boasts that a task is gonna be a piece of cake and they end up failing miserably.
【Shizuku】Yes... That seems fairly standard for variety shows.
【Airi】Or so you'd think...
[Background Change] bg_a001001
【Airi】When I saw it on TV, they'd completely left out the part where I did well and only kept the part where I totally messed up.
【Shizuku】Left out...? They cut all of it?
【Airi】Yup. They even left in the talk portions that didn't have to do with the tongue twisters, so I've gotta think what they did was intentional.
【Airi】At the time, neither our group nor our agency could figure out why they edited the show that way.
【Airi】However, I learned something when we were asked to make another appearance.
【Airi】The program was meant to be about challenges, but as it turns out, he wanted to feature people who made mistakes or just barely managed to succeed over the ones who didn't have any trouble.
【Airi】In theory, that makes for a more fun and interesting program...
【Airi】But it became clear that he wanted to shine the spotlight on those who were trying their very best.
【Shizuku】Oh...
【Shizuku】Now that you mention it, he always made sure to praise new members and tell them how good of a job they did.
【Airi】Exactly. And he was someone who really paid attention to people who went the extra mile.
【Airi】While some people may ask you to do crazy things, there are also those who pick up on what you want others to see.
【Shizuku】Yes, that's true...
【Airi】Oh, sorry... I didn't mean to surprise you with this story.
【Airi】My opinion is based on my own lived experience, Shizuku, so you have to come up with your own, okay?
【Shizuku】Yes, I understand.
【Shizuku】Actually, your story reminded me of when I appeared on this one program a long time ago.
【Airi】Really? Go on.
【Airi】After talking about this with you, Shizuku, I kinda want to go back and watch all our old shows.
【Airi】It'd be nice to get back in the groove of all that.
【Shizuku】I'd like to as well. I hope we still have the recordings...
【Shizuku】Oh, I particularly would like to see that tongue twister game you mentioned.
【Airi】Sure, but... Wait, you just want to see the part where I mess up, don't you?
【Shizuku】Hehe. Oh, Airi. You know me too well.
【Airi】Hah, that's cute. You're not gonna fool me so easily.
[Sound] bgm00000
