【Kiritani Haruka — Together With Our Little Fans〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Together With Our Little Fans（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Happy Lovely Everyday!
scenarioId: 006011_haruka01

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Haruka】I wonder if Miku and the others are here... Ah...
【Miku】Good luck! And give Airi my regards♪
[Sound] se00049
【MEIKO】Oh! Hi, girls! Welcome♪
【MEIKO】Is Airi with you by chance?
【Luka】Incidentally, Len just went off to see her about getting some advice concerning his show...
【Shizuku】No, she isn't with us. I'm sure he'll be able to see her.
【Minori】Actually, the three of us came here in secret...
【Miku】Oh, why's that...?
【Haruka】Well... There's something we'd like to discuss with you...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Miku】I see...
【Luka】Even though she's an idol in her own right, she wasn't seen or lauded as a real idol. That must've been so hard for her to deal with...
【Shizuku】Yes, I'm sure it was. She was also worried about how she wasn't giving back or delivering hope to anyone...
【Minori】That's why we came here. We want to find a way to cheer her up...
【Haruka】One idea we had was to have Airi do a special performance on her own.
【Miku】Just her?
【Haruka】Yes. We're pretty certain that the students at the elementary school already know all about her.
【Haruka】But we also want her to sing, dance and interact with them to show everyone that she's an idol in every sense of the word.
【Shizuku】I'm sure Airi would like that as well since it'll give her a chance to spread her wings and show them what a wonderful idol she is.
【Miku】I see. That sounds fantastic!
【MEIKO】I agree! Especially since Airi's a total pro when it comes to performing on stage...
【MEIKO】It'll be a great opportunity for them to see just how great an idol she really is, no?
【Luka】Yes, it should be♪ Oh, but weren't you already scheduled to perform during this event?
【Haruka】Yes, we'll be performing as a group, but we'll have Airi do an extra show on top of that. At least, that's our plan...
【Miku】Oh, is there something that might prevent that from happening...?
【Haruka】Yes, there are some issues we'll need to work out...
【Haruka】First, Airi's going to have to practice just that much more since she'll be doing an extra performance...
【Haruka】We're still not even sure about what she should sing during this because it's a solo act...
【Miku】I see...
【Miku】But all of you believe doing a solo performance would yield the greatest benefit for her, right?
【Haruka】Right...
【Shizuku】Yes, I'd also really like to give her a chance to stand proudly on that stage and sing to her heart's content.
【Minori】Me too! I've seen how Airi shines on stage and looks so cute when she's up there, so I want everyone else to also see that for themselves!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Miku】Then, I say let's do it...!
【Haruka】Let's...?
[Sound] bgm00039
【Miku】Like you said, Haruka, we're going to be asking a lot of Airi on top of having to pick the right song for her to sing.
【Miku】But despite all that, you want her to do this, right?
【Miku】Why don't we put our heads together and try to figure something out?
【Haruka】Miku...
【MEIKO】We'd be happy to help too♪ Right, Luka?
【Luka】Yes, of course! She means just that much to all of us, so I believe it'll be worth the effort♪
【Luka】And I'm sure Airi will be happy to hear that she'll have more song options to choose from!
【Luka】So happy that she might just say, Who's gonna say no to more stage time?...♪
【Minori】Hehe. That was perfect! I think she really might!
【Shizuku】Of course.
【Shizuku】That's because she's an idol who can really inspire hope in others.
【Haruka】Right...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a000801
【Airi】Yeah, you're right. We all decided that we're gonna spread hope to others, didn't we? That means we have to take on whatever challenges that come our way.
【Haruka】You're right... There's never just one path.
【Haruka】Airi, thank you for suggesting this. I... I think I was being a little stubborn.
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Haruka】(Oh, I did it again...)
【Haruka】Thank you, Miku. You too, Luka, MEIKO. I think I let my stubbornness get the best of me again.
【Haruka】Everything you said is correct. We're not the ones who should be deciding what Airi can or can't do.
【Haruka】It's important to understand the risks behind our choices...
【Haruka】But we're idols who want to spread hope to everyone, so we should also strive to be able to turn bad into good!
【Haruka】Minori, Shizuku, let's go with this!
【Minori & Shizuku】Yeah! Okay!
【Minori】Oh, that reminds me! What if we also did this...?
【Minori】Airi should get as much time as she needs to practice her song and dance routine, so why don't we do whatever we can to make that happen?
【Shizuku】Oh, I like that too! We can be in charge of making and gathering props for the quiz and such!
【Haruka】Great idea. The three of us can help reduce her workload by quite a bit if we work together...
【Miku】That just leaves which song to choose!
【Haruka】Right. I was hoping to have her sing a song that means something to her. Any ideas...?
【Luka】What if she sang her group's debut track or anything from around the time she was just starting out as an idol...?
【Luka】It can mark the start of a new chapter in her story as an idol♪ And more importantly, as a member of MORE MORE JUMP!
【Minori】Yeah, that'd be great! I remember her saying that Rainbow Garland was one of her favorites!
【Haruka】Yes, it is a good idea...
【Shizuku】However, we also have to think about how we're going to get permission to use these songs.
【Haruka】Exactly. We might not receive permission in time for this event if we have to jump through all those hoops.
【Minori】R-Right...
【Haruka】Sorry, Luka. It's such a nice idea too.
【Luka】Don't mind me♪ Rules are rules.
【MEIKO】What if you asked one of the higher-ups directly? Wouldn't that be the fastest way of getting permission?
【Minori】Ask them directly...?
【Shizuku】One of the higher-ups...? Like one of the writers...?
【Haruka】Huh? Y-Yeah... I guess that's one way to go about this...
【Shizuku】Wait, I know...!
【Haruka】Do you have a lead?
【Shizuku】Yes, I believe I do...! Please, leave this one to me!
【Haruka】Okay, it's all yours!
【Haruka】But don't be afraid to ask for help if you run into any trouble, okay?
【Shizuku】Thank you! I promise!
【Minori】So how are we gonna tell her all this...?
【Haruka】We'll have to work out what we'll be doing for our sneak preview, how to reveal what Airi's going to be doing as well as any other relevant details.
【Haruka】If we are actually going to announce this during our event preview, we really don't have much time to prepare.
【Minori】I'm sure we'll make it in time as long as we work together!
【Shizuku】I agree. I'll do everything I can if it means helping Airi!
【Miku】We'll be there for you too if you need us!
【Haruka】Thank you all so much. We really appreciate it.
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a000803
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Haruka】(Airi's always looking after us to make sure we function well as a group.)
【Haruka】(She really knows how to keep conversations going and when to throw in a joke or two...)
【Haruka】(She's become the foundation on which our group stands because of all that.)
【Haruka】(And now, it's our turn to help her...)
【Haruka】Let's do everything we can for Airi!
【Minori & Shizuku】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
