【Hanasato Minori — Passionate Talk!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hanasato Minori
Card: Passionate Talk!（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Cast a Spell on You
scenarioId: 005013_minori02

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Haruka】See you next time, everyone!
【Minori】Bye bye!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00020
【Airi】Great stream, everyone!
【Minori】That went so well! Also, Shizuku, congratulations on getting your design chosen!
【Shizuku】Thank you, Minori.
【Shizuku】I still can't believe mine got chosen. Especially considering how lovely your designs were.
【Airi】I mean, we all worked really hard on them just for today.
【Airi】But in the end, Shizuku, I genuinely felt that your design's the one that would propel us forward.
【Minori】Yeah, me too! I can't wait to put on a show while wearing your outfit!
【Haruka】Hehe. I can't wait either.
【Shizuku】All of you...
【Shizuku】At the same time, I don't want your wonderful ideas you came up with to go to waste. That'd be too much of a shame, don't you think...?
【Shizuku】Some of our viewers even said so themselves.
【Airi】Yeah, I get how you feel... If I'm gonna be honest, one outfit probably won't be enough...
【Haruka】If that's the case, why don't we keep working on our outfits with our fans alongside Shizuku's...?
【Haruka】Hers will obviously take priority, but it'll be a good opportunity for us to think beyond the present.
【Minori】Th-That's a great idea! I'm 100%... No, 1000% for it!
【Minori】That way, I won't have to give up on my dream of Haruka wearing the angel outfit I designed!
【Airi】Wow... You just can't help yourself, can you...?
【Minori】Times like these, it's best to look at things from a fan's perspective!
【Shizuku】Yes, I agree! It's important to think about how they'll see us in these outfits.
【Minori】Yeah, exactly!
【Minori】Oh, also... Something's been on my mind the entire time I was designing my outfit.
【Shizuku】Like another idea?
【Minori】Yeah!
【Minori】This time, we had a chance to see what our fans thought when it came to our designs.
【Minori】So, I thought it'd be nice if we could have them design some stuff for us too.
【Minori】Because I'm sure there are others out there who are thinking, “I want to see them sing and dance while wearing the outfit I designed!”
【Airi】Yeah, Minori might be right.
【Shizuku】Yes, I think it's a wonderful idea.
【Minori】Woohoo! How about you, Haruka?!
【Haruka】I agree with them.
【Haruka】They might be able to come up with a great design or find a way to present us in an even better light because they'll be seeing things from their perspective.
【Minori】Yes! Haruka, you really understand...!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Haruka】However, we can't always be asking them for favors like we did during our event the other day.
【Minori】Huh?
【Haruka】We're asking for their help, which means we should be compensating them accordingly.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Minori】Oh...
【Airi】She's right. I mean, we got together what we could for our last event.
【Airi】But it's not exactly a fair trade considering how much they all had to work.
【Haruka】We're trying to spread and inspire hope in others, so we need to buckle up when it comes to these kinds of things...
【Shizuku】I agree. We may not be able to do so now, but it is something we'll have to seriously consider.
【Minori】Yeah...
【Minori】(I was so happy when I heard we'd be putting on our own event and designing our own outfits...)
【Minori】(But we can't keep waiting for them to throw a gift in our lap.)
【Minori】So... Does that mean we shouldn't have them make our outfits for us?
【Haruka】No, I don't think so.
【Haruka】You said it yourself, Minori. It'll be a fun experience for them and a dream come true for some.
【Minori】A-Are you sure?
【Airi】Yeah. Hearing design ideas from them isn't necessarily a bad thing.
【Airi】We just need to make sure everyone's compensated for their work once it's all said and done.
【Shizuku】And we'll want to discuss a matter such as this sooner rather than later.
【Haruka】Exactly. We can set aside some time for that when we get to that bridge.
【Minori】Okay!
【Haruka】But that also means we'll need to work out all the details for Shizuku's design.
【Minori】Especially if we want to have them for our next show!
【Airi】Precisely!
【Airi】So ask us for help if you ever think you need it, Shizuku!
【Shizuku】Thank you. I will.
【Minori】(Compensation, huh...?)
【Minori】(Those three are so professional. It's like they know exactly what do to and where to be careful...)
【Minori】(Even if it's little by little, I want to learn how to think like that too!)
[Sound] bgm00000
