【Kiritani Haruka — Happy Birthday! 2023〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Happy Birthday! 2023（BD）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 006019_haruka01

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【MEIKO】Haruka, happy...
【Miku】...birthday!
【Haruka】Thank you, everyone.
【Airi】Though the actual day is tomorrow... This feels like a pre-celebration of sorts.
【Len】You'll be doing a birthday livestream for Haruka tomorrow, right?
【Minori】That's right! That's also exactly why I suggested we celebrate today with everyone!
【Shizuku】We will also be celebrating with our friends from school on the weekend. It seems like this week is going to be so lively.
【Haruka】I feel somewhat bad for all of this. You really didn't need to put on so many celebrations for me.
【Minori】Absolutely not. It is our complete pleasure! Also, the day you were born into this world is a very important event for all of us!
【Minori】If anything, it's so important that this should be a month of national holidays!
【Airi】Your love for her is over the top as always...
【KAITO】But I'm glad that we were able to celebrate Haruka's birthday all together like this.
【Luka】We'll be doing bingo after this, won't we? Ever since you told us, I've been fidgeting in excitement. I can't wait to try it out♪
【Minori】Oh, that reminds me! I brought the bingo machine me and my family used when I was a kid!
【Minori】Here it is!
【Haruka】Oh, it's so cute. I didn't know there were bingo machines this small.
【Shizuku】You're right. But its size makes it so much easier to take out and play anytime.
【Airi】Hehe. I've prepared some luxurious prices for first, second and third place, so I hope you're all excited.
【Rin】Oooh! Luxurious prizes?! I wonder what they are!
【Haruka】But we need someone to operate the machine, right? That means one person won't be able to participate...
【Airi】Which is why I decided that I'll be the host of this. Besides, I already know what the prizes are, and if I end up getting bingo first it'll be a little awkward...
【MEIKO】Hehe, thank you, Airi!
【Airi】Alright, let's get this show on the road. I'll be handing out the bingo sheets, so please take whichever one you'd like! But remember, each sheet will determine your fate, so you may want to choose carefully!
【Minori, Shizuku & Haruka】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00052
【Minori】F-f-f-fi...
【Minori】Finally! I only have one number away from bingo!
【Airi】Oh, congrats, Minori! Is what I'd like to say, but...
【Airi】You're the last one to get there. Actually, everyone already got there... Shizuku on the other hand is on her way to a triple bingo if Lady Luck shines on her.
【Minori】Waaaah! But the numbers just never lined up!
【Haruka】Well bingo is all about luck.
【Haruka】But at least you managed to catch up before anyone was able to get bingo, Minori. It's going to be more exciting now. Good luck!
[Sound] se00089
【Minori】Haruka...
【Minori】Thank you! With you cheering me on, I have a feeling I'll get all of the numbers and punch out the whole sheet!
【KAITO】I don't think that would be bingo anymore...
【Haruka】But ever since Shizuku got three lines ready for bingo, none of her numbers have come up...
【Shizuku】That's true... I wonder why. Things were going so well at the beginning...
【Rin】But having three lines is amazing! I'm still at only one line!
【Miku】Since anyone could get bingo now, the next number might determine the winner!
【Minori】You're right! I was last to get to this point but I might be lucky enough to win in the end!
【Minori】Alright, I'm going to wish as much as I can right now! Please, all-powerful beings of the universe and the Goddess Haruka...!
【Haruka】I don't think sending me your wish will do you any good.
【Airi】Hehe. Okay, let's roll again!
【Airi】So, the number that'll determine the winner...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00275
【Airi】Is here! Number... 105!
【Len】Aww...
【Minori】Huh? 105?! That means...
【Haruka】Oh. Bingo.
[Sound] bgm00006
【Minori】What? You too, Haruka?! I got bingo too!
【Airi】So that means Minori and Haruka got bingo at the same time?
【Miku】Actually, about that...
【Miku】I also got bingo with 105.
【Rin】Whaaat! You too, Miku?!
【Shizuku】Wow! Congratulations, everyone!
【Airi】To think that three people would get bingo at the same time. I wasn't expecting that, but a kinda funny turn of events.
【Luka】But, what do we do about the prizes? You prepared them based on who would get what place, right?
【Miku】Of course, we'll be giving Haruka first prize! She's the star of the day after all♪
【Haruka】What? That doesn't seem right.
【Minori】It's absolutely fine! It's your birthday bingo, and more importantly...
【Minori】The number that got you bingo was 105! The very date of your birthday! Did any of you guys notice?
【Shizuku】Oh! Now that you mention it, you're right.
【Minori】Therefore, without a doubt, first place must go to Haruka! Congratulations!
[Sound] se00221
【Haruka】Without a doubt? Must? I don't know about that but if you all say so, then I'll kindly take it.
【Haruka】Thank you, everyone.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000701
[Sound] song00004_off_f
[Caption] Haruka's birthday
[Caption] Haruka's Room
【Minori】And that is how...
【Minori】Haruka won a massage gun that helps you loosen up your muscles at her birthday party yesterday!
【Comments】<Congrats on getting first prize at your birthday party bingo!> <Getting bingo with 105 is so much more of a win than getting first place!> <I want a massage gun too! Everyone's getting one lately>
【Haruka】Seems like a lot of people know massage guns too. I actually really wanted one myself, so I'm glad I got it.
【Haruka】I always use a foam roller to release tension around my muscles but I'm definitely going to use this massage gun to do that now.
【Shizuku】Hehe. Seems like it'll take your muscle training to the next level.
【Airi】Alright, now that we're done with the chit-chat, let's move on to the main event!
【Airi】Today's stream will be all about celebrating Haruka's birthday! We'll be accepting all of your happy birthday comments, so don't hold back!
【Comments】<Happy birthday, Haruka!> <I'm forever grateful for the day you were born!> <I made a birthday shrine for you! It's up on SNS if you wanna have a look!>
【Haruka】Hehe, thank you, everyone. It makes me so happy to receive so many birthday messages. I'm going to take my time to read each and every one of them.
【Comments】<OMG, Haruka's birthday smile is just too bright!> <My letter is super long but I hope you'll get to read it!>
【Minori】Hehehe.
【Airi】Why are you the one smiling in happiness?
【Minori】That's because everyone is wishing Haruka a happy birthday and as a fan myself, it makes me so, so, so happy!
【Haruka】Minori, you're being dramatic.
【Comments】<I totally feel the same as Minori. It makes me happy too> <I couldn't help but smile during the birthday bingo story> <I love that you have so many friends, Haruka!>
【Shizuku】Hehe, Haruka does have a lot of friends. We'll actually be having another birthday party with some of our other friends this weekend.
【Comments】<OMG! Really?!?> <I wanna be friends and celebrate your birthday with you too, Haruka!> <What are you guys gonna do? Bingo again?>
【Haruka】I don't think we'll be playing bingo again, but I actually still don't know where we'll be going.
【Minori】Hehe. That's because it'll be a surprise! I hope you're looking forward to it!
【Comments】<Is it okay to tell her that? lol> <Throwing three birthday parties? You're all so close!> <Hope you have fun, Haruka!>
【Haruka】Thank you. I'm already so happy to receive all of your birthday wishes.
【Haruka】Also, some of you said that I have a lot of friends but... It's not because I'm special or anything. It's really because everyone around me is so kind and sweet.
【Haruka】You all can tell just from watching our streams, right?
【Minori】Haruka...
【Comments】<So true! You girls really are close!> <Everyone's so nice that it's impossible to have a fav!> <That's why MMJ is my fav!>
【Haruka】Hehe, see? Of course, I appreciate all of my friends, but I also always appreciate each and every one of you.
【Haruka】Thank you for everything. I'll let you all know how the birthday party on the weekend goes in a different stream. Hope to see you then.
[Sound] bgm00000
