【Otori Emu — Wonderlands×Showtime〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: Wonderlands×Showtime（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 014002_emu02

[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【High School Student A】When is the show starting?
【High School Student B】I'm so excited for it. The last one was really funny!
【Child】Why's it taking so long?
【Emu】Let's see if she's in her usual seat...
【Emu】Yes, there she is! The poofy-cheek hammie girl!
【Tsukasa】Oh, that girl sitting on the right? I do actually remember seeing her!
【Rui】Hmm. Indeed, I've seen her too.
【Nene】Yeah. She comes all the time.
【Emu】So you noticed her too?
【Nene】It's hard not to. She's always watching us with this...intensity.
【Nene】She reacts to everything so vividly, the emotions clearly expressed on her face.
【Tsukasa】Well, well. That's great, it means she's enjoying every moment of our shows!
【Rui】Now that I think of it, the few times she didn't seem thrilled, our shows received a lukewarm reaction from the rest of the audience, too.
【Rui】Which means it's not the case of her being easily impressed, but of not disguising her true emotions.
【Tsukasa】She keeps coming to see our shows even though they can be hit or miss with her...
【Tsukasa】Heh, we've gotten ourselves a loyal fan. That's all thanks to my star power!
【Emu】It's so nice that she keeps wanting to see us on stage♪
【Emu】Say guys, shouldn't we do a ta-ta-ta-ta-daaah for her?
【Tsukasa】Do what?
【Rui】Prepare a surprise for her? A splendid idea, Emu, as usual.
【Tsukasa】How did you understand what she meant?!
【Nene】Come on, you can figure this one out with a monkey brain.
【Tsukasa】A mind-reading monkey brain, maybe!
【Nene】What sort of thing could we do for her?
【Rui】Hmm. Let me think...
【Rui】We could feature balloon art in a part during our show. We'd invite her to come on stage and drape our balloon art over her.
【Emu】Yesss! I like it. Let's do it!
【Emu】She's got that cute hammie face, so let's make her a hammie balloon!
【Tsukasa】Like I said, what the heck is a hammie?
【Rui】Sure, Emu. I know in fact how to make hamster balloons. You twist it like this and then...
【Nene】Huh, I didn't know you could make a hamster, too.
【Emu】Oooh, I want to make one too!
【Nene】Me too.
【Tsukasa】You make me feel like I'm surrounded by a bunch of little children...
【Tsukasa】Oh well, it's not without entertaining value, and if it's going to make our most loyal fan happy, then let's do it!
【Rui】Hehe. Each one of us could make a hamster balloon in a different color for her.
【Nene】That sounds good.
【Emu】You get my supersize elephant seal of approval♪
【Tsukasa】Okay! Mine will be golden!
【Tsukasa】Wait a sec, look at the time! We should be starting our performance!
【Emu】You're right! Let's begin our show with a special treat for our number one fan!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Emu】Hehehe! Our balloon jamboree was a success!
【Nene】It wasn't so much balloon art as balloon armor towards the end.
【Rui】Hehe, the girl was enjoying it so much, I couldn't stop myself from making more and more balloons.
【Emu】We made her laugh so much! It made me really happy too! We should do more shows like this♪
【Tsukasa】Hahahaha! Like this, and better!
【Rui】Indeed. What would you like to show next?
【Emu】Um... What would be fun... Oh, of course!
【Emu】A show that's 100% wonderhoy☆
[Sound] bgm00000
