【Kagamine Len — Ideal Protagonist〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kagamine Len
Card: Ideal Protagonist（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Picture Perfect!
scenarioId: 023032_len01

[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Rui】Thank you. This ended up being a nice break.
【Len】Yeah, sure thing!
【Tsukasa】Alright, we should head back! We have that meeting about the arts festival with the others!
【Miku】Okay, good luck☆
【Rui】Then, we'll be going. Please tell KAITO and the others we said hello.
【Len】Bye bye!
【Miku】Wow, an arts festival! They both sounded really excited☆
【Len】Not only that, Tsukasa's the lead with Rui as the director... I bet their play's gonna be great!
【Len】What do you think Nene's class is gonna do? Also a play? Oh, what if they sang as a chorus or something...?!
【???】You all seem to be having a fun conversation. What's going on here?
[Sound] se_walk_men_001_1
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_1
【Rin】Hey, KAITO! Oh, plus MEIKO and Luka☆ You just missed Tsukasa and Rui!
【Len】Their school's holding an arts festival, and their class is gonna put on a play for it!
【MEIKO】Oh, that sounds enjoyable. Have they already decided on one?
【Len】Yeah, they said... They're paying homage to “The Phantom Of The Opera”!
【KAITO】To “The Phantom Of The Opera”?
【Len】Yeah. Apparently, their story involves rumors of a mysterious phantom hiding underground below this one popular theatre...
【Len】One day, the protagonist, a young actor, decides to go investigate and find out the truth!
【MEIKO】Okay, it's the same as the original so far. And then?
【Len】And then...
【Len】He finds himself in a grassy field that he doesn't recognize at all...!
【KAITO】Hm? A grassy field...?
【Len】Yeah! He was sent to another world! That's where his adventure begins, which is gonna be filled with both sadness and joy!
【KAITO】I see. That's quite the twist.
【Luka】It sounds like a wonderful surprise.
【KAITO】Still... Ending up in a completely unfamiliar place...
【KAITO】That sounds like Tsukasa and the others when we first met them.
【Miku】Oh, are you talking about the first time they came to SEKAI?!
【Miku】The look on Tsukasa's face when he saw me and the plushies was so priceless!
【KAITO】Wasn't it? So, I think they have a good understanding of what it's actually like to be sent to another world.
【Len】Right...! Then, Tsukasa's probably gonna do an amazing job as the lead!
【Luka】I also wonder what Rui will decide to do as the director.
【KAITO】The inclusion of another world points towards fantasy... Rui should have plenty of opportunities to wow the audience.
【Rin】I kinda feel like doing a show now...
【Len】Then, why don't we do one together? Something about being sent to another world!
【Miku】Ooh☆ I wanna do that too!
【Len】Then, let's start coming up with a story!
【MEIKO】Hehe. Sounds like fun! Where would you like to be sent, Len?
【Len】Me? Well...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a000501
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【Len】If I were to choose... I'd wanna be sent to a really big school!
【Rin】A big school?
【Len】Yeah! A school where us, the plushies, Tsukasa, the others and all sorts of people attend as students!
【Len】We'd wake up at this school to discover that we're all classmates!
【Luka】Us as classmates...? Hehe. That does sound like fun.
【Len】Exactly! We'd study together, hang out around campus after school...
【Len】And there's the school festival! We could do a show with the plushies!
【Len】But something bad would happen while preparing for it...
【Rin】Something bad?
【Len】A group of bad guy plushies suddenly appears! They start messing up the school and attacking our plushie friends!
【Miku】Oh no! But we would've been having so much fun preparing for our show☆
【Len】That's why we're gonna stand up against them as a class and drive them out!
【Rin】Oh, that's really cool! We'd be the ones saving our friends and the school festival♪
【Miku】Yeah, I'm getting all excited just talking about this show♪
【KAITO】Nice idea, Len! It definitely sounds like a fun show.
【Len】Hehe♪ Then, let's keep working on it together!
【Everyone】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
