【Aoyagi Toya — Classical Prodigy〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: Classical Prodigy（1★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 012001_touya02

[Background Change] bg_a000501
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Corridor
【Akito】Hey, Toya. Just saw you walking out from the library. That means your library committee duties are over, right?
【Toya】No, I came out to do something in the preparation room.
【Toya】You've finished helping out with the soccer club?
【Akito】Kinda. I slipped out after helping in one intraclub match.
【Toya】I see. Can you wait for a while more? There's still some time left before I can close the library.
【Akito】Sure, I'll wait for you here.
【Toya】Here? Why not wait in the library?
【Akito】Because I can't listen to music inside. You'd be the first to pester me about it.
【Toya】It's a library, so of course. Well, I'll see you later then.
【Akito】Yup. Sheesh, you're such a serious guy.
[Sound] se00046
【Akito】Huh? Preparation room again?
【Toya】I'm collecting a book that was returned yesterday but has yet to be shelved. I was going to shelve it after closing the library, but...
【Toya】Someone may be looking for it, so I'll go pass it along.
【Akito】May be looking for it? How'd you know?
【Toya】This person was looking around at the same shelf for the book and asked me about it before.
【Toya】It's a mystery novel that I've read before, too.
【Akito】Right...
【Akito】(Come to think about it, Toya likes to read, doesn't he?)
【Akito】(He volunteered for the committee because nobody else wanted to do it, too.)
【Akito】What, again? The library's a really busy place, huh?
【Toya】Not all the time. An upperclassman was supposed to be on duty with me today, but he caught a cold, so he's resting.
【Toya】Also, here.
【Akito】A book?
【Toya】It's an adventure novel. A good way to kill some time.
【Akito】Ah, novels are a bit too tedious for me. I'd read manga instead.
【Toya】That's a shame. There are plenty of good novels that—
【Female Student's Voice】Excuse me, could I borrow a stool to reach that book?
【Toya】Oh!
[Sound] se00049
【Toya】We're in the midst of acquiring a new stool because the current one is a little wobbly.
【Toya】I'll take the book for you.
【Female Student's Voice】Are you sure? It's that one on the top shelf...
【Toya】This one? Here you go. Are you checking out the book now?
【Toya】Sorry for running off mid-conversation.
【Akito】It's okay... Actually, just ignore me and focus on your library duties.
【Akito】You said you're the only one on duty today, right?
【Male Student A】Hello, librarian? The picture books on this shelf seem to have shifted somewhere...
【Toya】Picture books? Oh, they should be on the next shelf...
[Sound] se00049
【Akito】Yep, serious to a fault. Or more like, too nice for his own good, I guess.
[Sound] bgm00000
