【MEIKO — Street SEKAI〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: Street SEKAI（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 025002_meiko02

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【MEIKO】You brought me cookies?
【An】That's right. It's to say thank you for all you've been doing for us.
【MEIKO】Thanks. They smell delicious.
【Kohane】I knew you could brew amazing tea and coffee at your dad's cafe, but I had no idea you could bake, too.
【An】I thought cookies would be a nice freebie to serve along with the hot drinks, so I learned to make them!
【Kohane】Wow, that's amazing dedication!
【An】You know they're actually super easy to make? You can definitely make them too.
【Kohane】I wouldn't be so sure...
【MEIKO】Why don't we share them?
【MEIKO】They'll taste even better with some black tea. Wait a couple minutes and I'll make some.
【Kohane & An】Thank you!
【MEIKO】And here's the tea, as promised.
【Kohane】Oh, thank you.
【An】Nice!
【An】Mmm, you make excellent tea, MEIKO.
【Kohane】Yeah, it makes me feel calm and happy.
【MEIKO】Hehe, then I did a good job!
【An】My dad serves tea very quickly, but I like how you take your time making it just right.
【Kohane】You warm up the teacups, and check the water temperature before pouring it over the leaves...
【An】You rarely see anyone take so much care to bring out the full flavor of the tea leaves.
【MEIKO】It's nice to feel appreciated! I've been doing it this way for so long, it's now second nature to me.
【An】I know what you mean. You master a skill and then it becomes sort of like muscle memory.
【Kohane】You make it sound so easy, but I couldn't do any of that, so it's very impressive to me.
【An】You've got impressive skills of your own, like photography. I wouldn't know what to do with a fancy camera.
【Kohane】My pictures aren't that good... I'm just an amateur.
【Kohane】You make your customers happy, but I take photos just for myself.
【An】Does it really matter?
【Kohane】It does. Also, you're great at sports, and you do fine at school in general...
【MEIKO】But, Kohane, didn't you recently discover another great skill you have?
【Kohane】Did I? What do you mean?
【An】Oh, of course! You're great at singing!
【An】We sang together in front of so many people, and they all loved it!
【Kohane】R-Right, I forgot about that!
【MEIKO】See? You've got lots to be proud of too.
【Kohane】Well, maybe not lots, but at least something.
【MEIKO】We all have our talents, and I'm sure we'll keep discovering more and more.
【An】Yeah! I'm sure you've got bucketloads of potential lying dormant within you, Kohane!
【Kohane】Oh, stop it, you two. But thanks, hehe.
【An】You know, you can acquire a brand new skill right away. I'll teach you how to bake cookies!
【Kohane】Thanks, An!
【An】In return, you help me study for exams... How about that, eh?
【Kohane】Of course, I don't mind helping you at all!
【MEIKO】Hehe. The sky will be the limit if you two work together.
[Sound] bgm00000
