【Kiritani Haruka — Happy Birthday! 2025〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Happy Birthday! 2025（BD）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 006039_haruka01

[Background Change] bg_b003101
[Caption] One week before Haruka's birthday
[Caption] Stage SEKAI - Flower Field
【Minori】Everyone! I brought Haruka!
【Minori】Okay, Haruka! You can open your eyes now!
【Haruka】Hehe. Okay, here I go.
【Haruka】Wow...!
【Miku】It's a little bit early, but...
【Everyone】Happy birthday, Haruka!
[Sound] se00009_b
【Haruka】Thank you all so much!
【Haruka】Wow. You set up a birthday party in the flower field, and even prepared flower petal showers.
【Airi】It was Miku and the others that suggested celebrating in the field, and doing a flower shower.
【Shizuku】They also did most of these decorations, too.
【Haruka】Oh, I see. Then, those blue balloons...
【Rin】Yeah♪ We blew up a bunch to decorate with!
【Luka】And of course you need flowers on your birthday.
【MEIKO】Yes!
【MEIKO】We actually prepared more flowers for you than just the ones we used for the flower showers.
【Haruka】What?
[Sound] se00055_b
【Len】Here, I'll go first! Happy birthday, Haruka!
【Haruka】Thank you, Len.
【Haruka】Oh, it's a bouquet of paper flowers.
【Len】Yeah. They're meant to be chamomile flowers.
【Minori】All the flowers are so well made!
【Shizuku】Yes. The first time he showed me, I thought they were real for a second.
【Airi】But we're just getting started.
【KAITO】I'll go next. Happy birthday, Haruka!
【Haruka】Wow... This flower is also made out of paper? It's so big!
【KAITO】I spent a lot of time picking the materials, so I only made one... But this can also be used as an aroma diffuser.
【Haruka】Wow, really?
【Haruka】It's big and eye-catching. It'd be a nice addition to any desk or table. Thank you, KAITO!
【Rin】Haruka! Next is from me and MEIKO♪
【MEIKO】Ta-da♪ It's a flower mobile and flower garland!
【Haruka】Wow! And these are all paper flowers too?
【Rin】Yeah! The flowers and petals on the mobile are cherry blossoms.
【Rin】The way they sway makes it look like the petals are dancing in the air, doesn't it!
【Haruka】That's such a wonderful idea.
【Haruka】I can't wait to put this up in my room and see all the flowers swirl in the breeze.
【Haruka】Oh, so if Rin made the mobile, does that mean you made this garland, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】That's right! I made it in pastel colors to suit any decor.
【MEIKO】The flowers' colors are subdued, but there are a lot of them, so they should brighten up any room.
【Haruka】It would.
【Haruka】It might also look cute on one of my big penguin plushies...
【Luka】There are still more presents to go. Right, Miku♪
【Miku】Yup!
【Miku】Here, Haruka! We made you a flower wreath, and a heart-shaped curio too♪
【Haruka】Wow...! They're both so lavishly decorated!
【Luka】Hehe. I made the wreath. I got so into it while making it that I ended up making a lot more flowers than I planned♪
【Miku】Me too! I really wanted it to be a pretty heart shape, but somehow it just kept getting bigger.
【MEIKO】I kept going “I'll put this here...oh, the silhouette is wrong now, so I'll fix this side too”♪
【Miku】Haha. Still, it ended up with a really nice heart shape all the same.
【Haruka】Yeah... The shape turned out so beautiful. And each individual flower is so cute.
【Haruka】All these presents are so wonderful.
【Haruka】Thank you so much, everyone.
【Everyone】You're welcome♪ You're welcome!
【Haruka】I can't wait to put them all up in my room.
【Len】That would make us very happy.
【KAITO】Thank you all for helping us buy all the materials, Minori, everyone.
【Minori】Hehe. You're super welcome!
【Shizuku】Hehe. I still remember when we went to buy the materials.
【Airi】After our meetings ended, we pretended to be going home, and met back up at the shopping mall!
【Minori】That was so exciting! It really felt like we were preparing a surprise!
【Haruka】You did that? When was this? I didn't notice at all.
【Minori】Hehe. Which means, our surprise was a success!
【Airi, Minori & Shizuku】Yay!
[Sound] se00061_b
【Haruka】I'm repeating myself, but thank you so much for these presents, everyone.
【Miku】Of course♪
【Haruka】I'll put them all in my room and take good care of them.
【Airi】Okay, everyone! There's still lots of party left to enjoy!
【Shizuku】We have low-sugar cake and plenty of snacks you can enjoy, Haruka.
【Minori】Let's all eat them together!
【Haruka】Yes!
[Sound] bgm00000
