【Mochizuki Honami — Beyond A Smile〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Mochizuki Honami
Card: Beyond A Smile（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Memories That Come With The Scent of Candles
scenarioId: 003026_honami02

[Background Change] bg_e000901
[Caption] Yoisaki Household - Kitchen
【Kanade】Thank you, Ms. Mochizuki. But you didn't really have to also help clean...
【Honami】Hehe. It's a part of my usual routine whenever I come over. Plus, we got everything done faster by splitting the work.
【Nene】I'll gather up the candles we didn't use over here... But what do we do with the rest of the paper cups?
【Kanade】Oh, you can just leave those here. I use them from time to time.
【Ichika】I've finished cleaning up over here too.
【Kanade】Thank you, Hoshino.
【Honami】All that's left is for you to all give out the candles you made today.
【Nene】Right.
【Nene】Also, Mochizuki... Thank you for teaching us how to make them today.
【Ichika】Yeah, Honami, thank you so much. I never imagined that I'd be able to make anything like this.
【Honami】All I did was teach you the basics. You were the ones who actually picked the fragrances and made the candles.
【Kanade】But this was our first time making them. I think they turned out so well because of you, Ms. Mochizuki.
【Kanade】So, thank you very much.
【Honami】N-No, please! Ms. Yoisaki, you don't have to...!
【Nene & Ichika】Hehe.
【Kanade】Oh, while we're on the subject... What should we do with the leftover scented oils?
【Ichika】Yeah, it'd be a shame to just toss them. Isn't there some way for us to use them...?
【Honami】You have quite a few options there.
【Honami】For example, you can use some on tissues or a handkerchief to add a nice fragrance to them.
【Nene】Oh, that'd be pretty easy. I can do that just before I leave to go somewhere...
【Honami】Exactly. Whenever you clean your hands or wipe off some sweat, they'll leave behind a nice, refreshing aroma.
【Honami】Aroma stones and diffusers also seem to work well, but you can actually achieve a similar effect by simply putting a few drops into a mug of hot water.
【Ichika】Wow, I had no idea.
【Honami】However, it won't work as well as the items designed for that purpose, so the scent likely won't go beyond, say, your desk.
【Kanade】If a mug of hot water works, then it could be nice to use it in a bath...
【Honami】Yes, of course. With only a few drops, you enjoy a wonderful fragrance as you bathe.
【Honami】You can even put some in the fabric softener slot on a laundry machine.
【Ichika】Oh, does that also lead to a soothing smell?
【Honami】Yes, but it also prevents mold from forming.
【Honami】Eucalyptus, peppermint...and I believe lemon. They all work well as disinfectants and odor eliminators.
【Honami】Oh, I've also heard that you can make bug spray out of them.
【Nene】Wait, really?
【Honami】Yes. Certain fragrances are apparently very effective at repelling bugs.
【Kanade】Wow, these have so many different uses...
【Ichika】They really do. In that case, we shouldn't have any issues finding something to do with them.
【Nene】Yeah, I wanna try out some of the things we just discussed.
【Ichika】Also, Honami, you really are incredibly knowledgeable. I mean, you knew all these uses for scented oils off the top of your head.
【Honami】N-No, I just happened to know about those things. Looking up this sort of information is sort of a hobby of mine...
【Kanade】In any case, I'm glad that you're here to teach us, Ms. Mochizuki.
【Ichika】Me too.
【Ichika】Again, thank you so much for today.
【Kanade & Nene】Thank you, Mochizuki.
【Honami】Oh...
【Honami】I'm happy that I could help!
【Honami】And please feel free to ask me any questions whenever you like!
[Sound] bgm00000
