【Hanasato Minori — Game Face At The Meeting!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hanasato Minori
Card: Game Face At The Meeting!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Rise and Strive
scenarioId: 005041_minori01

[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Caption] MORE MORE HOUSE
【Saito】Haruka, let's start heading over to the TV station. It's almost time for that meeting.
【Haruka】Oh, it's already that time. Just give me a second to get ready.
【Haruka】We're going to hear from some of the staff from that show we appeared on a little while back, right?
【Minori】I know it's going to be tough for just the two of you to go, but good luck...!
【Airi】In the meantime, we'll keep working on our stream ideas and stuff.
【Haruka】Thanks. Then, we'll be going now.
[Sound] se00044_b
【Shizuku】Haruka and Saito are doing their best, so we need to keep doing what we can right now.
【Minori】Yeah, I totally agree!
【Minori】We're gonna keep working on stream ideas and do research on that online show, right?
【Airi】Right. Shizuku and I will continue working on our stream ideas, while you look into that show, Minori.
【Airi】I know our workloads are gonna increase while Haruka's gone, but we'll get through this by dividing and conquering!
【Minori & Shizuku】Yeah!
【Minori】(How should I start researching...? Oh, what if I start by looking at any archived footage they have?)
【Minori】(I have to do everything I can right now to help Haruka and Saito...!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00183_b
[Sound] se00001_b
[Sound] se00007_b
【Minori】Hmm... I see...
[Sound] bgm00170
【Minori】(I know a lot more now after watching a few of their old episodes!)
【Minori】(We're being asked to appear in a segment where the guests showcase currently trending artists...)
【Minori】(But each guest does it in a different way!)
【Minori】(When that choreographer talked about that singer-dancer ensemble, he passionately talked about their dance routines...)
【Minori】(And when that music producer talked about that idol group, she explained not only their songs, but how they were produced too. I thought that was really interesting.)
【Minori】(Someone even left a comment saying, “It's great how each artist is analyzed from a variety of different angles.” And those differences are probably what this show's viewers enjoy so much.)
【Minori】We'll need to keep that in mind.
【Minori】And figure out a way to sound unique... Which means...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00171
[Caption] A few hours later
【Minori】(Okay, I've jotted down all the essential bits! Now I just need to—)
【Shizuku】Hi, Minori. How are things going on your end?
【Minori】Oh, I just finished writing down some notes after watching a few of their past episodes...!
【Airi】Then, why don't we take a break and share each other's progress? We also just reached a good place to stop.
【Minori】Really?! I'd love to hear more about your ideas!
【Airi】We've only just completed our basic outlines, but here's mine.
【Airi】I'm thinking about doing a follow-up cooking stream. Our last one did really well, so I thought we could turn it into a series.
【Minori】Yeah, everybody loves your cooking streams, Airi, so I bet they'll be thrilled when they hear the news!
【Airi】Thanks. Now I need to start thinking about what we're going to make.
【Airi】Anyway, Shizuku, how about you?
【Shizuku】Mine is also going to be a follow-up like Airi's, but I'm thinking about doing another skincare stream.
【Shizuku】How you take care of your skin changes with the seasons, so I'm hoping to provide our viewers with some suitable tips and options.
【Airi】Sounds good. You're all the rage right now because of your commercial, so I'm sure everyone is going to love getting skincare tips from you.
【Minori】Alright, and here's my report to finish things off! I looked into the show we'll be appearing on, and...
【Minori】The best part of this segment seems to be how guests showcase the artists, especially any unique remarks they can make.
【Shizuku】Unique remarks?
【Minori】Yeah, they all talked about things from their point of view... It's like they were all able to showcase those artists in ways only they knew how!
【Minori】And everyone watching seems to look forward to hearing what they have to say.
【Minori】Which is why I also wanna show everyone what MORE MORE JUMP! is really about when we do our showcase!
【Airi】I see. What we're really about...
【Minori】I also wanna listen to a bunch of songs by the artist we're going to introduce and give good recommendations!
【Minori】I thought it'd be great if we could put some playlists together and introduce them to everyone! One could be for when you wanna relax, another could be for when you need some encouragement...
【Airi】Yeah, I like that since you'd be making good use of your ability to see things from our fans' point of view.
【Minori】Hehe... It's our first on-screen appearance in a while, so I wanna make sure we make a good impression!
【Airi】Hey, that's what I like to hear!
【Airi】Alright, if we're gonna make Minori's plan a reality, we gotta start moving now.
【Airi】So, we'll want to ask the director to see if we can get the name of the artist we're gonna be asked to introduce early.
【Minori】Okay! I'll ask Saito when she gets back.
【Shizuku】Thank you, Minori!
【Minori】(We received this offer because of Shizuku's hard work.)
【Minori】(Not only that, Haruka is counting on us to do a good job.)
【Minori】(So, I've gotta do everything I can to make sure we keep moving forward!)
[Sound] bgm00000
