【Tenma Saki — The Feelings We've Realized〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: The Feelings We've Realized（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Unnamed Harmony
scenarioId: 002011_saki01

[Background Change] bg_d001202
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
【Saki】Hmm...
【Saki】(I told Shiho that I want to see what I'm capable of, but songwriting's turning out to be so hard...)
【Saki】Well, I am trying to take a look at this from a couple different angles...
【Saki】But none of the melodies or riffs that I've come up with so far felt right.
【Saki】(I want to help our band by contributing to our music somehow...)
[Sound] se00031
【Tsukasa】Oh, Saki. There you are.
【Saki】Oh, Tsukasa, it's you.
【Tsukasa】I came to ask if you had already tried any of the fruit jellies that were in the freezer.
【Saki】Oh, yeah... Mom told me about them earlier. I think I'll pass for now...
【Tsukasa】Hm? Is something bothering you...?
【Tsukasa】Oh, I know! The one you were looking for wasn't there! It's no wonder you seem so down, Saki!
【Saki】Huh? I don't really feel all that sad or anything...
【Tsukasa】Why not just try a different flavor? You never know, it could be good!
【Tsukasa】Take myself for example. I tried a grapefruit-flavored one just now even though I'm not exactly a fan of them...
【Saki】Tsukasa, I'm in high school now! I'm not a little kid that gets all pouty over something like jellies anymore...!
【Tsukasa】Hm? If you say so.
【Tsukasa】Then tell me, why do you seem so down? Remember, you can talk to your magnificent big brother about anything!
【Saki】Says you, oh magnificent one.
【Saki】But you know, I think I'll take you up on your offer.
【Saki】Lately, the girls and I have been talking about coming up with an original song for our band...
【Tsukasa】An original song! That's wonderful!
【Saki】Yeah, and I was convinced that it'd be super fun and stuff at first...
【Saki】I even decided that I'd contribute by helping write songs for the band...
【Saki】But it hasn't been going well at all...
【Tsukasa】I see...
【Saki】And even though I know how to play the piano, it feels like I haven't been able to fit it into our music at all.
【Saki】I keep asking myself what it would be like if I could just play a little better...
【Tsukasa】I'm not sure I can answer that question for you.
【Tsukasa】Also, being able to play the piano doesn't automatically mean you'll know how to write songs.
【Saki】Right...
【Tsukasa】Saki...
【Saki】Oh, that reminds me! Didn't you and Toya used to play the piano together when we were kids?
【Tsukasa】Hm? Oh, you mean when we played at the same time?
【Saki】I remember you wanting to see who could play it the most freely or something, and really banging away at the keys.
【Tsukasa】Your description isn't doing it any justice. There was definitely a certain kind of melody or rhythm we were playing to...
【Saki】What? I totally felt like Toya was doing all the work while you goofed off.
【Tsukasa】L-Look who's talking! Didn't you jump in right after that and cause an even bigger racket?!
【Saki】No, I was just copying what you were doing! I wasn't fooling around like you were, Tsukasa!
【Saki】But in the end, Toya just kept at it to try and make whatever musical mess we were making work.
【Tsukasa】Looking back, I feel a little bad for him, but then again, we all seemed to be having a good time.
【Saki】Hehe. Yeah...
【Saki】...
【Saki】(Maybe that's it. Maybe I just have to let myself go a little more...)
【Tsukasa】...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Saki... Is it tough being in a band?
【Saki】What?! No, it's not what you think!
【Saki】I am having so much fun playing and performing with everyone! I love every minute of it!
[Sound] bgm00039
【Saki】But I want to do more to help our band grow.
【Saki】That's why... I know things won't go well in the beginning, but I want to do what I can.
【Saki】So it is tough in that sense... But I feel like it's just something I have to deal with for now...
【Tsukasa】I see. Good for you.
【Saki】Huh?
【Tsukasa】You're doing what you love and properly committing yourself to it.
【Tsukasa】And ultimately, all good things must come to an end.
【Tsukasa】I... No, the others and I have some experience with that too.
【Saki】You do...?
【Tsukasa】Yes.
【Tsukasa】We fail and put everyone's efforts to waste... And even when we propose to create something good, they don't feel the same...
【Tsukasa】Or even when we haven't changed, our surroundings change and let ourselves get lonely...
【Tsukasa】We become so obsessed with our own dreams and full of pride that we end up hurting the people close to us...
【Saki】So you had a tough time too, huh?
【Saki】I'm sorry. I had no idea...
【Tsukasa】Why are you apologizing? This is exactly the same as that tough hurdle you just mentioned.
【Tsukasa】And don't worry, it's all in the past now.
【Tsukasa】We overcame that and are putting on outrageous shows even today!
【Saki】Hehe. Is it really okay to call your own shows outrageous, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Yes! Outrageous, unique, one of a kind! They're all compliments in my book!
【Saki】Hahaha. My brother the optimist.
【Saki】But I get what you're trying to say. It's not all fun and games...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_c000303
【Shiho】You have to be willing to put everything on the line to become a pro.
【Shiho】Can you say for sure that you'd be able to do that?
[Background Change] bg_d001202
【Saki】(Shiho knew that from the start. She knew that we'd face something like this...)
【Saki】(But...)
[Background Change] bg_f000902
【Saki】I thought about it for a really long time and still felt that I want to be in a band with you!
[Background Change] bg_d001202
【Saki】(I spent so much time worrying about what would happen...)
【Saki】(But I still ended up deciding to try and go pro with Shiho!)
【Saki】I shouldn't be hesitating like this.
【Saki】Okay!!
【Saki】Tsukasa, I'm heading back up to my room! I'm gonna write this song no matter what it takes!
【Tsukasa】That's great, Saki! Do your best!
【Saki】Thanks! I will!
[Sound] bgm00000
