【Megurine Luka — Their Music Video〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Megurine Luka
Card: Their Music Video（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Happy Enjoy Music!
scenarioId: 024041_luka02

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Luka】Okay, that should do it for these windows.
【Miku】Oh, those wall stickers on the windows are really cute.
【MEIKO】Wow, they are cute. Did you make these, Luka?
【Luka】Yes, I did my best to make them look like shooting stars. They're perfect for celebrating Leo/need's success, no?
【KAITO】The snacks and drinks are also ready.
【Luka】Oh, thank you. We should have more than enough for their post-festival party.
【Rin】Luka, check this out! Len and I wrote a message on the chalkboard congratulating them!
【Luka】“Congratulations on Jam Fest!” Hehe. It's so fun and colorful.
【Len】But it's missing something with just the words... Shouldn't we make it a little more festive?
【Luka】Then, why don't we gussy it up by adding a few drawings?
【Luka】I know. What if we drew pictures relating to their songs, the festival and such?
【Rin】Yeah, great idea! Like instruments, musical notes and stuff☆
【Rin】Oh, what if I made it look all fizzy like a bottle of FizzYum Cider?
【Len】Wait, that sounds really hard.
【Luka】It's always good to challenge yourself. Do your best, Rin. We'll be looking forward to seeing what you draw.
【Miku】Still, this classroom looks so lively now.
【MEIKO】This is the least we could do, since we're here to celebrate the girls' success.
【Luka】Yes, they put on such a wonderful performance. We need to congratulate them thoroughly.
【Len】Yeah, they really did put on an amazing show.
【Rin】They did! And they were so cool even at such a big event!
【MEIKO】I was honestly a little worried how they'd do before they took the stage.
【Luka】Me too.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_f000902
【Saki】Are you nervous, Ichi? Your lips are pursed.
【Ichika】Oh...
【Ichika】S-Sorry. This is our first big festival, and we have to follow some really amazing performances...
【Ichika】If someone asked me right now whether or not we'll be able to do what they just did...
[Background Change] bg_f000101
【Len】Our plan was to just watch quietly, but we definitely wondered if we should go talk to them.
【MEIKO】We didn't have to in the end, of course.
【Miku】*Nod* It was so cool how Honami kept them all together.
【Luka】I'm sure she was also nervous... But even so, she made sure the others could rely on her.
【KAITO】Which would certainly explain why they ended up playing so well.
【MEIKO】They all coalesced around Honami. And they were able to put on an incredible performance at their first big festival as a result.
【KAITO】Yes, and it was a good expression of who they are as a band.
【Len & Rin】Yeah. Yeah!
【Luka】I couldn't be happier for them, getting such a good response from the audience.
【Luka】So let's make this party great for them, for all the effort they've put in.
【Rin】Right☆
【Len】Oh, that reminds me.
【Miku】Is something the matter?
【Len】We're celebrating them doing well at that festival, right? So, why don't we celebrate by having our own?
【MEIKO】Our own festival?
【KAITO】What do you mean?
【Len】Hmm... I can't think of anything off the top of my head...
【Luka】Then, how about something like this?
【Luka】We could make the show we've been planning on doing for them feel more like a music festival.
【Luka】We can make it seem like a variety of artists are performing by forming our own groups or performing solo and such.
【Rin】Wow! That sounds like fun!
【MEIKO】Yes, that seems like the perfect way to celebrate.
【Len】Then, we'll also need to come up with group names.
【Miku】Hehe. As well as a schedule.
【Luka】So, let's start by picking groups, shall we?
【Len & Rin】Yeah! Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
