【Kiritani Haruka — Plotting A Surprise〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Plotting A Surprise（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: This Way! That Way! Zookeeper Day
scenarioId: 006032_haruka02

[Background Change] bg_a002302
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Minori】Okay, we're this way. Bye, Shiho! Bye, Haruka!
【Ichika】See you both.
【Haruka】Okay, see you.
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_1
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_2
【Shiho】You're not going with them, Kiritani?
【Haruka】There's somewhere I'd like to go before I head home.
【Shiho】Then, wanna walk part of the way together?
【Haruka】Sure. By the way, the zoo was so much fun today.
【Shiho】To be honest, I was really surprised when you and Ichika showed up.
【Haruka】Hehe. Good. That means we succeeded.
【Shiho】I didn't realize you were so mischievous.
【Haruka】Hehe. Guilty.
【Haruka】While we're on the subject, Hinomori, which animals did you think were the cutest?
【Shiho】I can't decide. The leopard cat family was adorable, but I also couldn't believe how quickly that guinea pig fell asleep in my lap...
【Haruka】What about the rabbits at the petting zoo? You seemed to enjoy them quite a bit.
【Shiho】Oh, yeah... They couldn't seem to get enough of the carrots and spinach I had, which was...well, really cute...
【Haruka】Hehe. I'm glad you had such a fun time.
【Shiho】Anyway, that's enough about me. How about you, Kiritani? Which animals did you like the most?
【Haruka】Me...? I think I enjoyed all of us hanging out much more than any of the animals I saw today.
【Shiho】All of us hanging out...?
【Shiho】Yeah, true... We don't really get to do stuff like this since we're all so busy.
【Haruka】I hope we get to hang out again soon. We could try going somewhere else next time... Oh, like an aquarium.
【Shiho】An aquarium...? Yeah, that could be fun.
【Haruka】Aquariums have all sorts of cuddly creatures...like penguins.
【Shiho】Oh, that's right. You really like penguins, don't you?
【Haruka】I do. Getting to pet all those little critters made me want to pet some penguins too.
【Shiho】Does the aquarium let you do that?
【Haruka】Only during special events they hold occasionally.
【Shiho】And you get to touch them...? Now I'm really curious.
【Haruka】Why don't we go together the next time they hold one of those events, Hinomori...?
【Shiho】Yeah, I want— I mean, if I'm free...
【Haruka】Hehe. I'm glad to hear that.
【Haruka】At the same time... I'm a little worried about how you're going to react.
【Shiho】To what?
【Haruka】The thing is, in the face of real-life penguins... I sort of lose sight of everything else.
【Shiho】You can get tunnel vision like that, Kiritani?
【Haruka】Yeah, and if they all flock towards me... Well, something embarrassing might happen.
【Shiho】I kinda want to see that now.
【Shiho】Still, even for an event, I doubt they'd let you play with a whole flock of penguins all at once. Not unless you're actually taking care of them...
【Haruka】As part of the aquarium staff...
【Haruka】How could I've been so oblivious? I might have to see if they'll let us shadow...
【Shiho】No, I was kidding.
【Haruka】In any case, I'm going to go sate my penguin craving in a different way today.
【Shiho】A different way?
【Haruka】I was thinking about stopping by the Penguin Cafe. They don't have real penguins, but the atmosphere should be more than enough.
【Shiho】Oh, that's what you were talking about going before you head home...?
【Haruka】Yes. Seeing all those cute little animals today made me want to cap off the day by seeing some penguins.
【Shiho】I see. Now that you mention it...
【Shiho】(I won some penguin merch in a prize draw that one time, and I'm pretty sure it said online that the Penguin Cafe has new stuff from that brand...)
【Haruka】Would you like to come with me, Hinomori?
【Shiho】Huh...?
【Shiho】I... I guess their menu's probably changed since the last time I went, so it might be nice to go back again...
【Shiho】Also, I wanna see what happens to you when you're surrounded by penguins.
【Haruka】I should be fine... But please stop me if I start losing control.
[Sound] bgm00000
