【Momoi Airi — Captivated By Cuteness〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Captivated By Cuteness（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Wishing to the Blue Sky for Your Happiness!
scenarioId: 007017_airi01

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Miku】Great practice, everyone♪
【Everyone】Great practice!
【Len】We're meeting up for another practice tomorrow, right?
【Minori】Yeah! We'll be looking forward to it!
【Haruka】Oh, that reminds me. Minori and I may be the only ones joining you guys.
【Airi】Yeah, sorry about that. Shizuku and I were asked to do some modeling work on short notice.
【Len】Huh? Modeling work?
【Luka】That's so wonderful. What are you going to be modeling?
【Shizuku】Hehe. Believe it or not, a bride.
【Miku】Wow! Does that mean you get to wear a wedding dress?
【Luka】Oh, that's even more wonderful♪
【Airi】It does. I can't wait either since Shizuku's gonna look absolutely astounding in a wedding dress!
【Luka】You'll be wearing a dress too, right, Airi?
【Airi】I will. But I'm going to be playing a bridesmaid, so my dress won't be nearly as extravagant as the wedding dress.
【Miku】Wait, what's a bridesmaid?
【Airi】Someone who assists the bride. It's a traditional role that traces its roots back to Europe during the middle ages.
【Airi】Originally, they wore dresses similar to that of the bride to ward off and confuse any evil spirits that envied her happiness.
【Miku】Oh wow. That's really cool. I didn't realize they're supposed to protect the bride against evil spirits...!
【Airi】Hehe. I know, right?
【Airi】But nowadays, they just fix the hem of the bride's dress, take care of the bouquet or keep her ring safe until the exchange.
【Miku & Luka】Whoa!
【Minori】Wow, a bridesmaid...
【Minori】The bride's wonderful and all, but it's gotta be really satisfying to be there for her as one of her bridesmaids during her happiest moment!
【Airi】Definitely. And I'm gonna do my best since you personally asked for me, Shizuku!
【Shizuku】Thank you, Airi!
【Shizuku】But I'd like to see you in a wedding dress as well, Airi.
【Airi】What? Me? I really don't think I'd be able to pull one off.
【Shizuku】No, I disagree!
【Luka】She's right. I'm sure you'd look absolutely adorable♪
【Airi】Adorable...?
【Airi】Hmm... I mean, I've always wanted to try wearing one, but I honestly can't imagine how I'd actually look...
【Minori】In that case, we could look up some dresses online while imagining how she'd look in them! I'm sure we'll have plenty of search results to choose from!
【Shizuku】I agree! By doing that, we should be able to find the perfect wedding dress for Airi♪
【Miku】Oh, that sounds fun! I'd like to help.
【Luka】Yeah, me too♪
【Airi】W-Wait, you guys, slow down!
【Len】It sounds like they're all really interested in seeing how you'd look in a wedding dress, Airi.
【Haruka】Aren't you also just a little bit curious?
【Airi】Huh? I mean, yeah...
【Len】Alright, it'll be fun to see what kind of dresses they end up choosing for you.
【Airi】Yeah, it sure will.
【Len】And we'll also join in on the fun and search for the perfect wedding dress. Right, Haruka?
【Haruka】Hehe. Yes, let's.
【Airi】Wait, you guys too?!
【Minori】Oh, Haruka, Len! Look at this dress! I think it looks really nice...!
【Miku】The base color's white, but the frills and ribbons are just ever-so-slightly colored.
【Haruka】Oh, that is nice. It's such a cute design.
【Len】It really is. It'll go great with Airi's bright personality. I guess that means a dress with a few colors in it would be better than one that's purely white!
【Airi】They're getting more excited about this than the person who's ultimately supposed to wear it.
【Shizuku】Oh, Airi, wanna see it too? It really is an adorable dress!
【Airi】Okay, okay, I'm coming.
[Sound] bgm00000
