【Kagamine Rin — Heated Argument〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kagamine Rin
Card: Heated Argument（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 022004_rin02

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
[Sound] se00006
【Rin & Len】Hello!
【MEIKO】Welcome in, you two. Would you like your usual lemon soda?
【Rin】No, thanks. Len and I were thinking about trying something different today.
【Rin】I'm going to get some black tea and custard pudding!
【Len】I'll get a coffee.
【MEIKO】Black tea with custard pudding, and a coffee. Coming right up.
【Rin】Thanks!
【Rin】Hey, Len. I've been thinking. What do you think about organizing an event of our own sometime?
【Len】Great timing as always, Rin! I was just thinking about asking you the same thing!
【Len】The only thing is, I'm not really sure how to go about doing that.
【Rin】Me neither. Hm...
【Len】I know! What if we asked Akito and the others to join us? They keep saying their goal is to put on a big event, so I bet they would know how to do it.
【Rin】That's a great idea! Let's try asking them, then.
【Rin】I want to come up with a good set list, too!
【Len】Yeah. I'd like to make some changes to a few songs so they flow together better, too. Man, the more we talk about it, the more I want to do it.
【Rin】I know what you mean! I'm getting hyped just talking about it!
【Len】I bet our list will get even bigger after getting advice from the others, too.
【Rin】Now I'm getting really excited! Let's make it happen!
【MEIKO】Here are your orders, you two. One tea with custard pudding, and one coffee.
【Rin】Thanks, MEIKO!
【Len】Rin, you like yours with lots of milk and sugar, right?
【Rin】Yep. And you... Oh, that's right! You don't put anything in your coffee anymore, do you?!
【Len】Sometimes. It just depends on how I'm feeling. I think I'll take mine straight today.
【Rin】I'm jealous! You look so grown-up!
【MEIKO】Hehe.
【Rin】What was the chuckle for, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】I was just thinking that it's hard to believe you two were having such a big fight so recently.
【MEIKO】They say the more two people argue, the closer they are. I think that saying applies perfectly to you two.
【Len】The more you argue...? Yeah, I guess it does.
【Len】I don't usually hold anything back when I'm talking to Rin. I say whatever I'm thinking because I feel like she'll be able to accept it.
【Rin】Yeah, I think I'm the same way. With Len, I feel like I can act a little selfish and it'll still be fine.
【Rin】But I suppose sometimes I take it a little too far and it comes out as mean. I'm sorry, Len.
【Len】It's fine. I should be the one apologizing.
【Rin】Hey, would you like half of my pudding? Think of it as a sign of us making up!
【Len】What? Really? Thanks, Rin!
【Rin】Hey! I said half! That's way more than half!
【Len】What happened to being close enough that we didn't need to hold back around each other?
【Rin】That's not the same thing! You definitely don't want to get between me and my food!
【Len】There's no need to get so upset. Look, there's still plenty left.
【Rin】Grr... You even took the part with all the cream on top...
【MEIKO】Alright, settle down you two. I'll tell you what. You can each have an extra dessert today on me.
【Rin】Really?
【MEIKO】Sure. Just this once, though.
【Rin】MEIKO, you're the best! I'll try a piece of the cake, then!
【Len】In that case, I'll get the fruit tart! You want to split them, Rin?
【Rin】Sure! I've been wanting to try the tart. No taking the bigger half this time, though!
【Len】Yeah, yeah. I promise to be careful.
【MEIKO】Hehe. You two really are close. Just try not to argue too much, alright?
【Rin & Len】Okay.
[Sound] bgm00000
