【Momoi Airi — Together With Our Fans!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Together With Our Fans!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: MORE MORE Making Christmas
scenarioId: 007013_airi01

[Background Change] bg_a000803
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Minori】Anyway, I'll see you tomorrow!
[Sound] se00045
【Haruka】Minori...
【Shizuku】She seemed so disappointed...
【Airi】Yeah, but I'm not sure there's anything we can do about that.
[Sound] se00053
【Minori】I can't believe someone's willing to help us like this! Now, our event might just...
【Haruka】Is this the right way to go?
【Haruka】By agreeing to have this person help us, we'd be making them “work” instead of having fun, no...?
【Haruka】In other words, we'd be forcing our fans to face reality and see what goes on behind the scenes...
【Haruka】I want to do everything in my power to make sure our fans get to enjoy our events as fans.
【Airi】Right. I get what you're trying to say, Haruka...
【Airi】Something about having our fans see the other side of the stage while we try to spread hope from that stage does seem a bit off.
【Airi】The proposal we received really did look professional, so having a person like this helping us with our event could be pretty fun...
【Shizuku】I agree... But I'm also a little worried about some of the things that you just said, Haruka.
【Airi】Yeah. It may not be a big one, but it's still an event. We have to take responsibility for what we do.
【Airi】However, we have to do what our managers used to do for us, including booking a venue, setting a schedule and hiring a staff.
【Haruka】Right. This is going to be our first event, so asking our fans to help us seems...
【Airi】A bit much? We are sort of jumping straight into the deep end here.
【Airi】Not only that, we're freelance idols. We have to plan and prepare everything ourselves.
【Shizuku】Yes, which means...
【Shizuku】We have to keep streaming and doing schoolwork on top of planning for this event.
【Airi】Exactly.
【Airi】But if push comes to shove, we could cut back on streaming to give ourselves more time to prepare for our event.
【Haruka】...
【Airi】Haruka...?
【Shizuku】Is something wrong?
【Haruka】Huh? No, it's nothing...
【Airi】Don't give us that. It's written all over your face.
【Airi】You're worried about Minori, right...?
【Haruka】Yes. It's like all I did was shoot down all of her suggestions just now...
【Shizuku】Haruka...
【Airi】Look, there wasn't much you could do about that. Minori probably understands that we were having a serious discussion and have to look at this from different angles.
【Airi】No, wait, you said what you said because you wanted her to know what's most important about all this, right?
【Haruka】Oh... Yeah, that's right...
【Shizuku】Could it be that you're worried about how to interact with any fans that do end up helping us?
【Haruka】I am. I have a feeling that some situations are going to arise where we're going to have to speak to one another as employer and employee...
【Haruka】And if anything does end up happening during the event, we'd be forcing our fans to share in that burden by being our staff.
【Haruka】I'm afraid that we'll be breaking their hearts instead of inspiring hope.
【Airi】We should probably keep discussing this as a group moving forward.
【Airi】But with more optimism if possible! I have a feeling that we'll miss our mark if we keep thinking in terms of negatives.
【Shizuku】Yes, I agree.
【Haruka】Me too.
【Haruka】Thank you as always, Airi...
【Airi】Huh? Why are you thanking me?
【Haruka】Because you always seem to know exactly what to say in these situations. All I did was say how tough or difficult things will be...
【Airi】Oh, that? I don't think that's actually a bad thing.
【Airi】You always put your fans first, Haruka, and take everything you do as an idol seriously.
【Shizuku】You're willing to take a hard look at things and tell us exactly how you feel about them, right?
【Shizuku】You may sound harsh at times, but I actually have an easy time accepting what you say.
【Shizuku】I'm sure Minori feels the same way.
【Haruka】Oh...
【Haruka】Yeah, you're probably right.
【Airi】(Alright, the four of us are gonna have to keep discussing what to do about this event together.)
【Airi】(Not being able to put on events in real life is gonna severely limit what we can do as a group...)
【Airi】(Which means, we'll just have to come up with a way that lets us do events while spreading more and more hope!)
[Sound] bgm00000
