【Unit Event — A Sad Farewell at the Curtain Call】

Event: A Sad Farewell at the Curtain Call
Event Type: marathon
Episodes: 8
Outline: The next ambassadorial performance is going to be the last one?! Wonderlands×Showtime is staggered to hear the news, but is followed by an offer to do a joint performance with a highly regarded theme park that puts on the best shows in Japan. As chaotic practices ensue, Rui is approached by a certain person...

[Background Change] bg_d000903
[Caption] Rui's Room
[Sound] se00319
【Rui】Okay, it's complete.
【Rui】(Hehe. We'll be able to use this miniature lighting mechanism to do projection mapping wherever we like, which should allow us to employ a wide variety of new effects.)
【Rui】(I'm looking forward to seeing how everyone reacts when they see this.)
【Rui】(Ah, if only it could be tomorrow now. Then I'd be able to show them immediately.)
【Rui】Hehe...
【Rui】(I have them to thank for being able to try putting on so many different kinds of shows.)
【Rui】If we can keep putting on shows like this for as long as possible...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a004703
【Nene】Y-Yes, we probably will have to go our separate ways in order to pursue our dreams...
【Nene】The thought of that happening is really sad and makes my heart sink...
【Nene】But when that happens... I have a feeling that it'll be the moment when we take a big step towards achieving our goals...
【Emu】Nene...
【Tsukasa】...
【Nene】And until that time comes, I want to cherish the shows that we're able to do together...!
【Nene】All of us... Together!
[Background Change] bg_d000903
【Rui】Until that time comes, eh...?
【Rui】She's right though. We'll have to cross that bridge eventually.
【Rui】So, until then, I should keep doing my absolute best.
【Rui】Anyway, I should go to bed soon. They'll surely scold me if I show up with bags under my eyes...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Sound] bgm00032
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Hmm... Soon... No, not yet... But they should be...
[Sound] se00143
【Emu】We're done cleaning over here!
【Nene】Good job, you two.
【Emu】Hm...? What's Tsukasa doing over there? He seems kinda anxious.
【Rui】Yes, he does. He seemed fine just a second ago...
【Rui】Ah, it may be because Emu's brothers are supposed to meet with us soon...
【Nene】Oh, right. They usually tell us where we're going to do our ambassadorial performances in the morning on days off.
【Emu】Yeah, I can't wait to hear about where we're going next♪
【Tsukasa】Hmm... They should be here soon... But they're later than usual...
[Sound] se00143
【Keisuke】Good morning. You all seem well, as usual.
【Tsukasa】Ah, there you are!
[Sound] se00049
【Shosuke】Whoa! What's going on? There's no need to run...
【Tsukasa】I've been eagerly waiting to hear about where we'll be doing our next ambassadorial performance! Our show for Shibuya Festa went beyond splendidly, so I'm looking forward to producing similar results!
【Shosuke】Ah, I see... Well...
【Emu】Hm? Is something wrong, Shosuke?
【Shosuke】Um, so... Shouldn't we tell them already, Keisuke...?
【Keisuke】Yes. It'll make things easier to explain if we start with that.
【Rui】What's going on?
【Keisuke】The thing is...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Keisuke】Your next ambassadorial performance will be your last.
【Tsukasa】... ... ...Wh—
[Background Change] bg_a003701
【Tsukasa】What?!
[Background Change] bg_d000201
【Tsukasa】Wh-What do you mean?! This is so sudden! Why?!
[Sound] bgm00038
【Emu】Yeah! Why?! Everyone loves our shows and they always smile after seeing them! What's going on here?!
【Rui】Mind if we ask for more details regarding this?
【Keisuke】Yes, of course.
【Keisuke】First... It will be your last, but that is not actually a bad thing.
【Keisuke】Remember what our initial objective was... To attract guests from other parts of the country who don't normally get a chance to visit our park.
【Nene】Yeah, I do remember you guys mentioning how this park is easy to access for the locals but not for people who live far away...
【Shosuke】Precisely. Our main goal was to attract guests from the more far-flung regions of the country...
【Shosuke】However, we ended up accomplishing that goal much quicker than we initially expected. As a result, we've seen a high influx of those guests.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Emu】So, our shows really worked...?! Woohoo! Awesome!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Tsukasa】Ah, which is why we won't be doing any more shows!
【Tsukasa】At the same time...
【Tsukasa】If they were so effective, why not keep doing them...?
【Shosuke】Point taken, but as it so happens, quite a few of our guests visit Phoenix Wonderland to specifically see your shows. More than you might expect.
【Rui】I see. Now I'm starting to understand...
【Rui】They're visiting the park to see us perform, so not being here because of our ambassadorial duties would only serve to disappoint them...
【Keisuke】Yes, exactly. As such, we need you to stay and perform at the Wonder Stage.
【Keisuke】Then, both the park and its guests will benefit.
【Nene】Right... I guess that makes sense if they want to see us that much...
【Tsukasa】Yes, we should be grateful. Still...
【Tsukasa】We learned so much from doing these performances. In that sense, this is rather unfortunate news...
【Emu】Yeah... You, Nene and Rui smiled so much... And I learned a lot...
【Emu】But I'm also happy that so many people from all over the country are coming to visit!
【Nene】Hehe. Me too.
【Rui】Yes, these ambassadorial performances were definitely worth the effort, since we needed to come up with so many creative solutions for them.
【Tsukasa】I agree...! And we'll do the same for everyone who comes to see us at the Wonder Stage by putting on magnificent shows for them!
【Tsukasa】But first, we'll need to cap off our ambassadorial performances with a big finale!
【Emu】Yeah!! Let's do our best to make that happen!!
【Keisuke】We actually have a suggestion regarding your final ambassadorial performance.
【Nene】A suggestion?
【Keisuke】Yes. This may feel a bit sudden, but...
【Keisuke】How would you all like to do a show with the cast of ArcLand...?
【Emu】Hm? ArcLand...?
【Tsukasa】As in Tokyo ArcLand?!
【Nene】What?! The ArcLand...?! The park that's famous for putting on world-class shows and performances...?!
【Keisuke】Yes, the very same. Not unlike Riley Dream Park, they operate parks in ten countries around the world that are based on the countless movies they've produced.
【Rui】That's a very attractive offer, but how did this come to be exactly...?
【Keisuke】Not too long ago, some people from ArcLand contacted us about our show casts doing a performance together as a sort of cultural exchange meant to help raise each other's skills.
【Nene】A cultural exchange?
【Shosuke】We wondered why they were asking us this at all initially, and believed that they were trying to undermine us somehow after we finalized our partnership with Riley Dream Park...
【Keisuke】However, as it turns out, they genuinely seem to want to use this opportunity to give their cast members a chance to improve their skills.
【Nene】Really? Even though they're already this popular...?
【Tsukasa】Despite being the best show in town, they're not resting on their laurels. That's very admirable of them...
【Keisuke】They even mentioned you specifically and how it'd be an honor to work with the peerless casts of the Wonder Stage and Phoenix Stage since they're all the rage right now.
【Shosuke】We're thinking about having Seiryuin and her troupe guide them around the park, with you all doing a show with them. How does that sound...?
【Rui】...
【Rui】(ArcLand is the theme park that arguably puts on the best shows in the country.)
【Rui】(They've even put on shows recently with casts consisting of some of the best young actors around and directors from around the world. They're clearly not afraid to take on new challenges.)
【Rui】(We stand to learn a lot from them. This could be an opportunity for us to grow quite a bit as a troupe.)
【Rui】(And I'm personally curious...)
【Rui】I'd like to go forward with this. What do you all think?
【Emu】I'm for it too! If lots and lots of people come to see our show, it's gonna be even more wonderhoy than usual!
【Nene】I might start feeling nervous if too many people show up... At the same time, I could learn a lot from this experience. So, I'm also for it...
【Tsukasa】Excellent!
【Tsukasa】I have no complaints! Let us take this opportunity as those who truly love shows to learn as much as we can from one another!
【Keisuke】Ah, wonderful. Then, we'll let them know right away.
【Shosuke】We feel bad about dumping this on you so suddenly, but do your best during your last ambassadorial performance, okay?
【Emu】Okay!
【Nene】Still, how many people do you think are gonna come? I really don't feel great about performing with a whole load of new people...
【Tsukasa】Nonsense! You're going to be a world-famous songstress! You should have more confidence in yourself!
【Emu】Yeah, he's right! You're gonna knock their socks off!
【Nene】Just by being confident?
【Rui】Speaking of which, where will we be performing exactly?
【Keisuke】At the Museum of Emerging Technologies that's about to have its grand opening. Here's a pamphlet for it.
【Tsukasa】That means we'll also be advertising the museum itself! We'll need to do our best for this!
【Emu】Wow...! This place looks so cool! And shiny!
【Keisuke】This museum seems to focus on the near future and has exhibits that introduce state-of-the-art technologies from around the world. The plaza outside will be your stage.
【Rui】The near future...
【Rui】Hehe. I'm already getting some interesting ideas.
【Rui】In any case, let's all do our best to put on the best show we can together.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Emu】We're here! Where do you think Miku and the others are!
【Nene】If they're not here, they're probably at KAITO's tent, right?
【Emu】Then, let's go go go! I really wanna tell them about our next show♪
【Tsukasa】Yes, I'm sure they'll want to join in on the action. Miku in particular is probably going to exclaim, “That sounds like fun☆ I wanna be in it too☆”
【Rui】Hehe. I agree. ...
【Nene】...? What's wrong, Rui?
【Rui】Oh, um... I was just wondering about something...
【Emu】Wondering about what?
【Rui】Just how many of my ideas the cast members from ArcLand are going to be willing to accept?
【Tsukasa】...!
【Tsukasa】Rui...
【Rui】Ah, don't worry. It's not actually bothering me that much.
【Rui】However, after that wedding, the night show and the Sports Festival... I've come to understand that not all are willing to go along with my ideas...
【Rui】But it's okay. I was simply wondering how far I'll be able to go with our final ambassadorial performance.
【Emu】I'm sure we'll get to do lots! I mean, your ideas are always super duper fun, Rui!
【Tsukasa】Exactly!! Your directing is invaluable to us!! I say use whatever ideas you see fit!!
【Rui】Hehe. Thank you all very much.
【???】I said NO!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Birdie Plushie】No, I wanna do it! I'm gonna do it!
【Tsukasa】Hm? Those voices...
【Emu】Hey, look over there! It's Miku and everyone! What are they doing?!
[Sound] se00049
【KAITO】Ah, there you all are. Unfortunately, we have a slight situation on our hands...
【Nene】What kind of situation?
【MEIKO】See the birdie plushie talking to Miku right now? They're arguing about whether or not to do a show on the flying train.
[Sound] bgm00038
【Rui】Oh, on the train? We did that with KAITO once.
【KAITO】That's actually the reason. Our feathery friend here wishes to do the same thing...
【KAITO】A show that's full of acrobatic stunts performed on top of the train.
【Nene】On top of it? With everyone? That sounds pretty dangerous...
【Rui】I agree... Doing a show like that has certainly crossed my mind before...
【Rui】From what I saw before, there's no way to actually operate the train, and it seems to just fly off on its own sometimes. As a result, that endeavor ended up being too risky.
【MEIKO】We even thought about how to use wires and such, but couldn't think of what to do if they got tangled up...
【MEIKO】So, we said that we shouldn't do a show up there. But...
【Len】I mean, it'd be pretty hard to pull off if you can't fly like a birdie. And even the others who can fly said they were scared...
【Birdie Plushie】But I can do it!
【Birdie Plushie】I don't care if no one else can! I'll do it by myself!
【Miku】What?! W-Wait!
[Sound] se00250
[Sound] se00049
【Rui】As much as they want to do a show, no one else is willing to participate...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】That sounds like the old me. I wish I could help out somehow...
【KAITO】We also want to help. That's why we've been trying to come up with an alternative.
【KAITO】Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to take up so much of your time with this... You're all here to practice, yes?
[Sound] bgm00018
【Tsukasa】Actually, we stopped by to tell you about what we'll be doing for our next show.
【Luka】Oh? Please continue.
【Tsukasa】As it turns out, we're going to be performing a show alongside some cast members from the world-famous theme park, ArcLand.
【MEIKO】Oh, that sounds like fun! Do you know what your show is going to be about?
【Rui】Not yet. We're scheduled to meet with them tomorrow. Our plan is to discuss ideas with them when we do.
【KAITO】Break a leg, everyone! This should end up being a nice experience for all of you.
【Rui】Thank you. We hope so too.
[Sound] se00104
[Sound] bgm00000
【Emu】Oh, Miku's back...!
[Background Change] bg_s000127
[Sound] bgm00039
【Miku】*Sigh* Birdie flew away...
【Miku】Hmm... What do we do? Isn't there a way for us to do a fun show together...? Huh...?
【Miku】Hey, when did you guys get here...?!
【Nene】We heard about what happened. How are things going? It sounds like you're in a tough pickle...
【Miku】Hmm... Well...
【Miku】I really don't know what to do... And Birdie flew away all angry and frustrated... *Sigh*
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【Emu】Miku...
【Miku】But sighing isn't gonna help us put on a fun show...
【Miku】I'll keep trying to come up with a way that the plushies can do one...!
【KAITO】Hehe. Me too. Let's work together so that they can put on a good show.
【Rui】Please feel free to ask us if you need any help.
【Miku】Okay! Thanks!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000202
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Hmm... As glad as I am that we got to tell them about our next show, it was a bit strange to see them in such a predicament.
【Rui】Yes, it was...
【Rui】Shows can involve a large number of people all fixated on different goals, which can lead to some unpleasant situations.
【Nene】Yeah... We'll need to keep that in mind for our own show...
【Emu】Us too?
【Nene】Yeah, because we're gonna be performing with a new set of people. There's probably gonna be some growing pains...
【Emu】We'll be fine! We just have to get to know each other and...! Oh, I know! We should have some food or snacks together! Then we'll be friends in no time!
【Nene】Hehe. What, like eating from the same plate or something?
【Rui】Actually, that may not be a bad idea. We should do that if we get the chance.
【Emu】Yay!!
【Tsukasa】Okay! Then, let's do our best to put on an excellent show together!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Sound] bgm00032
[Caption] Two days later
【Tsukasa】Hmm...! Soon... No, not yet... But they should be...!
【Nene】This feels like déjà vu...
【Rui】I guess he did the same thing the day before yesterday.
【Emu】I can't wait for them to get here♪ How should we greet them? Oh, what if I flew down from above?!
【Nene】That'd definitely get their attention, but you'd also probably scare them. Let's save that for some other time.
【Emu】Okay, let's save it for then!
【Rui】Hehe. Alright, it's just about time...
【Keisuke's Voice】Please enjoy the rest of your visit.
【???】Yes, we intend to!
[Sound] se00173
【Tsukasa】Hm! Is that...?!
【Rui】I'm seeing... Seven of them.
【Nene】Wait, that person at the front looks really familiar...
【Nene】I-Isn't that Asahi Genbu?!
【Tsukasa】Asahi Genbu...? Wait, THE Asahi Genbu?!
【Emu】Huh? Where?! Gen-who?!
【Nene】Genbu. His name's Genbu.
【Rui】Asahi Genbu... He's a young actor who's been attracting quite a bit of attention lately. On top of being a central figure at ArcLand, he's been appearing in movies and TV shows.
【Rui】He's supposed to be a remarkable actor, so I'm looking forward to seeing how he performs in person.
【Rui】Oh, he's also famous for being among the first to be asked to perform at the Center Theatre.
【Emu】The Center Theatre...?
【Nene】So, ArcLand has a lot of stages, but you can only perform on that one if you're both young and really good.
【Emu】Wait, really?!
【Rui】ArcLand certainly has been putting a lot of resources into their stage performances recently. They've been recruiting the best up-and-coming actors and directors, while also providing them with an environment in which they can all thrive.
【Tsukasa】I'd seen Asahi Genbu a number of times before on TV... But to think that he's actually here...
【Asahi】Oh...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Huh...?!
【Tsukasa】(Th-This pregnant pause...! Wh-What's going on?!)
[Sound] bgm00015
【Tsukasa】(No, calm down! A star should know how to keep their cool in these situations. Just greet him like normal and...)
【Asahi】It's...
【Tsukasa】It's?
【Asahi】It's really you!! WXS in the flesh!!
【Tsukasa】Huh...?
【Asahi】Everyone! It's really WXS! Look, it's Miles! He's literally right in front of us...!!
【Tsukasa】Miles?! O-Oh, from the night show...
【Asahi】W-Would it be okay if we shook hands?!
【Tsukasa】O-Of course!! Why not...?!
【ArcLand Cast Member A】C-Calm down, Asahi!
【Asahi】How can I?! They're WXS! The ones who came up with that night show!
【ArcLand Cast Member B】Haha... I guess there wasn't much we could do to avoid this...
【Nene】H-He's way different from what I was expecting...
【Emu】He seems really fun and energetic!
【Asahi】Oh no! I'm sorry, I forgot to introduce myself!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Asahi】My name is Asahi Genbu. I'm beyond ecstatic about being given this opportunity to put on a show with all of you!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Asahi】We're cast members for Tokyo ArcLand's Center Theatre, and we very much look forward to working with you!
【Tsukasa】Yes, uh...! We look forward to working with you as well!
【Tsukasa】We are Wonderlands×Showtime! And I am the troupe leader, Tsukasa Tenma!
【Rui】Hehe. He's very different compared to when he appears on TV and such...
【Rui】But he seems like an interesting person.
【Nene】I-I'm Nene Kusanagi... I started acting when I was little after joining a children's theatre group. One thing led to another and I ended up performing at the Wonder Stage.
【Nene】Also... I like singing very much! I-I'm looking forward to working with all of you, and promise to do my best!
[Sound] se00022
【Nene】Geez, I thought my heart was gonna stop...
【Emu】That was a really wonderhoy speech, Nene! Oh, it might've been more wonderhoy if you sang!
【Nene】M-Maybe next time...
【Tsukasa】Alright, now that we've had a chance to introduce ourselves, why don't we start discussing the details for our ambassadorial performance?
【Asahi】Yes, let's!
【Emu】Oh! Then, can I start?!
【Emu】Since we're gonna be performing at the Museum of Emerging Technologies, what if we did something futuristic?!
【Tsukasa】F-Futuristic? You always come up with these vague suggestions...
【Nene】Yeah, but... I think she has the right idea. I mean, we usually try to match these performances to the venue's theme.
【Rui】Right... As usual, it's best to make the most out of where we'll be.
【Rui】I'm sure our audience will also appreciate how it goes with the museum's theme and see it as a special experience.
【Asahi】Ah, I see... So that's how you come up with your ideas for shows.
【Rui】We generally try to fully utilize the stage or venue for our performances. Besides that...
【Rui】(I want to make full use of the talent ArcLand has given us.)
【Rui】(Asahi Genbu in particular since he's multitalented... He has a knack for quickly getting into character for whatever role he's assigned. Some even call him a genius for being able to do that...)
【Rui】(Not only that, but Tsukasa, Nene and Emu stand to learn quite a bit from seeing him perform.)
【Rui】(Ideally, we'll be able to maximize what we get out of this experience.)
【Rui】(Especially for the sake of Tsukasa and Nene, who both dream of seeing the world.)
【Rui】(So, something that makes use of our venue while also helping improve everybody's skills...)
【Rui】I suggest that we do “The Two Androids”.
【Tsukasa】“The Two Androids”?
【Asahi】Ah, yes... That would go well with the museum.
【Rui】Are you familiar with “The Two Androids”, Genbu?
【Asahi】It's a hidden gem in terms of science-fiction stories. A friend of mine recommended it to me and read it for the first time at a library in Japan when I was in sixth grade.
【Rui】Oh, what a coincidence. I read the Yoshio Ueda translation when I was in elementary school.
【Asahi】You too, Kamishiro?! That's the version I read! But looking back, I had a lot of trouble getting my head around how it was written...
【Rui】Hehe. So did I. I'm not sure it was meant to be read by elementary schoolers.
【Asahi】Exactly! I tried reading the original when I was in junior high school and actually had an easier time understanding it.
【Rui】(I already had a hunch, but I suppose it's only natural for the young stars of ArcLand to have been exposed to old classics like this one...)
【Rui】(But he said “a library in Japan” just now... Does that mean he spent time living abroad for a time?)
【Tsukasa】So, what's “The Two Androids” actually about?
【Rui】Oh, about that. Allow me to give a quick synopsis...
【Rui】It takes place 100 years in the future in a laboratory where the two androids reside.
【Rui】They were so new that the professor who made them still hadn't gotten around to programming in any knowledge.
【Rui】However, one day, other humans discover them. Soldiers from Nations A and B.
【Rui】Both sides sought to weaponize them, which led to each nation taking one android for themselves.
【Rui】With a bit of luck, Alfred, the android that was taken by Nation A, managed to escape the clutches of the military and find refuge in the home of some kind-hearted pioneers at the edge of the wilderness. Alfred would begin learning more about the world.
【Rui】Meanwhile, Bartlett, the android that was taken by Nation B, underwent the process of becoming a weapon of war.
【Emu】Oh no! That's terrible!
【ArcLand Cast Member A】But it makes for an interesting story.
【Rui】Then, during the final scene, they're reunited in the battle-scarred wasteland that was the pioneers' home.
【Rui】One android was taught the value of human kindness, while the other was only shown how to cruelly inflict pain onto others. Despite originating from the same place, they ended up walking down starkly different paths.
【Tsukasa】Wh-What happens next?!
【Rui】What happens next...? Hehe... You'll just have to read the script to find out.
【Tsukasa】Wh-What...?!
【Nene】You're really not gonna tell us?! You pretty much told us the whole story!
【ArcLand Cast Member B】Yeah, I wanna know too!
【Asahi】Haha! You're quite the storyteller. But I agree. You should all read what happens for yourselves.
【Rui】Yes, my point exactly. So, Genbu, promise not to tell them what happens.
【Asahi】Of course! Oh, speaking of which...
【Asahi】Please, call me Asahi. If it's okay with all of you, I'd like to call you by your first names as well.
【Rui】Yes, Asahi, please do.
【Tsukasa】Alright, now that we have our story, let's start choosing roles!
【Rui】Ah, about that. I actually have an idea regarding who will be leading...
【Asahi】You do?
【Rui】Yes.
【Rui】I'd like you and Asahi to play our two androids, Tsukasa. How does that sound?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Asahi and I as the two androids...? So, in other words, you want two leads for this show?
【Rui】Yes, that's right.
【Rui】To be fair, Alfred's technically the main protagonist of this story.
【Rui】Especially considering how Alfred goes from being a mindless machine to a sentient being with real emotions.
【Rui】However, Bartlett plays a key role during the last scene. So in essence, the show has two leads.
【Asahi】Yes, that sounds really interesting! I'd be honored to be one of the protagonists alongside Miles.
【Tsukasa】Likewise...! This should end up being a very good learning experience.
【Tsukasa】So, who's going to be playing which android?
【Rui】I actually don't want to make a decision just yet.
【Asahi】Huh?
【Rui】The truth is, Asahi, I still don't know much about your acting style.
【Rui】Which is why I'd like you two to try playing both roles in order for me to see who's more suited for which role.
【Tsukasa】I see. Good idea, Rui. I have no problem with that!
【Asahi】Me neither! That actually makes things more exciting!
【Rui】Thank you both very much. If it's okay with all of you, I'd like to think more about the other roles once I get home.
【Emu】Okay!!
【ArcLand Cast Member A】I can't wait to read the script!
【Rui】(Okay, that went rather smoothly, and everyone seems to be in a good mood...)
【Rui】(However, the hard part starts now. Between deciding how they need to act, what stunts and effects to use and working with the cast members of ArcLand, there's a lot of work up ahead.)
【Rui】(Regardless... I should just proceed the way I normally do and give it my best.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] A few days later
【Rui】Now that we all have our roles, I'd like for us to do a table read today. Once again, I look forward to putting on a good show with all of you.
【Tsukasa】As do I!!
【Asahi】Same here! I'm really looking forward to this!
【Emu】It's still the morning, but everyone sounds so fired up♪
【Nene】W-We have two shouters now...?
【Asahi】Oh, by the way, Rui...
【Asahi】Which roles do you want Tsukasa and me to play for the time being? You're going to make your final decision later, right?
【Rui】For now, Asahi, I'd like you to play Alfred, the android that gets taken by Nation A. As such, Tsukasa, I'd like you to play Bartlett, the android that gets taken by Nation B.
【Rui】I'd also like it if you two could swap roles depending on the scene and how we do during our read.
【Rui】Unfortunately, that means you two will each have to learn both roles...
【Asahi & Tsukasa】No problem! Leave it to me!
【Rui】Hehe. Wonderful.
【Rui】As for the rest of you... Emu, you'll be playing the girl who finds Alfred at the edge of the wilderness. Nene, you'll be playing Bartlett's drill sergeant.
【Emu】Okay!
【Rui】Then, let's begin our table read.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
【Tsukasa】“Good morning, Alfred. How are you...?”
【Rui】Again...
【Tsukasa】Rui, I thought we were just getting our feet wet with this one...
【Rui】I apologize for interrupting you this early, but you just didn't sound like an android just now. Would you mind giving it another try...?
【Tsukasa】Hmm... Like an android...
【Nene】That sounds really hard. I'm not sure how I'd play one...
【Emu】Hmm... “G00D M0RN1N6! ALFR3D!”
【Nene】Does that count as being an android...?
[Sound] se00057
【Asahi】Hmm...
【Asahi】Rui, would you mind if Tsukasa and I tried going through that opening conversation together?
【Rui】Ah, of course.
【Asahi】Let's give it a try, Tsukasa! I'll also do my best at playing an android!
【Tsukasa】Th-Thank you... Then, let's go through it...
【Tsukasa】“Good morning, Alfred. How are you...?”
[Sound] bgm00000
【Asahi】“Good morning, Bartlett. I am good.”
【Tsukasa】(H-Huh? What's happening...?)
【Tsukasa】(Asahi's spoken only one line, but it's like I'm speaking to a completely different person...)
【Asahi】“Such wonderful weather, and just the right temperature. The Professor will surely be pleased.”
【Tsukasa】(*Gasp* I see. I was under the impression that an android shouldn't speak with too much intonation...)
【Tsukasa】(But it's the opposite. These androids were made to communicate with humans, so they should speak in a slightly robotic fashion that's easy for a human listener to understand.)
【Tsukasa】“The Professor should enjoy this nice weather by going outside of the laboratory for a change...”
【Asahi】“That is unlikely. The Professor is like a mole and this laboratory is his underground den.”
【Tsukasa】“Indeed. If only we could do something about that habit of his.”
【Rui】“Who are you comparing to a mole? Have you both forgotten that I am your creator?”
【Tsukasa & Asahi】“Professor.”
【Rui】Yes, that was good. You both still need time to get used to working with one another, but try to keep in mind what you just did.
[Sound] bgm00006
【Tsukasa】Yes, I see...!
【Tsukasa】Thank you very much, Asahi.
【Asahi】Haha. There's no need to thank me.
【Tsukasa】No, there is. I have a slightly better understanding of how to play an android thanks to you.
【Asahi】Really?! Great! That just leaves...
【Asahi】...understanding what was going through the Professor's mind as he built these androids. That should help you even more.
【Tsukasa】...!
【Tsukasa】(I see... I was convinced that playing android simply meant behaving like one...)
【Tsukasa】(But understanding the reasoning behind the Professor making these androids, as well as why they are the way they are...)
【Tsukasa】(So many questions... Why were they originally made? How human did he want them to become...?)
【Asahi】Tsukasa...?
【Tsukasa】H-Huh?! Don't mind me!
【Emu】You two really seemed like androids just now!
【Nene】You really surprised me with your acting, Asahi. Also, I'm glad Tsukasa managed to catch on.
【Rui】(Asahi may have an even bigger impact on Tsukasa than I initially expected...)
【Rui】Anyway, let's continue.
【Nene】“What's the meaning of this? Did others decide to break into this laboratory at the same time as us?”
【ArcLand Cast Member A】“Stay frosty, Sergeant Willis! This is a battlefield now!”
【Nene】“C-Copy...!”
【Nene】(S-Such a loud voice...! It's making my ears shiver...!)
【Nene】(But I see what they're doing... There's no way to tell what's gonna happen on a real battlefield with real weapons, so it makes sense to act that way...)
【Emu】“Huh? Look, Mom, it's a person! I think they collapsed!”
【ArcLand Cast Member B】Oh, Emu, you might not want to announce your presence like that for this scene.
【ArcLand Cast Member B】There aren't supposed to be many soldiers around at the edge of the wilderness, but this person could be one.
【Emu】Oh, I get it! I'll try to be more discreet!
【Rui】(I should expect no less from ArcLand's cast members. It's only been a few days since we chose what we'll be performing, but they all seem to have already thoroughly gone over the story...)
【Rui】(Asahi in particular. Alfred is hardly an easy role, but it appears that he knows exactly what to do.)
【Rui】(Not only that, but he doesn't seem to be breaking a sweat. So...)
【Rui】(How is Tsukasa going to react to this...?)
【Tsukasa】(Even though it was meant to be just a quick table read, there's a clear skill gap between me and him...)
【Tsukasa】(And it's not just Asahi... They only had a few days, but his fellow cast members have also thoroughly studied their roles.)
【Tsukasa】(On top of that, they seem to have studied the others' roles as well in order to make sure we put on a good performance. All the while, I'm too busy thinking about my own character...)
【Tsukasa】(No, stop...! A star shouldn't be feeling so down!)
【Tsukasa】(A skill gap simply means I need to find a way to get better!)
【Tsukasa】(Remember how you learned to play Thorpe! It's how you're going to become a world-famous star!)
【Rui】Alright, let's try reading through the story until the end!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Emu】*Sob* This story's so good...
【ArcLand Cast Member A】That final scene on the battlefield was so moving...
【Nene】Yeah. I'm glad they were able to understand each other in the end.
【Rui】Hehe. I'm glad you all liked it so much.
【Rui】(Okay, we seem to be in a good spot. However, we'll have a few variables to deal with moving forward...)
【Rui】(For example, how many of my ideas will the others be willing to accept?)
【Rui】Now that we've finished our table read, I'd like to start thinking about the stunts and effects we'll be using for the opening scene.
【Tsukasa】The opening scene? You mean when there's a raid on the lab?
【Asahi】The moment when the androids' daily lives are torn to shreds... It's very dramatic. I'm looking forward to seeing how it turns out.
【Rui】Yes, in order to give it that dramatic feel...
【Rui】I'm thinking about having you all perform an actual raid.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Asahi】An actual raid?
【ArcLand Cast Member B】What do you mean by that?
【Rui】Hehe. Maybe that wasn't the best way to put it.
【Rui】My goal is to use the raid in the beginning to raise the excitement level for the show. That's why I'd like for it to be as real as possible.
【Tsukasa】I see... But how do we do that exactly?
【Rui】We'll be performing at the plaza in front of the museum, no? I noticed that a handful of lamp posts line the area.
【Rui】We can use those to signal the start of the attack. Specifically, I'm thinking about having the commander stand on top of them as they give the order.
【ArcLand Cast Member A】On top of them?
【Rui】Yes. I've already received permission from the museum.
【Rui】The lamps are wide and flat on top, so it's actually possible to stand on top of them. I'm planning on making a prop for support that can be attached to one's lower back.
【Rui】However, they're about five meters tall, so we'll also need to prepare a lifeline and safety mats just in case the worst happens.
【Asahi】Five meters...
【Tsukasa】Rui...
【ArcLand Cast Member A】... Okay, can we test that out?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】Huh?
【Tsukasa】Test it out?
【Asahi】Yes, a test is a good idea! Let's see... Oh, that gate over there seems to be about five meters high.
【Asahi】Emu, can we try climbing on top of that gate over there?
【Emu】Yeah, no problem!
【Asahi】Alright, let's tie this lifeline onto you and... You're all set to climb!
[Sound] se00055
【ArcLand Cast Member A】Okay... Asahi, mind reading the line before mine for me?
【Asahi】Sure! The security guard's line, right?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Nene】Th-They seem pretty used to doing stuff like this...
【Asahi】“Intruders!! All hands on deck!!”
[Sound] bgm00058
【Asahi】“They must be after the androids in the underground laboratory, Alfred and Bartlett!! Whoa!!”
【Asahi】“Geez, they've already made it this far...!”
【ArcLand Cast Member A】“The laboratory is ours! However, we don't appear to be alone...”
【ArcLand Cast Member A】“No matter... Professor Christopher Hawking! Surrender and bring those androids of yours to us at once!!”
【Emu】Whoa, that was so cool...!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】I-I'm staggered...
【Asahi】It's a little dangerous, but I do agree that orders sound more compelling when literally given from up high!
[Sound] bgm00006
【ArcLand Cast Member A】But we'll be in full view of the audience as we climb. We didn't exactly look cool while we did, so we should think of a way to cover for that.
【ArcLand Cast Member B】We'll also want to look cool while dropping down. Remember those poles we used during that one show? What if we used them for this scene?
【ArcLand Cast Member C】Okay, let's ask to see if we can borrow them from the theater!
【Rui】(So this is what ArcLand's cast members are capable of...)
【Rui】(Even if a stunt is clearly dangerous, they're willing to consider the value in it instead of outright deciding against it.)
【Rui】(Not only that, but they're able to come up with ways to improve and implement it.)
【Rui】I've never experienced anything like this before...
【Asahi】Okay, Rui, that should allow us to implement your idea!
【Rui】Thank you very much. With regards to this stunt, I'd like to keep polishing it while receiving input from all of you.
【Asahi】Alright, sounds like a plan!
【Tsukasa】Then, let's begin practicing!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00052
【Tsukasa】“What is the meaning of this? Where are the laboratory's security guards?”
【Rui】Again, Tsukasa, you're an android! You sound far too shaken! Act more robotic!
【Asahi】I understand that it's an emotional scene, but it may be better to not give each word so much weight. Try saying your lines like you're saying A-E-I-O-U.
【Tsukasa】I see... Let me try that again.
【ArcLand Cast Member A】“Sergeant Willis! Have you apprehended the Professor?!”
【Nene】“We still can't find him... There's no sign of him in the lab!”
【ArcLand Cast Member B】Hmm... Am I right in saying that you're more the stationary type, Nene?
【Nene】Huh? Y-Yes... Compared to the others, I don't tend to move around all that much...
【ArcLand Cast Member B】I see. Then, let's try going over the scene where we're looking for the Professor together. We're soldiers, so we need to look the part.
【Nene】O-Okay! I really appreciate it!
【Emu】Oh, what if we did something like this when we burst in through the doors?! Ka-pow!
[Sound] se00446
[Sound] se00447
[Sound] se00448
【ArcLand Cast Member A】Hey, that looks fun! Lemme try it too! Ka-pow!!
[Sound] se00446
[Sound] se_event_curtaincall_2022_001
【Emu】Whoa! That was so cool!! How did you manage to go all twirly-whirly?!
【ArcLand Cast Member A】Heh heh heh. It's supposed to be a trade secret... But if you really wanna know...
【Emu】Yeah, I do! Please teach me!!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000202
[Sound] bgm00018
【Nene】Huff... Huff... I'm exhausted...
[Sound] se00104
【Rui】Nice work, Nene. How do you feel?
【Nene】Tired... I've been using all my energy just to keep up with the others. They're too good.
【Nene】But they've also been giving me some advice here and there, which is really nice. Still, it's amazing how they can pull off all these crazy stunts. It's like they're all Seiryuin.
【Rui】Yes, I know what you mean...
【Rui】(ArcLand's cast members are certainly very skilled.)
【Rui】(Some are definitely as good as Seiryuin, the prima donna of the Phoenix Stage. On top of that, they have Asahi, who's in a league of his own.)
【Rui】(I was afraid that the others would feel somewhat dejected when faced with such a skill gap...)
【Rui】(But they seem to be taking it in stride...)
【Asahi】Hmm...
【Tsukasa】Is something wrong, Asahi?
【Asahi】Oh, I was just thinking about how to act out this part.
【Asahi】During the raid, Alfred becomes unable to walk after being shot in the foot, right?
【Asahi】Since we'll be performing our show at a big plaza, I'm wondering if our audience will be able to actually see me if I'm on all fours... I'm thinking that we ask Rui to set up some sort of platform.
【Tsukasa】I see... By the way, how do you plan to play him during that scene?
【Asahi】Oh, something like this.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Asahi】“Bartlett...”
【Asahi】“I cannot move any further... Go on without me.”
【Tsukasa】...!
【Tsukasa】(I thought this when his fellow cast member climbed on top of the gate...)
【Tsukasa】(But Asahi and them all make full use of body language in their performances. It's a far cry from our abilities.)
【Tsukasa】(Not only do they have a deep understanding of their roles, but they can get into character at the snap of a finger. Even something as difficult as being an android...)
【Tsukasa】(Furthermore, despite being an emotionless android, he's able to make each scene incredibly impactful.)
【Tsukasa】(It's as if we're on a real battlefield...)
【Tsukasa】Such acting talent...
[Sound] bgm00024
【Rui】Okay, that should be enough practice for today.
【Everyone】Nice work, everyone!
【Emu】Wow, we practiced so much today! I'm super tired!
【Tsukasa】I can see why. We're dealing with roles that are more difficult than usual and involve quite a bit more action.
【Tsukasa】As a result, my stomach is...
[Sound] se00011
【Tsukasa】Whose stomach just growled...?
【Emu】Wait, Tsukasa, that wasn't you?!
【Nene】I thought it was you too.
【Tsukasa】Nonsense! Yes, I'm hungry, but...
[Sound] se00011
【Asahi】Oh... P-Pardon my indiscretion...
[Sound] se00011
【Tsukasa】It was you, Asahi...?! How is your stomach able to produce such a violent sound?!
【Asahi】Um, so... I get hungry somewhat easily...
【Asahi】Hey, I know! Why don't we go out and grab some dinner?
【Emu】Oh...! Does that mean we get to eat food from the same plate?!
【Nene】I really hope you didn't take that literally...
【Asahi】Haha! That's the general idea! And since I suggested it, I'll pay!
【Asahi】So, let's take this opportunity to dine and chat! Okay, to be fair, I was thinking that we go to a diner or something.
【Tsukasa】Yes...
【Tsukasa】(This may be our chance to learn some things that we can't necessarily while on stage...!)
【Tsukasa】Alright, just give us a second to let our parents know!
【Asahi】Yes! That's what I like to hear!
【Nene】Huh? W-We're really going? I'm not sure if I feel confident enough for that...
【Tsukasa】We shouldn't let this opportunity slip. Not when it means we may get to ask them about how they usually practice and such.
【Nene】R-Right... We don't get many chances like this...
【Emu】I wanna go too! Let's have a big feast!!
【Asahi】How about you, Rui? Will you be able to join us?
【Rui】Yes... I'd also like to go.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] Diner
【Tsukasa】Alright, let's celebrate this wonderful union between us and the cast members of ArcLand...!
【Nene】What is this? A wedding toast?
【Tsukasa】Cheers!!
【Everyone】Cheers! Cheers.
[Sound] se00163
【Emu】Let's dig in! This all looks so good♪
【Nene】Wait, Emu, you'll burn your tongue if you're not careful.
【Emu】I'll be careful!
【ArcLand Cast Member B】Hehe. Your Salisbury steak looks delicious, Emu!
【Asahi】Now, today was the first rehearsal where we all used our scripts... How did everyone do in your guys' opinion?
【Rui】Naturally, we were very impressed by ArcLand's cast members. You certainly are a world-class bunch...
【Rui】On top of being wonderful actors, you're willing to listen to others and provide suggestions for improvement in order to make the show as good as it can be. I couldn't be more grateful.
【Tsukasa】I agree... And we all seemed to learn quite a bit.
【Tsukasa】Practicing with all of you made me realize that I still have a lot of work to do.
【Tsukasa】There's so much that I still don't know... If I'm going to have any hope of becoming a world-famous star, I'll need to keep learning as much as I can.
【Rui】Tsukasa...
【Tsukasa】Hm? Ah, don't worry about me! I plan on using this experience to soar to even greater heights.
【Tsukasa】Especially since working with such skilled actors means we get to learn new things from one another. So, I hope we get to keep doing that until the curtains go up on the day of.
【Asahi】Of course! I'd like that as well!
【Asahi】Oh, Rui, there's actually something that I've been meaning to ask you...
【Asahi】Is it just me or is your directing style heavily influenced by Tom Gray?
【Rui】What...? Yes, that's right. How did you...?
【Asahi】I knew it! The way you had us do the raid scene today reminded me of the heist scene from “Acclamation of Anger”.
【ArcLand Cast Member A】Yeah, I totally get what you're talking about! The way he made things more dramatic by drawing the viewer's eyes up was so Tom Gray.
【Asahi】Hah hah hah! I've seen all of Tom Gray's shows at least a hundred times!
【ArcLand Cast Member B】Yeah, we get that you're a huge fanatic. But I get the feeling that you're also a pretty big fan, Rui.
【Rui】Yes, I am... I suspect that I've also seen all his shows about that many times.
【Asahi】Ah, my comrade! No matter how many times I see the shows he directed, I can never get tired of them! Am I right?!
【Rui】I know exactly what you mean. I was particularly taken aback by how “Acclamation of Anger” pays homage to three of his other works.
【ArcLand Cast Member B】Wait, three? I didn't know that!
【Asahi】Do you want to become a director like Tom Gray, Rui?
【Rui】Yes. Just like him...
【Rui】“It doesn't matter if you're rich or poor, clever or foolish, among the majority or minority...”
【Rui】“All people laugh, cry and feel anger in the same way...”
【Rui】“That is what ties us all together after bearing witness to a truly marvelous spectacle.”
【Rui】I want to keep making those kinds of shows.
【Asahi】That's what he said during an interview...
【Rui】Yes, I had a feeling that you knew.
【Asahi】Of course. I mean, what he said really hit home with me!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Asahi】I had the honor of hearing Tom tell me that in person...
【Asahi】There was a time when I lived abroad because of my parents' work, but we somehow found ourselves in the middle of a conflict.
[Sound] bgm00055
【Tsukasa】A conflict...?!
【Asahi】This may be hard to believe, but we suddenly began hearing gunfire. Before long, my windows were being shot out...
【Asahi】It was so scary. My heart still races every time I think about what happened.
【Rui】(That reminds me of...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000201
【Asahi】It's a hidden gem in terms of science-fiction stories. A friend of mine recommended it to me and read it for the first time at a library in Japan when I was in sixth grade.
[Background Change] bg_a001101
【Rui】(Now I see. What he really meant was...)
【Tsukasa】(Oh...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000202
【Tsukasa】(It's as if we're on a real battlefield...)
[Background Change] bg_a001101
【Tsukasa】(That's his lived experience...)
【Asahi】Then, as my parents and I were trying to flee, I got separated from them...
【Asahi】I didn't know what to do, but this old lady helped me out by giving me a ride in her car... As luck would have it, I was able to make it to the border.
【Asahi】I felt better after I saw that there were a lot of people waiting there, but that wasn't the end of it...
【Asahi】I didn't really know the local language since I was only in elementary school, and I hadn't heard any news about my parents. I really thought the world was ending.
【Asahi】That was when I met Tom Gray.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】What was he doing there?
【Asahi】He was from the neighboring country and was volunteering to help refugees.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Asahi】I had no idea who he was. But when he tried to hand me some bread, I said, "I don't want that. I want a way to not be alone."
【Emu】...
【Asahi】Then, he suddenly stood up and replied, “Now is the perfect time to put on a show for children such as yourself.”
【Asahi】It was incredible. Alongside his volunteering duties, he somehow made costumes, props and even a stage out of the refuse and rubble that was lying around. After that, he made reflectors out of the pull tabs he'd taken off some cans and hung them from the roof. I remember how shiny they were.
【Asahi】The show he did was about a child who'd become separated from everyone due to war and how these strange animals took care of him until he was able to reunite with his parents...
【Asahi】It was so fun and exciting. I almost thought that it was about me...
【Asahi】It really felt like a dream.
【Asahi】And thanks to Tom's show, I was able to find my parents.
【Asahi】All because this photo of a certain child who looked completely entranced by his performance was printed in a newspaper.
【Rui】That sounds like an unforgettable memory...
【Asahi】It is! After all, Tom's my hero!
【Asahi】That was when I decided that I wanted to work in show business, and began studying to become an actor...
【Asahi】Then, I learned about ArcLand and the Center Theatre.
【Asahi】I'd already had some interest in ArcLand since it was famous for being a theme park that put on world-class shows.
【Asahi】So, I came up with the idea of putting on shows at the Center Theatre that bring the world together.
【Rui】Shows that bring the world together...?
【Asahi】Haha. I guess that needs more explaining...
【Asahi】In other words, ArcLand is currently working to do shows like the one Tom showed me.
【Asahi】For all those people out there who are somehow surviving but are unable to smile...
【Asahi】The cast of the Center Theatre plans to do shows around the world just for them.
【ArcLand Cast Member A】Right now, we're sort of trying to build the foundation for that. Our goal is to perform at venues all over Japan.
【ArcLand Cast Member A】Once we've accomplished that, we want to travel around the world putting on charity shows and volunteer events.
【ArcLand Cast Member B】We know that not everywhere is safe, and we're trying our best to get a full understanding of that. But we want to do this.
【Asahi】So, in order to produce shows that transcend borders, we need to start by putting on shows in as many places as we can!
【ArcLand Cast Members】Yeah! Yes!
【Rui】Shows that bring the world together...
【Rui】(I see... Asahi and the others have the same dream as me.)
【Rui】(But they're much closer to achieving it.)
【Rui】(Hehe. I can't help but feel somewhat anxious.)
【Asahi】I think I'm so enamored with your directing style, Rui, because you also look up to Tom. I mean, you guys' night show was just so spectacular.
【Rui】Thank you very much. We appreciate your kind words.
【ArcLand Cast Member A】But to think that you're still in high school. Yes, Tom's clearly had a big effect on you, but it's obvious that you've also developed your own style.
【Tsukasa】Heh heh heh! Of course he has!
【Nene】What are you acting all high and mighty about?
【Emu】But Rui really is amazing! All his ideas always go BANG-ZOOM-BOOM!
【Asahi】Hahaha! He definitely likes throwing in some flashy effects.
【Asahi】I know! Why don't you come join us and become our director?!
【Tsukasa】What?!
【ArcLand Cast Member A】Whoa! Slow down! You can't go asking the director of another troupe to just up and leave!
【Asahi】W-Wait, I was joking! I couldn't help it. He's just such a good director...
【Emu】You really had us going there!
[Sound] se_event_curtaincall_2022_002
【Rui】Hehe... This sort of banter is nice every once in a while.
【Asahi】(It is meant in jest...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se_event_curtaincall_2022_002
【Asahi】But I think it'd be really fun if you did join us.
[Sound] se_event_curtaincall_2022_002
[Sound] se_event_curtaincall_2022_002
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
【Rui】Yes, very good! Let's try the next scene with you two swapping roles!
【Tsukasa】Okay! That means I'll be playing Alfred.
【Tsukasa】“Wh-Where am I? I require positioning data for this area.”
【Emu】“Here? It's the farm my grandpa started out here on the frontier, Mr. Robot! We found you collapsed on the ground!”
【Tsukasa】“I am not a robot. I am an android. My name is Alfred Hawking.”
【Emu】“Alfred...? Then, I'll call you Al!”
【Tsukasa】“...? Why use a nickname?”
【Emu】“Why? Umm... Because we want to be friends with you!”
【ArcLand Cast Member A】“Hehe. We mean no harm. Also, you're quite a mess. Let's get you cleaned up, shall we...?”
【Rui】... Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】Hm? Is something wrong?
【Rui】For this scene, can you try bobbing your head left and right as much as possible?
【Tsukasa】Wh-Why?!
【Rui】You seemed to have gathered yourself too quickly, considering you collapsed on the ground just a second ago. So, I'd like for you to converse in a way that shows you haven't fully regained your balance.
【Rui】Emu, I'd like for you and your family to interact with him in a way that shows you're all doing your best but also recognize that something is not quite right with him.
【Emu】Okay! That sounds like fun!
【Tsukasa】Hnng...!! “Wh-Where am I?! What is this place?!”
【Emu】“Huh?! Why are you swaying so much?! Wait, can you not talk unless you do?”
【Tsukasa】“I require positioning data for this area!”
【Rui】Tsukasa, don't forget that you're an android!
【Tsukasa】A-Always with the impossible demands!
[Sound] se00449
【Asahi】“Target eliminated...”
【ArcLand Cast Member A】“Good progress. He should be ready for the front lines in no time.”
【Nene】“B-But... Do you think he's actually going to be effective?”
【ArcLand Cast Member A】“As his drill instructor, that is entirely up to you. Your goal is to make him ready for battle in a month's time.”
[Sound] se00104
【Asahi】“Orders, Sergeant Willis.”
【Nene】“You seemed so much more human when you first arrived here...”
【Nene】“Alas, you're but an android.”
【Asahi】“Yes. I am an android.”
【Nene】“Silence. Return to your standby area.”
【Asahi】“Understood.”
[Sound] se00104
【Rui】Asahi, a word.
【Asahi】Yes, of course.
【Rui】You've certainly been putting an acting clinic on for us... However, since we'll be performing outside, I'd like to mix things up a little.
【Rui】Specifically, I'd like for you to say, “Yes. I am an android,” as loudly as you possibly can.
【Asahi】Huh? As loudly as I can?
【Rui】Yes. I'd like to make this scene a little more comical for the audience by having it appear as though the volume regulator for your voice is broken...
【Rui】After that, by switching back to a serious tone, it'll make this conversation more impactful.
【ArcLand Cast Member A】I see... It'll keep everyone guessing.
【Asahi】That sounds interesting! Let's give it a try!
【Asahi】“YES!!!!!! I AM AN ANDROID!!!!!!!!”
【Nene】Gah!!!! He's almost as loud as Tsukasa!
【Rui】Nene, stay focused!
【Nene】Right... “Wh-Why are you shouting?! Is the volume regulator for your voice broken or something?!”
【Asahi】“YES!!!! THAT IS CORRECT!!!!”
【Nene】“Grr...! Where is it...?! Okay, how's this?!”
【Asahi】“Thank you very much, Sergeant Willis.”
【Nene】“Ugh... You're such a pain! Are you really a state-of-the-art android?!”
【Asahi】“Yes...”
【Asahi】“I am an android.”
【Nene】“Silence. Return to your standby area.”
【Asahi】“Understood.”
[Sound] se00104
【Rui】Okay, let's go with that... Also, Nene, well done.
【Asahi】I already knew... But this show really is a lot of fun.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】(Tsukasa, Emu and Nene are all performing according to my directions while doing their best to keep up with everyone from ArcLand.)
[Sound] bgm00006
【Rui】(Tsukasa in particular is doing a wonderful job of learning how to play a role that doesn't entirely suit him...)
【Rui】(However...)
【Tsukasa】Rui! Can we talk...?
【Rui】Yes, of course... How can I help you?
【Asahi】Shouldn't we decide who's going to be playing which role soon? We don't have much time left until our show.
【Nene】Yeah, as fun as it is to see Tsukasa and Asahi play both roles, we sort of need you to make a decision soon.
【Emu】Who gets to be who?
【Rui】Hehe. Your timing couldn't be better. That was exactly what I was just thinking about.
【Rui】(First, Alfred, since he's the central character of this story...)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】(He goes through a process of developing real emotions, so playing him will require a delicate touch.)
【Rui】(However, I'd also like for him to connect with the audience by adding a more human element.)
【Rui】The role of Alfred...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】Will be played by... Asahi.
【Tsukasa】Well, I suspected as much...
[Sound] bgm00018
【Tsukasa】Asahi was perfect in every aspect. It genuinely felt like I was speaking to an android.
【Rui】Precisely...
【Rui】Also, I came to the conclusion that I needed someone who can present the process of developing real emotions in an elegant manner.
【Rui】Which is why I chose Asahi.
【Tsukasa】Yes, I completely agree with your decision...
【Tsukasa】Which means I am to play the role of Bartlett!
【Rui】Yes... I'm looking forward to seeing a good performance from you, Tsukasa.
【Asahi】Thank you for entrusting me with such an important role. I promise to do my absolute best.
【Tsukasa】Thank you as well. I'll be looking forward to seeing your Alfred.
【Tsukasa】Now that I know I'm going to be playing Bartlett, I'll need to start practicing the final scene in earnest.
【Asahi】Right. The scene following the battle is probably this play's most important one, so let's both do our best, Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】Yes, let's!!
[Background Change] bg_d000202
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002402
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] The day before the show
[Caption] Main Street
【Shop Clerk】Thank you!
【Rui】Okay... Thank goodness I was able to get my hands on these.
【Tsukasa】To think that we'd run out of flower confetti for the final scene. I doubt any of us were expecting that.
【Rui】I was supposed to keep an eye on that, so I apologize for making you come with me like this. Thank you as well, Asahi.
【Asahi】No, it's my pleasure! Also, I'm glad we were able to buy what we needed, so let's head to the station.
[Sound] se00171
【Tsukasa】Tomorrow's finally the big day...
【Asahi】This past month went by so fast.
【Tsukasa】Yes, it did...
【Rui】Are you worried about the final scene, Tsukasa...?
【Tsukasa】Hm? Oh, is it that obvious? Something about it just isn't sitting right with me.
【Tsukasa】It's such a moving scene... I mean, Bartlett starts to gain emotions because Alfred manages to connect with him. But I just can't quite get it right.
【Asahi】You've done everything you could up until now, Tsukasa.
【Asahi】We worked on our acting together and you went through the trouble of asking everyone about how to make your performance more compelling. Again, you've done everything you could, so you should have more confidence in yourself.
【Tsukasa】Yes, you're right...
【Rui】...
【Rui】No. I think you can do more, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】What?
【Rui】You're a future star, no? You should be able to handle that scene without any issues.
【Rui】So, I say keep fighting until the very end.
【Tsukasa】...!
【Rui】While we were shopping, I was considering what is still missing from your performance.
【Rui】I began wondering if your talent for expressing yourself was actually holding you back.
【Rui】If you found a way to hold back your thoughts and feelings... Then let just a little bit eke out during that scene... Would you mind practicing that tonight?
【Tsukasa】So, hold my feelings back and let a little out...
【Tsukasa】Okay...! I'll try practicing that when I get home!!
【Tsukasa】Which means I should go now! I'm sorry, Asahi, but I need to leave!
【Rui】Okay! Get home safe!
【Asahi】See you tomorrow, Tsukasa...!
[Sound] se00104
【Asahi】You seem to trust Tsukasa quite a bit.
【Rui】Yes, I do. Also...
【Rui】I believe it's a director's duty to ask a little too much of their actors sometimes.
【Asahi】I agree... A show can only happen when you trust and believe in one another.
【Rui】Precisely.
【Rui】Now, we should also make our way to the station.
【Asahi】Yes, let's...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002302
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
[Sound] se00020
【Asahi】...
【Rui】(Hm? Asahi hasn't said anything for a while now. Is something wrong...?)
【Asahi】Rui...
【Rui】...?
【Asahi】I know this is going to feel very sudden.
【Asahi】And I know it's the day before our show, but I need to ask you this...
【Asahi】How would you like to work at ArcLand?
【Rui】...?!
【Asahi】You're still in high school, so you'd probably be hired as a part-timer... But I have a feeling that they'd make you a full employee in no time.
[Sound] bgm00021
【Rui】So... You're headhunting me?
【Asahi】Yes, that's one way to put it...
【Asahi】Seeing you in person convinced me...
【Asahi】With you, I have a feeling that we'd be able to put on a show that brings everyone in the world together... Like the way Tom did...
【Rui】...!
【Asahi】As a director, you're bold and not afraid to ask others to do some wild things...
【Asahi】But that excites me. I'm constantly at the edge of my seat wondering what you're going to say or how you're going to respond next.
【Asahi】That's why I want to work alongside you, Rui...
【Rui】I greatly appreciate what you just said, but...
【Asahi】I'm confident that your addition will lead to the rest of us becoming better actors.
【Asahi】And you becoming a better director.
【Asahi】The Center Theatre at ArcLand is a venue where only those with the potential to become world-class stars are able to perform.
【Asahi】I'm sure directing such a cast would be unbelievably fun for you since you'd be able to put on shows beyond your wildest imagination... Shows that can bring the world together...
【Asahi】So, how does working with us at ArcLand sound?
【Rui】...
【Rui】(I really wasn't expecting to be asked to work at ArcLand...)
【Rui】(Few directors would ever be considered for such an offer...)
【Rui】(And in terms of my dream...)
【Asahi】I'm sorry... I know this is very sudden and a lot to process. To tell you the truth, I wasn't planning on asking you here...
【Asahi】So, you don't have to give an answer right now. Please let me know once you've had some time to think about it.
【Rui】Okay, understood...
【Asahi】Again, I apologize for surprising you like this. Anyway, I'll see you tomorrow!
【Rui】Okay. See you tomorrow...
[Sound] se00104
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001302
[Caption] Neighborhood
【Rui】...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a002302
【Asahi】How would you like to work at ArcLand?
[Background Change] bg_a001302
【Rui】(I never imagined being given such an offer...)
【Rui】(The night before our show too, no less.)
【Rui】(In terms of making my dream come true, I couldn't ask for a better situation...)
【Rui】(ArcLand provides the best environment for those who wish to put on or perform in shows.)
【Rui】(With one of the largest troupes out there. A troupe that excels at cultivating young talent.)
【Rui】(And if their actors are willing to place their faith in me as a director, there's no question that we'd be able to do some unimaginable things together...)
【Rui】(But above all else...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a001101
【Asahi】So, I came up with the idea of putting on shows at the Center Theatre that bring the world together.
【Rui】Shows that bring the world together...?
【Asahi】Haha. I guess that needs more explaining...
【Asahi】In other words, ArcLand is currently working to do shows like the one Tom showed me.
【Asahi】For all those people out there who are somehow surviving but are unable to smile...
【Asahi】The cast of the Center Theatre plans to do shows around the world just for them.
[Background Change] bg_a001302
【Rui】(They're genuinely trying to transcend beyond what it means to be a show.)
【Rui】And yet...
【Rui】Why was I unable to give an immediate response...?
【Rui】(No, wait, there's nothing wrong with that...)
【Rui】(Because... If I leave, Wonderlands×Showtime will no longer have a director.)
【Rui】(Not only that, but I'd be dashing the hopes of everybody who wants to see us perform... That pains me the most...)
【Rui】(And above all else...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Background Change] bg_a001302
【Rui】(Still...)
【Rui】(I... I want to make my dream come true.)
【Rui】(And we can't all stay at the Wonder Stage forever.)
【Rui】(The time will inevitably come when I and the others will have to part ways...)
【Rui】(All of us...)
【Rui】(We put on shows while being supportive of each other's dreams.)
【Rui】(So I'm sure they'll be willing to accept my decision if it means I get to make mine come true.)
【Rui】(And I'd happily support the others if they were in a similar situation.)
【Rui】(At least, I think I would...)
【Rui】(Which is why I...)
【???】Rui!!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】Huh? That voice...
【Nene's Voice】Emu, I didn't mean yell from the window like that! Oh, but I think we got his attention...
【Nene's Voice】Are you just getting home?
[Sound] bgm00024
【Rui】Y-Yes...! But why's Emu at your place, Nene?
【Nene's Voice】We had some time and decided to go through the story together! I was actually just about to walk Emu out...
【Nene's Voice】Wait here one sec...!
【Rui】Okay...
[Sound] se00064
【Nene】Thanks for taking care of the shopping. Based on those bags, I take it you found what we needed?
【Rui】Luckily, I had Tsukasa and Asahi there to help...
【Emu】Okay... Hmm... But you seem kinda tired.
【Rui】I do? What makes you think that? I feel just fine.
【Emu】You looked a little unhappy is all.
【Rui】Huh?
【Rui】Oh, maybe it's because we've been rehearsing nonstop the past few days...
【Rui】I promise to get a good night's sleep tonight. So, I'll be off to do just that...
【Nene】Oh...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Background Change] bg_a001302
【Nene】Did something happen while you guys were out shopping?
【Rui】What?
【Nene】That face you just made... It reminded me of the old you.
【Nene】Like you're trying to bury away something important...
【Rui】It's just...
【Emu】So something did happen? Tell us! Maybe we can help!
【Nene】Yeah. If it's really bothering you, don't try to deal with it all on your own.
【Nene】We're standing here today because we've been helping each other out when we can up until now.
【Rui】Yes, that's right... Until now, we...
【Rui】We...
【Emu】Rui...
【Nene】Oh...
【Nene】It's okay. You don't have to tell us.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】Huh...?
【Nene】I get it. Sometimes, you just don't know how to explain what's going on...
【Nene】So, you don't have to tell us right now...
【Nene】You can tell us when you feel ready.
【Rui】Thank you...
【Rui】But I'm sorry. I really should go now. Emu, please get home safe...
【Emu】O-Okay...! Bye bye, Rui!
[Sound] se00104
【Emu】Is he gonna be okay...?
【Nene】I have no idea. But...
【Nene】My gut tells me that it's not gonna be an easy problem to solve...
[Background Change] bg_d000402
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Rui】Ahh...
【Rui】The dazzling scenery in the distance... I'm never going to get tired of looking at it.
【Rui】It's so soothing that I've developed a habit of coming here whenever I need some time alone to think.
【Rui】(But what am I doing here? Honestly...)
【Rui】(I should be telling the others about things that concern my dream...)
【Rui】(I know that.. But...)
【Rui】(What is this pain I'm feeling?)
【???】Oh no! What do we do?!
【Rui】Hm...?
【Miku】Uhh... Hang on... Lie down here...! Are you thirsty? Would you like some water? No, wait, you're a plushie...
【Birdie Plushie】I'm okay... I can stand...
【Miku】Are you sure? You don't have to if you don't think you can.
[Sound] se00104
【Rui】What in the world happened here...?
【Miku】R-Rui!
【Miku】Um, so... Remember how Birdie wanted to do a show on top of the flying train?
[Sound] bgm00024
【Rui】Yes. You all decided against it because it would've been too dangerous...
【Miku】Yeah, but they decided to do a show all on their own.
【Rui】What? Alone?
【Miku】Yeah! They ended up going a bit overboard and collapsed after their show ended...
【Birdie Plushie】But I'm all better now!
【Rui】You did a show all by yourself? That's very courageous of you, but it must've been very hard...
【Birdie Plushie】Yeah, it was! Just setting everything up made my head hurt!
【Birdie Plushie】And... It was kinda lonely...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】What?
【Miku】Yeah, I bet...
【Miku】Putting on fun shows is a really wonderful thing...
【Miku】But it's gotta feel so lonely when the people you care about aren't there with you.
【Rui】Oh...
【Rui】(That's it...)
【Rui】(Despite already having an answer ready, the reason I'm still dwelling on this is because...)
【Rui】(I still want to...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Background Change] bg_d000402
【Rui】(I still want to keep doing shows with them...)
[Sound] bgm00144
【Rui】...
【Birdie Plushie】B-But...!
【Birdie Plushie】As lonely as it was, I had fun!
【Miku】Huh?
【Birdie Plushie】I got to do what I really wanted to do, and it ended up being super duper fun!!
【Rui】...!
【Miku】I see... It's too bad we couldn't put on a show together...
【Miku】But I'm really glad you enjoyed doing it so much!
【Birdie Plushie】Me too!! Thanks, Miku!!
【Miku】Hehe. You're super welcome!
【Rui】...
【Miku】Huh? Rui, what's wrong?
【Rui】Oh, um...
【Rui】I was just thinking about my future...
【Miku】What?
【Rui】Hehe. I know this is sudden...
【Rui】But would you mind listening to what's going on with me for a bit?
【Miku】I see...
【Miku】You'd have to go work with them if you really want to make your dream come true...
【Rui】But a part of me still wants to do shows with my friends.
【Miku】...
【Rui】I hardly ever find myself being so maudlin...
【Rui】And I know that the others are prepared to accept some tough decisions when it comes to our individual dreams.
【Rui】But to think I'd have this much trouble coming to a decision. I feel like a child.
【Miku】No, don't say that!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】Huh?
【Miku】It just means that moving on to make your dream come true and wanting to be with your friends are both really important to you, Rui!
【Miku】Actually, I realized just now that I really understand how Birdie felt...
[Sound] bgm00039
【Miku】As lonely as it was to do a show all alone, it must've been really fun to do everything they wanted...
【Miku】So, you should think really, really, really hard about this decision! For the sake of you now and you in the future, Rui!
【Miku】Because I have a feeling that you won't be happy if you don't!
【Rui】Thank you...
【Rui】I really appreciate how you always listen to our concerns.
【Rui】I'll try giving it some more thought and see which way I should go...
【Miku】Good...!
[Sound] se00104
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000903
[Sound] bgm90040
[Caption] Rui's Room
【Rui】...
【Rui】(It's always been my dream to produce a show that transcends shows. Something that has the power to put a smile on everyone's faces around the world...)
【Rui】(But on the other hand...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Background Change] bg_d000903
【Rui】(A part of me wants to keep doing shows with them. Forever...)
【Rui】(If I turn down Asahi, I'll have the opportunity to do that...)
【Rui】(However...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a002302
【Asahi】As a director, you're bold and not afraid to ask others to do some wild things...
【Asahi】But that excites me. I'm constantly at the edge of my seat wondering what you're going to say or how you're going to respond next.
【Asahi】That's why I want to work alongside you, Rui...
[Background Change] bg_d000402
【Birdie Plushie】B-But...!
【Birdie Plushie】As lonely as it was, I had fun!
【Birdie Plushie】I got to do what I really wanted to do, and it ended up being super duper fun!!
[Background Change] bg_d000903
【Rui】...
【Rui】(I...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d002301
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] Museum of Emerging Technologies - Main Gate Plaza
【Rui】Please bring that large prop over here. Yes, next to this pole will do just fine.
【Tsukasa】Hey, Rui! Is this spot about where we should be entering?
[Sound] se00100
【Rui】Mind showing me? Maybe ten centimeters closer towards stage left...
【Tsukasa】Got it!
【Rui】By the way, Tsukasa, did you sleep well last night...?
【Tsukasa】Yes! I stayed up to practice as much as I could, but managed to get in just enough sleep!
【Tsukasa】All that's left is to do my best during the show.
【Rui】Right. I'll be looking forward to seeing a great performance from you.
[Sound] se00104
【Rui】How are you doing, Asahi...?
【Asahi】Oh, the mats are all set! They should be able to stay in place regardless of what's thrown at them!
【Passerby A】Hey, what are they doing over there?
【Passerby B】Oh, let's see what the poster says. PXL and ArcLand are doing a show together...?!
【Passerby A】Whoa, really?! And Asahi Genbu's gonna be in it! Wanna check it out?
【Passerby B】Wait, Asahi's gonna be in it? Yeah, definitely!
【Nene】...
【Emu】Rui still seems kinda unhappy...
【Nene】Yeah, but he seems a little better compared to yesterday...
【ArcLand Cast Member B】Hm? Nene, Emu, what's wrong? Are you feeling nervous?
【Nene】*Gasp*
【Emu】Urgh! N-No, we feel fine! Better than fine!
【ArcLand Cast Member B】Really? Then, I guess there's nothing to worry about... Please let us know if something is wrong. We'll do our best to help.
【Nene】O-Okay. We really appreciate it.
[Sound] se00104
[Sound] bgm00000
【Nene】(He said he was fine when we made our way over here this morning...)
【Nene】(But maybe the four of us should set aside some time after the show to talk...)
【Rui】Alright, it's nearly showtime.
【Rui】We'll be doing three performances over two days for this. I know this still feels a bit strange since it's the first show we're doing together.
【Rui】However, I strongly believe we'll be able to really deliver.
【Rui】So, let's all do our best.
【Tsukasa & Asahi】Yeah!
[Sound] se00173
【Rui】Alright...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】Let's give them the best show they've ever seen.
[Sound] bgm00058
【Major】“The laboratory is ours! However, we don't appear to be alone...”
[Sound] se00034
【Audience】Wait, they're on top of the lamps! When did they get up there?!
【Audience】Cool!
【Rui】(Excellent. The audience is captivated, just as we planned.)
【Rui】(The next moment's also one of the most important parts of the show since it's going to give them a nice jolt of excitement.)
【Rui】(That aspect of the show is second nature to our guests, while...)
【Sergeant Willis】“Major! There's only one android! Our intel said that there'd be two...”
【Major】“It must've been taken by those rats...! We'll pursue after them! Sergeant Willis, you are to secure the android that you've already found!”
【Sergeant Willis】“Copy!”
[Sound] se00049
【Bartlett】“What happened? Where is the Professor? Please, explain to me what is going on...”
【Sergeant Willis】“Explain...? Well...”
【Sergeant Willis】“You belong to us now. So, you'll be taking orders from us.”
【Bartlett】“But only the Professor can change who has administrator privileges over my systems. Where is he? Is he safe?”
【Sergeant Willis】“He isn't here anymore... Sorry, but we'll just have to change those by brute force.”
【Sergeant Willis】“Hmm... Apologizing to an android feels a bit strange.”
【Rui】(Tsukasa and Nene have improved their acting quite a bit. They certainly seem to have absorbed as much as they could from ArcLand's cast members.)
【Rui】I couldn't be more blessed to have them...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00140
【Alfred】“Wh-Where am I? I require positioning data for this area.”
【Emma】“Here? It's the farm my grandpa started out here on the frontier, Mr. Robot! We found you collapsed on the ground!”
【Alfred】“I am not a robot. I am an android. My name is Alfred Hawking.”
【Sergeant Willis】“Have you downloaded the map for where the next battle is going to take place?”
【Bartlett】“Yes. I have also found the evacuation routes that the civilians will likely be using.”
【Sergeant Willis】“Were you ordered to do that...?”
【Bartlett】“Yes. I was told that it would be absolutely necessary for this battle. Do you have any issues with that...?”
【Sergeant Willis】“Not really...”
【Emma】“Al, help! What do I do?! One of the calves ran away!”
【Alfred】“What?! No! We must go after it at once!”
【Emma】“Thanks, Al! Wait, watch out for the manure pit...”
【Alfred】“Wah!”
[Sound] se00128
[Sound] se00260
【Rui】(The two androids who ended up being raised in two completely different environments...)
【Rui】(However, as the front lines near the peaceful farmland, Alfred is forced to take up arms for the very first time in order to protect its residents.)
【Rui】(And our two androids are reunited on the battlefield...)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】(Now, here comes the show's climax.)
【Rui】(Break a leg, everyone...)
[Sound] bgm00051
【Alfred】“...”
【Bartlett】“Why...?”
【Bartlett】“My systems have been augmented specifically for the battlefield. How are you able to stand your ground against me?”
【Alfred】“I... I do not know... But I...”
【Alfred】“I want to protect these people. That may be the reason why I am able to summon more strength than I normally can.”
【Bartlett】“I do not understand.”
【Alfred】“Please, just try!!”
【Bartlett】“No, I will not. I cannot fathom your motives.”
【Alfred】“I do not wish to kill you, Bartlett!!”
【Alfred】“The only thing that separates us is the environments in which we were raised!”
【Alfred】“We would not be doing this right now if you were not taught to kill!”
【Bartlett】“But that is what I was taught. That is reality. So, I must defeat you.”
【Alfred】“Bartlett!”
[Sound] se00449
[Sound] se00449
【Rui】(Towards the end of the battle, Alfred somehow manages to damage Bartlett's power core...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00029
【Alfred】“Ba-Ba-Bartlett...!!”
[Sound] bgm00034
[Sound] se00049
【Bartlett】“Why are you crying...? You are the victor.”
【Alfred】“How can you call this victory?! There are no winners here...!!”
【Bartlett】“I still do not understand...”
【Bartlett】“However... It may have been nice to see...”
【Alfred】“What?”
【Bartlett】“To see where you grew up... I wonder how I would have...”
【Alfred】“Bartlett!!”
[Sound] se00100
【Emma】“Al! They just said on the news how our country beat that other country! That means you don't have to fight anymore...”
【Emma】“Oh no...!”
[Sound] se00100
【Sergeant Willis】“Bartlett!! No... Why did it have to be like this...?”
【Alfred】“Why did I have to be the one to kill you...?”
【Sergeant Willis】“No, he's still alive...! There should be a backup battery within his power core! As long that you didn't damage that...”
[Sound] se00074
【Sergeant Willis】“I-It looks like it's gonna short...! Do you have any tools I can borrow?!”
【Emma】“Yeah, we have some in the barn! I'll go get them now!”
[Sound] se00049
【Alfred】“I have no idea who you are, but please save him...! Please... I beg you...!!”
【Sergeant Willis】“Hang on... Are you the other android? Did you and Bartlett come from the same laboratory?”
【Alfred】“Y-Yes, that is correct... I was found on this farm and have been working here for ten years now.”
【Sergeant Willis】“I see...”
【Sergeant Willis】“If Bart hadn't ended up with us, he might've been given a chance to lead a better life... Like you...”
【Alfred】“What...?”
[Sound] se00100
【Emma】“I found the tools! I really hope they help.”
【Sergeant Willis】“I'll try my best...! But this is my first time doing this, so I can't guarantee anything...”
[Sound] se00197
【Sergeant Willis】“There...! We should be able to reboot him now...!”
【Sergeant Willis】“But I need to ask you something before I do...”
[Sound] bgm00000
【Sergeant Willis】“If we allow him to reboot normally, he'll probably go straight back to being a weapon of war.”
【Sergeant Willis】“However, if we perform a full reset, we'd be able to erase all of his memories and give him another chance.”
【Emma】“What...?!”
【Sergeant Willis】“I want to erase all the horrible things we taught him. But as the one who was created alongside him, I need to know how you'd feel about that...”
【Alfred】“I...”
【Alfred】“No, please do not reset him...”
[Sound] bgm00039
【Alfred】“Turning him into a blank slate may be easier... But only he knows the value of everything that he experienced these past ten years.”
【Alfred】“So, please leave his memories intact.”
【Alfred】“Instead, would you mind installing this for me...?”
【Sergeant Willis】“Are these memories...?”
【Alfred】“They are mine. From these past ten years.”
【Alfred】“I want Bartlett to see them. I want him to see how beautiful this world is, and why I am able to feel.”
【Sergeant Willis】“Okay... I'll install this before rebooting him.”
【Rui】(This is your moment, Tsukasa...)
【Tsukasa】(Hold back as much as you can, and let just a little bit eke out...)
【Tsukasa】(Show us the never-before-seen moment where an android develops real, human emotions!)
[Sound] se00070
【Bartlett】“Where am I...? I am seeing readings that my power core was destroyed...”
【Alfred】“Bartlett...!”
【Bartlett】“Alfred... Did you wake me...?”
【Sergeant Willis】“Yes, he did.”
【Bartlett】“I see...”
【Bartlett】“Alfred... It appears that there is a mission that I must accomplish right now.”
[Sound] bgm00000
【Alfred】“What?”
【Bartlett】“Will you show me what I saw in these memories?”
【Bartlett】“This beauty you saw over these past ten years?”
【Bartlett】“Then... I may begin to understand who you are...”
【Asahi】...!
【Alfred】“Yes... Yes, of course.”
[Sound] bgm00017
【Alfred】“And... We can keep creating new memories together... Bart...”
【Bartlett】“I would like that very much... Al...”
【Rui】(Ah...)
【Rui】(I really do love these moments...)
【Rui】(When everybody takes my direction on board and their hard work blooms into a wonderful spectacle. Also...)
【Rui】(When I get to see that my direction has moved everyone's dreams along and made them smile...)
【Rui】(I can't get enough of those moments...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d002302
[Sound] bgm00048
[Caption] The next day
【Tsukasa】Thank you all very much for coming to see us!!
【Everyone】Thank you very much!!
[Sound] se00022
【Tsukasa】Wow, we did it...! We managed to make it through both days without incident!
【Emu】Yeah! And the audience looked super happy!!
【Nene】They really did. Also, in comparison to our first performance, I think around double the people came to watch us.
【Asahi】If anything, Tsukasa, we have you to thank for showing such tremendous growth!
【Asahi】The final scene was as incredible as it was because you put so much effort into it.
【Asahi】And it was so cool to watch! I guess that's Miles for you!
【Tsukasa】...! Thank you very much!
【Tsukasa】However, it's sad to think how this may be the last conversation we have together.
【Rui】(The last one...?)
【Asahi】I agree... But this month was so much fun. So, thank you all very much.
【Tsukasa】Thank you as well! It was nice working with you!
【Asahi】Anyway, let's start cleaning everything up.
[Sound] se00173
【Rui】Asahi...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】After we finish cleaning up, can we talk?
【Asahi】...! Yes, of course.
【Rui】Okay, until then...
【Nene】Rui...?
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] By the Fountain
【Rui】I apologize in advance for doing this right after our show. I'm sure you're very tired, Asahi...
【Asahi】No, I'm okay. I have triple the stamina of a normal person!
【Asahi】Anyway...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Asahi】Have you reached a decision?
【Rui】Yes...
[Background Change] bg_d002302
[Caption] By the Fountain
【Rui】After we spoke that day, I thoroughly weighed my options... To stay at Phoenix Wonderland as a member of Wonderlands×Showtime...
【Rui】Or to work alongside you, Asahi, at ArcLand...
【Rui】And I thought quite a lot about each option in terms of making my dream come true...
【Asahi】I see...
【Rui】To be completely frank...
【Rui】If I want to make my dream come true, I should accept your offer, Asahi.
【Asahi】...!
【Rui】The practices we held together for our performance showed me just how skilled and passionate the cast members of ArcLand are.
【Rui】It's a simple fact that no other place in Japan has such a group at its disposal.
【Rui】Not only that, but ArcLand provides the perfect working environment for directors. I wouldn't have to make any of my own props...
【Rui】So...
【Rui】As a director, moving to ArcLand is what I should do...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Asahi】Does that mean...?
【Asahi】...!
[Background Change] bg_s000126
【Asahi】That's quite an expression you've got on your face...
[Sound] bgm00146
【Rui】Huh...?
【Rui】My expression? What do you mean...?
【Asahi】You know what I mean. I wish there were a mirror here.
[Background Change] bg_d002302
【Asahi】Rui... Thank you for considering my offer. I'm glad you took the chance to join us seriously.
【Asahi】But... I have a feeling that your heart lies elsewhere.
【Rui】...!
【Rui】(Oh, I see...)
【Rui】(I guess this means I...)
【Asahi】I noticed something when we were practicing together.
【Asahi】The way you direct is truly egalitarian. You're never biased towards anyone.
【Asahi】That being said, you show a great amount of trust in everyone from Wonderlands×Showtime.
【Asahi】You still want to do shows with them, right...?
【Rui】...
【Asahi】*Sigh* I wish things could've turned out differently...
【Asahi】Especially since it seems like I failed to make you think, “I want to direct for this guy!”
【Asahi】Which means I still have a long way to go as an actor.
【Rui】That's not true. You're already an incredible actor, Asahi.
【Asahi】Haha. Thanks. But I want to get better for when we meet next time and really make you do a double take.
【Rui】Asahi...
【Asahi】Still, I understand how you feel...
【Asahi】I was blown away by Tsukasa's acting today. Compared to who I spoke to before the show, it's like he was a completely different person.
【Asahi】Nene and Emu also did an admirable job of keeping up with us.
【Asahi】If I had friends like that, I'd want to do everything I can to make them shine on stage. I'd want to see how they grow moving forward...
【Rui】Yes... To me, Wonderlands×Showtime is...
【Rui】A precious jewel that perpetually glows with color and brightness.
【Asahi】That's a nice expression.
【Asahi】Anyway, I'll ask you again when you graduate from high school.
【Asahi】Until then, Rui, I'll be waiting. On the world's stage...
【Rui】Asahi...
【Asahi】Hehe. I'm sure you... No, I'm sure all of you will be able to catch up to me in no time.
【Rui】Yes, we will.
【Asahi】In that case, let's both keep doing our best. For the sake of our friends!
【Rui】Yes, let's.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Museum of Emerging Technologies - Main Gate Plaza
[Sound] se00143
【Rui】I'm back, everyone.
【Nene】Oh, Rui...
【Tsukasa】Ah, there you two are! Where have you been all this time?
【Rui】We finished cleaning up what we were assigned to, so we decided to have a little chat. We apologize for disappearing like that partway through.
【Tsukasa】No, it's our last day together, so it makes sense that you wanted to talk. Mind if I ask what the subject was?
【Rui】Well, we talked a little bit about the future...
【Tsukasa】The future...? That's awfully vague.
【Tsukasa】But this show did make me think a little about my own future.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】It did?
【Tsukasa】I realized that my acting skills need a lot of work.
【Tsukasa】Getting to work with the cast members of ArcLand like this reminded me that the road to stardom is a long one.
[Sound] bgm00039
【Tsukasa】So, in order to become a world-class star that really shines, I'll need to learn as much as I can from actors like Asahi moving forward.
【Tsukasa】You as well, Rui!
【Rui】Yes. I'll be glad to help you, future star...
【Rui】Anyway, now that our final ambassadorial performance has come to a close...
【Rui】Let's start thinking about the next show we'll be doing at the Wonder Stage. I already have a mountain of ideas that I want you all to...
【Emu】Oh, Nene, does this mean...?!
【Nene】Yeah...
【Nene】I'm not sure what happened... But he seems a lot better now.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_e001302
[Sound] bgm00024
[Sound] se00309
[Caption] Aboard a Train
【Emu】Hehe... I can eat lots more...
[Sound] se00309
【Nene】Hnng... My shoulders feel...so heavy...
【Rui】Hehe. Sounds like they're having some nice dreams.
【Tsukasa】Hm? Rui, you're awake? I thought you'd fallen asleep considering the day we had.
【Rui】I had a few things on my mind is all. Aren't you going to sleep, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Actually, I've been thinking about a few things as well.
【Rui】Oh? May I ask what's on your mind?
【Tsukasa】The fact that we won't be putting on any more ambassadorial performances. It's been bothering me a little...
【Rui】Why's that...?
【Tsukasa】As I mentioned a little while ago, this experience gave me an opportunity to learn quite a lot from Asahi and the others...
【Tsukasa】I suppose it's only natural for skill gaps to appear when performing in shows alongside good actors...
【Tsukasa】But learning something new topped all of that, and it ended up being very fun.
【Rui】Yes, I agree. I had fun as well.
【Rui】I can tell that you were able to learn several new things while working alongside Asahi this past month, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Yes, I knew it! You saying that means the changes I've been feeling are real!
【Tsukasa】Still, I'm saddened by how our ambassadorial performances are coming to an end. After all, we were able to meet and work with these incredible people because of them...
【Tsukasa】As a future star, I sure hope that I'll get more opportunities to really grow like this...
【Tsukasa】But there's no use crying over spilled milk!
【Tsukasa】We have a duty to fulfill as cast members of Phoenix Wonderland. Let us do what we can for it!
【Rui】Right... Well...
【Rui】You have clear goals that you wish to accomplish, Tsukasa.
【Rui】You care deeply about doing your best as a cast member of Phoenix Wonderland and making your own dream come true...
【Tsukasa】Rui...
【Rui】Hehe. To be fair, I'm just paraphrasing what somebody else said.
【Rui】But no one has the right to step on your true feelings.
【Tsukasa】I see... Hearing you say that is very encouraging.
【Tsukasa】And yes, you have a point... For the sake of Phoenix Wonderland, as well as my own dream, it may be good to look at things that way moving forward.
【Tsukasa】Yawn... I'm getting sleepy all of a sudden.
【Rui】You should rest. I'm sure you're very tired after doing two performances today. I'll wake you when we arrive at our station.
【Tsukasa】Okay, thank you. Then, I'll be going to sleep for a bit...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00309
【Tsukasa】... *Snore*
【Rui】Hehe. What a lively snore.
[Sound] se00309
【Rui】Tsukasa's also been thinking about what we'll be doing moving forward...
【Rui】(Sooner or later, we're all going to set out to achieve our own goals...)
【Rui】(Things are fun now, but that may change in an instant.)
【Rui】(I suspect I'll have moved on by the time that happens.)
【Rui】(Or no...?)
【Rui】(Look at me. When am I going to grow a spine and learn to be more decisive...?)
【Rui】(However, I did learn one thing from this experience...)
【Rui】(I want to keep doing shows with my friends. More than I previously realized...)
【Rui】(So, for now, I'll keep holding onto both...)
【Rui】(My desire to make my dream come true and my desire to keep putting on shows with my friends.)
【Rui】(But it could be possible for us to stay together and make all our dreams come true... I'll try coming up with a way.)
【Rui】(Hehe. I'm such a romantic...)
【Rui】(But I want to see that future.)
【Rui】(So, I should do everything I can right now to make that happen...)
[Sound] se00309
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00309
