【Hanasato Minori — Happy Birthday! 2026〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hanasato Minori
Card: Happy Birthday! 2026（BD）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 005043_minori01

[Background Change] bg_a001401
[Caption] A few days before Minori's birthday
[Caption] carino/carina
【Haruka】Happy birthday, Minori!
【Everyone】Happy birthday!
[Sound] se00009_b
【Minori】Wow...! Thank you, everyone!
【Minori】Hehehe. I wasn't expecting so many people to come! What a surprise!
【Shiho】Of course we came. Who'd miss a good friend's birthday?
【Shizuku】I actually asked Shii and her friends if they knew a good place to hold your party.
【Minori】Wait, you did?
【Ichika】It's a special day, after all. I thought it would make you happiest to celebrate with lots of people.
【Honami】And Saki was the one who suggested holding the party here at the cafe.
【Minori】Oh, I see! So that's why the manager wished me a happy birthday too!
【Nene】Hehe. You seemed really happy about that, Hanasato.
【Minori】I mean, I just really wasn't expecting the manager to do that for me!
【Minori】Especially as soon as I came into the cafe! I got totally blindsided!
【Emu】Hehehe♪ Everyone was all sparkly smiley☆
【Mizuki】And, guess what! Ena got a perfect snapshot of your face at that very moment♪
【Minori】Huh?! When did you even?!
【Ena】Hehe. I saw my chance and took it. I'll send this to you later, okay?
【Mizuki】Maybe we should send it to An and Kohane too. They were really bummed they couldn't make it.
【Mizuki】Ah, but they said they'll definitely catch the stream!
【Minori】Oh! That's so nice of them...
【Ena】Speaking of which, are you all ready for the stream?
【Minori】Oh, um... Everything I was in charge of is ready!
【Ena】In charge of?
【Minori】I don't actually know what the plan is for today's stream.
【Shizuku】Hehe. We're preparing everything in secret.
【Airi】It's her birthday, after all, so we figured, why not make it a surprise?
【Ichika】Oh, I see. I feel like that would just make me nervous...
【Minori】Airi and the others won't even give me hints about what they're planning, so I've just been wondering this whole time!
【Haruka】Hehe. Don't worry, it'll be fun for you and for our fans, so just look forward to it.
【Emu】I wonder what it is. Ooh, what if they set off a big firework on stream?!
【Nene】I don't really see that happening... But it sounds like it'll be a fun surprise, anyway.
【Minori】Yeah!
[Sound] se_walk_women_005_1
【Saki】Sorry for the wait! The cake is all ready!
[Sound] se00314_b
【Minori】Hooray! I can't wait!
【Minori】Hehehe, I've really been looking forward to the specialty birthday cake! It has lots of yummy toppings and frosting and... Huh?
【Minori】Huh?! This is a little different from the cake I was expecting!
【Minori】This drawing on the chocolate plaque... Is this me?!
【Minori】And there's a little me on top of the cake too! And a Haruka, and an Airi, and a Shizuku too!
【Mizuki】A+ reaction, Minori!
【Shiho】We got to thinking that it would be a shame to have them bring out exactly the cake you were expecting.
【Ichika】So we thought, if we adjust the design a little bit, that might make for a really fun surprise.
【Shizuku】Ena was the one who did the drawing of you.
【Airi】And we made the little figures of us out of marzipan, with help from Emu and the others.
【Haruka】We thought, since we're doing all this, why not make the whole cake MORE MORE JUMP! themed?
【Minori】You mean, this is a special, one-of-a-kind MORE MORE JUMP! birthday cake?! That's... That's...
【Minori】That's so cute, I can't bring myself to eat it!
【Shizuku】Oh, dear.
【Airi】It's a cake, it's meant to be eaten! And we have a lot more party planned for afterward!
【Minori】O-Okay... I'll do my best!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000602
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Minori's Room
【Minori】So then, after we all had cake, we played board games together!
【Minori】I wasn't doing very well, but everyone cheered me on together. And in the end, I turned it around! I was so happy...!
【Miku】<Hehe. It sounds like it was a very fun party!>
【Minori】Yeah! So many people were there to celebrate with me. It really filled me with so much energy!
【Minori】And everyone said they'll be watching my birthday stream, too. I'll have to really make it a great one!
【Minori】Oh, right! I have to read those over before stream!
【Rin】<“Those”?>
【Minori】Hehehe, the fan letters I got! So many people sent me happy birthday wishes!
【Minori】It really makes me so happy to get so many messages from our fans...
【KAITO】<Each message from a fan contains their heartfelt feelings, after all. Even more so when it's a birthday message.>
【Luka】<Hehe. It sounds like you'll have a wonderful birthday, full of warm wishes.>
【Minori】Yeah!
【Minori】But it's not even my actual birthday yet. Is it really okay for me to get so many kind messages?
【Rin】<Don't worry! Have your fill and enjoy♪>
【Minori】Aw, thanks! But...
【Minori】It makes me so happy that everyone is thinking of me and wants to send me such kind words and wishes...
【Minori】I just feel like I have to give back as much... No, I need to give back more and more gratitude to all of them!
【Minori】I wonder if there's a way I can...
【Minori】Oh...! I know!
【MEIKO】<Hehe. Landed on a good idea?>
【Minori】Yeah! I sure did!
[Sound] bgm00000
