【Azusawa Kohane — Vivid BAD SQUAD〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: Vivid BAD SQUAD（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 009002_kohane01

[Background Change] bg_c000101
[Caption] Weekend Garage
【Kohane】And then you substitute x here...
【An】Ah, I think I got it. Like this?
【Kohane】Yeah, that's right.
【An】It's easy from here... Solved!
【An】Phew! I finally understand how this works.
【Kohane】Well done, An.
【An】Thank you for explaining it to me.
【Kohane】You're welcome.
【Kohane】(Hehe. Going through these problems with her was a good review for me, and it made me happy to help An.)
【An】What would I do without you?
【An】I've got to do okay on the next exam, or the teacher will make me stay after school for extra tutoring.
【Kohane】Are you sure it's okay for us to study here, though? You're not open for business yet, but it still feels strange having the cafe all to ourselves.
【An】It's better here. I'd only get distracted at home.
【An】Besides... Wait here a minute.
【Kohane】(She went to the kitchen? Is she getting us some food?)
【An】Teacup, check. Now, the tea leaves...
【Kohane】Are you by any chance making tea?
【An】Yeah. You've earned yourself a treat!
【An】And don't worry, I got dad's permission to use the cafe stuff.
【Kohane】Thanks. Can I help you with anything?
【An】Nope. Just wait and relax. I want to do something nice for you in return for you teaching me math.
【Kohane】Hehe, okay then.
【An】You'll have to be patient, though. I need to warm up the crockery first, or it won't taste as good.
【Kohane】Ah, I remember hearing that getting the right temperature makes a big difference for black tea.
【An】It's true! Also you should let it infuse for the right amount of time.
【An】My dad taught me all about it.
【An】By now, I'm pretty confident I can make great-tasting tea for the customers, so that's one more skill besides singing that I can be proud of.
【An】Okay, it's ready.
【Kohane】Wow, it has a beautiful color.
【An】It tastes amazing, too. Come on, try it.
【Kohane】Thanks.
【Kohane】Mmm, it's delicious!
【An】Told you!
【Kohane】It's nice to have special skills like that.
【An】You've got talents of your own. Like singing.
【An】And being able to undertake any task with absolute commitment. That's a skill in my eyes.
【Kohane】Hmm, I guess photography would count too.
【An】Photography?
【Kohane】Yeah. Just like your dad taught you about specialty teas, mine taught me photography.
【Kohane】He's very picky about the photos he takes and has a whole assortment of cameras and lenses.
【Kohane】When I turned 12, he gave me one of his cameras and showed me how to use it.
【An】Huh, that's cool. How do you learn to take better pics? Do you take photos of landscapes or something?
【Kohane】Yeah. I also go to Phoenix Wonderland to take pictures. I can spend the whole day there.
【An】A whole day? Do you split that between photography and having fun with the park attractions?
【Kohane】What, no. If I'm going to shoot photos, that's the only thing I do.
【An】No way!
【Kohane】Sometimes I also have Count Pearl pose for me.
【An】Count Pearl's—that's your dad's pet snake, right?
【An】Good to know I'm not the only one with a weird dad.
【Kohane】Hehe, yeah.
【An】So we've got another thing in common—we've been taught special skills by our dads!
【An】Oh, and by the way, I'd love to see some of your photos!
【Kohane】Okay! I'll bring some to show you next time.
[Sound] bgm00000
