【Hatsune Miku — So Hoppy To See You!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: So Hoppy To See You!（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Deep Dark for Light
scenarioId: 021056_miku02

[Background Change] bg_d002501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
[Caption] Harbor
【Miku】Humhuuum♪
【KAITO】Someone's in a good mood.
【Miku】Yeah! The show the plushies put on yesterday was so much fun!
【Len】Yeah, it was super good! Hey, look! There are the plushies right now.
【Miku】Oh, yeah! Hi, plushies♪ Your show yesterday was sooo much fun☆
【Plushie A】Yay! Thanks!
【Rin】I really liked the part where everyone did a line dance!
【Len】My favorite part was the chorus. Your song was really cute!
【Luka】The audience was all smiles, too. It was lovely to see.
【Plushie A】Yeah. I'm so glad we did it!
【Plushie B】It's because you all helped us out.
【KAITO】Hehe. We're glad to have been of assistance.
【Miku】But remember, we're not the ones who made it a big success!
【Miku】That was all of you, and the lots and lots of practice you put in☆
【MEIKO】Yes, it was so much fun! I can't wait to see the next one!
【Plushie B】Oh...
【Plushie A】About that... There's something we want to talk about.
【Rin】Ooh, what?
【Len】If we can help, we'd be happy to!
【Plushie B】Um, so, everyone says the show was lots of fun, and they want us to do another one.
【Plushie A】They keep asking when the next one will be, and they seem really excited.
【Miku】Wow, that's amazing!
【Miku】That shows how much you made everyone's hearts sparkle and jump♪
【Plushie B】So, we'd like your help again. Because we can't think of any good ideas...
【KAITO】Of course. We're always happy to help making fun shows with everyone.
【Plushie A】Wow, thanks!
【Luka】So, I wonder what would be good for your next show...
【KAITO】Yesterday's show took full advantage of the plushies' cuteness.
【KAITO】Something in the same vein would work... But it might be fun to try something completely different, too.
【Miku】Ooh, like what?
【KAITO】What about a horror show?
【KAITO】An exciting, spooky show starring a group of monsters who love to scare people.
【MEIKO】Ooh, that's fun! I bet it would really spook the audience to have ghosts and monsters appear in the stands!
【Rin】L-Let's not make it too scary, or we'll probably make some of the plushies cry.
【Luka】If we want to do something different, a mystery might be fun.
【Miku】A mystery?
【Luka】That's right. Like a group of plushies solving an incident at the harbor.
【Luka】Letting the audience join in on solving the mystery would be fun and exciting, wouldn't it?
【Miku】Wow, that does sound fun! I hope I can figure it out!
【Len】Or there's also... Ah! How about a cool show?
【Len】A battle between plushies with lots of stage combat would be awesome!
【Miku】And it'd really shock everyone to see our cute plushies zipping all over everywhere☆
【MEIKO】If we want coolness, a story starring heroes of justice would be wonderful!
【MEIKO】Imagine the plushies transforming, combining and beating up bad guys!
【KAITO】C-Combining...? I can't really imagine what that would entail, but it sure sounds impressive.
【Miku】Let's see, other cool stuff...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000402
【Tsukasa】But... At the same time, I can see clearly how much faster he is than me, and how much further down the path he is.
【Miku】Tsukasa...
【Tsukasa】But... But, well. There's nothing for it but to do it.
【Tsukasa】I have to push forward and blaze a path for myself.
[Background Change] bg_d002501
【Miku】Oh...
【Miku】Hey, how about this kind of cool?
【Miku】The main character has a big dream, but he runs into lots and lots of troubles.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Miku】But even when things are sad or painful, he pushes through step by step... And in the end, he makes it!
【Rin】Ooh, that is cool too!
【Luka】Hehe. That kind of steady, hard work is the coolest of all.
【Plushie A】Steady... Ah! I just had a great idea!
【Plushie A】A carp plushie works super hard to swim up a river, and eventually they become a dragon! How about that?
【Len】A carp turns into a dragon?! That's super cool! I like that!
【KAITO】Steady, hard work... I feel as though we know someone who fits that bill.
【MEIKO】Hehe. A certain someone working hard for his contest, even.
【Miku】Hehehe. Thinking about Tsukasa made me want to see a show like that!
【Luka】I'm sure the plushies' show will be wonderful.
【Rin】Oh, but I bet Tsukasa will be surprised to see a show that's based on him♪
【Len】Then let's work on it in secret, and surprise him!
【Miku】Okay! Let's all work hard with the plushies!
[Sound] bgm00000
