【Kusanagi Nene — I'm Used To Setup Now〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kusanagi Nene
Card: I'm Used To Setup Now（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Backlight, Lens Flare
scenarioId: 015032_nene01

[Background Change] bg_a005401
[Sound] se00034_b
[Caption] Rental Room in Tokyo
【Ohara】Let's do an angle test in five. Sound good?
【Film Crew】Yes, once the lights are all set! Let's also have the cast take their places!
【Film Crew】Got it!
【Nene】(Everyone's hard at work like always...)
【Nene】(It's been about two weeks since they let us join the crew...)
【Nene】(It's obvious that they're all doing their best to make this film as good as possible.)
【Nene】(Which explains the tension in the air.)
【Nene】(All the while...)
【Nene】(Rui's been getting in some hands-on learning with them...)
【Emu】Hehe. Rui has such a serious look on his face!
【Nene】Yeah, I still can't believe he's working as the director's assistant now.
【Emu】Well, he is our director☆
【Nene】True.
【Nene】And he sounded really happy when he came over to tell us about how he was gonna get to learn firsthand about directing.
[Sound] se00053_b
【Rui】...and starting tomorrow, I'll be working alongside Mr. Ohara as his assistant.
【Rui】Chances to learn about directing a film like this don't come around often...
【Rui】Which is why I plan on absorbing as much as I can from him.
【Nene】(He did say he's been wanting to learn more about directing films, so I'm glad for him. But...)
【Nene】(I can't let him leave me behind. This really is an amazing opportunity, so I should also learn as much as I can about being a crew member.)
【Crew Member】Kusanagi, Otori, do you both have a minute? I need you two to help lay the lunches out on that table over there.
【Nene】Oh, okay! Be right there!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Nene】There we go...
[Sound] bgm00180
【Nene】I think that's all the lunches.
【Emu】Yup! But that was a lot of boxes.
【Nene】I'm still blown away every time by how many lunches we need to feed all the people working on this crew.
【Nene】With these and all the drinks we have to carry around... I'm starting to feel a lot stronger.
【Emu】Whoa! Nene, you're so buff now☆
【Nene】Buff...? I'm not sure how to feel about that...
【Nene】Still, getting to work behind the scenes like this...
【Nene】It's giving us a chance to see just how much work there is to go around even for just one film.
【Emu】Yeah! That includes the lunches. I didn't realize they do their best to not serve the same thing every day!
【Emu】And how there's a trick to stacking up the lunches so it's easy for everyone to take what they want!
【Nene】Yeah. They seem like really minor things, but each one helps in a small way to make the film better.
【Emu】Helps in a small way...
【Emu】I guess that also applies to shows.
【Nene】Huh?
【Emu】I remember my brothers saying, “It's our job to facilitate an environment that allows the cast to focus on their shows.”
【Emu】And I feel like they must have been working really hard to support us, just like the crew of this film!
【Nene】Yeah, I see your point...
【Nene】I was so caught up in my own problems until now that I never really had a chance to think about everyone who helps us behind the scenes.
【Nene】But...
【Nene】Getting to work as part of this crew has started to give me a greater appreciation for just how much help we've received.
【Emu】Me too! I'm gonna thank my brothers the next chance I get!
【Nene】Yeah, let's try not to forget what they've done for us.
【Nene】(I'll probably meet a lot more people moving forward as I do more shows.)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Nene】(So...)
【Nene】(In order to make the most of their support...)
【Nene】(I need to keep growing as an actress.)
