【Tenma Saki — Sports Festival Committee!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: Sports Festival Committee!（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Run! Sports Festival! Committee Rush
scenarioId: 002006_saki01

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] A few days after the Sports Festival
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C
【Saki】Hehe... Teehee...
【Ichika】Oh, Saki... Are you still looking at Sports Festival pictures?
【Saki】Yeah! I took heaps and slowly sorting them into albums on my phone...
【Saki】I can't bring myself to deleting any of them, so I'm still stuck with this mountain of photos.
【Ichika】Hehe. You might be at it for some time then. It goes to show you really enjoyed that day.
【Saki】Sigh... And it's hard to believe that it's already been a week since then...
【Ichika】You were so busy with the committee too. I'm glad everything went well.
【Saki】And you were super worried about my health during the lead-up to sports day too.
【Ichika】Huh? Wait, how...?
【Saki】It was all over your face!
【Saki】But I'm way stronger now compared to when I caught that cold last time.
【Ichika】Yeah. You helped organize the whole event and even took part in it yourself.
【Saki】Right? I had to make sure it was gonna be the best sports day ever!
【Saki】But I couldn't have done it without Haruka and Emu!
【Ichika】Yeah, they put in a lot of effort into it too.
【Saki】Yup. But that wasn't all they just did!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a000602
[Caption] Sometime before the Sports Festival
【Emu】Heeey! Haruka!
[Sound] bgm00024
【Haruka】Oh, Otori. How did practice go for the three-legged race?
【Emu】Oh, um... Yeah, it was good!
【Saki】Oh... Haruka. Emu. Are you staying back today too?
【Haruka】Yes. There's something I should get done before I leave.
【Saki】But you stayed so late yesterday too. I feel bad for not realizing it'd end up being so much work.
【Haruka】No, you don't need to apologize.
【Saki】But... I invited you to join the committee after saying it wouldn't take up that much time, and it turns out I couldn't have been more wrong.
【Haruka】You invited me, but it was my own decision to help Emu put her grand ideas into practice.
【Haruka】Besides, if I hadn't joined the committee, I'd never have found out how satisfying it can be to organize the event instead of only participating in it.
【Saki】(She really seems to be enjoying this work.)
【Saki】(I really should do more too... But...)
【Haruka】Hm? Is something wrong?
【Saki】Uh, no... Well, I'd like your opinion on something...
【Emu】Our opinion?
【Saki】You see... A while ago, I tried to organize an event for Ichi and my old friends. It was supposed to be a trip to the observatory...
【Saki】But between school, band practice and my part-time job, I ended up overdoing it and got caught a cold...
【Saki】I didn't understand my own limits very well back then. I could do it all in my mind, but not physically.
【Saki】This may sound crazy coming from me but...
【Saki】Along with organizing it, I want to compete in some Sports Festival events too.
【Saki】But that might make things harder for you two, and you might have to pick up my slack...
【Saki】So... I really need your help with this!
【Emu】You... Need my help? Haruka! We're helping someone!!
【Haruka】Haha, yeah.
【Haruka】Don't worry about it, Tenma.
【Haruka】You don't have to take on more work than what you're comfortable with, and you can count on us for the rest.
【Emu】Yeah♪ It'd be a shame if you didn't get to be in any events after working so hard to make it all happen!
【Emu】I want everyone to have fun! Including you, Saki!
【Saki】Emu...
【Saki】Okay... Thanks!
【Saki】Oh, but feel free to ask me for help too!
【Saki】I'll do everything that I can!
【Haruka】I know first-hand how easy it is to push yourself too hard too, so go at your own pace and remember that we're all in this together!
【Saki】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000401
【Ichika】Ah, that was very nice of them.
[Sound] bgm00020
【Classmate】Huh. You really like penguins that much, Haruka?
【Haruka】Yeah. I just love how adorably round they are.
【Ichika】Have you noticed that more people have been going up to Haruka to talk with her?
【Saki】Yeah. They used to treat her a bit like a guest or something before, but I guess that's changed.
【Ichika】I have to think the Sports Festival has a lot to do with that.
【Saki】Really...?
【Ichika】You inviting her to join the committee and having to engage with a lot of students helped break the ice.
【Saki】Hehehe. So does that mean I was able to help her out too?
【Ichika】Yes. I certainly think so.
[Sound] bgm00000
