【Azusawa Kohane — Lasting Heat〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: Lasting Heat（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Aim Higher and Higher!
scenarioId: 009045_kohane01

[Background Change] bg_c002901
[Caption] Flea Market
【Kohane】That last shop we visited was really fun! They had so many old paintings and dolls.
【An】To be honest, a couple were a little creepy...
【An】But I liked that nutcracker, since you don't really see those back home. Making its mouth clatter was fun!
【Kohane】You couldn't get enough of it.
【Kohane】Oh, look at this shop. They have all kinds of handicrafts.
【An】Wow, they're selling handmade accessories and handbags!
【An】I guess this is the accessories section of the market. Wanna check it out?
【Kohane】Yeah!
【Kohane】These bead bracelets are so cute and colorful.
【An】Look at that. And they're reasonably priced. These might make for some great souvenirs!
【Kohane】Souvenirs... I know who'll really like these.
【Kohane】They come in a lot of different colors, so I think I'll get Ichika and her bandmates a set of matching ones.
【An】You mean everyone from Leo/need?
【Kohane】Yeah, I thought they'd like a gift that they can all wear together.
【Kohane】Also, it should be fun to try and pick out the best colors for them.
【An】That's a great idea! Alright, let's start with Hinomori... How about this one? I feel like cool colors suit her well.
【Kohane】I agree. Oh, but... This one looks good, too. It's made with animal-shaped beads, see?
【An】Animal beads? Where'd they even find those?
【An】Wait a second. Maybe they also have beads shaped like musical instruments...?
【Kohane】Good question...! Let's see if they do.
[Sound] bgm00000
【An】As for gifts for the others... How about these scented candles? Wouldn't they make for some good souvenirs?!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Kohane】Wow, these smell so nice. Let's see... This label says “Sweet Pea.”
【An】How about this one...? Lemme see... “Ja-su-mi-ne”... Oh, jasmine! That's what this smell is!
【Kohane】Jasmine? That's supposed to have relaxing effects. Minori and the others might like these a lot.
【An】They've been super busy with their idol work, so I'm sure they'd appreciate some relaxation goods!
【An】Hmm... Maybe I should also get Haruka something...
【Kohane】I don't see why not. This shop has a really big selection.
【Kohane】I'm sure you'll find the perfect gift for her!
【An】If you say so, then I think I will take a look. Let's see...
【An】Oh, these tote bags are a nice option, don't you think?
【Kohane】They're adorable...! And each one has a different design printed on.
【An】Exactly! They've got cute ones, cool ones and everything in between.
【An】Oh, this one has a basketball printed on it. Wouldn't this be the perfect choice for Haruka?
【Kohane】Hehe. Yes, it would.
【Kohane】Oh, is this an illustration of an amusement park?
【An】It's so cute and colorful. And the artstyle is so gentle too.
【Kohane】Yeah. I think Emu would like this a lot...
【An】Is something wrong, Kohane?
【Kohane】No, it's just... Their faces keep popping into my head as we browse around like this.
【An】Hehe. Same!
【An】What do you think they're all up to right now? We text pretty often and they all sound pretty good, but...
【Kohane】I really want to see them now.
【An】Me too. I can't wait to hear about everything that happened back home while we were over here.
【Kohane】Yeah, and I can't wait to tell them about everything that happened over here too.
【Kohane】I need to make sure I can properly talk about all the fun things we did and all the stuff we learned while we were over here...
【Kohane】Including SONIC NOTES. I need to see, hear and enjoy as much of it as I can today!
【An】Yeah, I agree!
[Sound] bgm00000
