【Hatsune Miku — Powerful Smile〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: Powerful Smile（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: SEKAI Happy New Year!
scenarioId: 021012_miku02

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【Miku】I'll carry the dishes...
【MEIKO】Thanks for the help, Miku. But you know...
【MEIKO】...
【MEIKO】It's so quiet without everyone here.
【Miku】Yeah. Are you feeling lonely...?
【MEIKO】Maybe.
【MEIKO】You've had that look on your face since they left too.
【Miku】Hehe. You noticed?
【Miku】Seeing them talk about their New Year's resolutions made me think back to how they were when we all first met.
【MEIKO】Oh, I know what you mean. They've come a long way, haven't they?
[Sound] se00053
【Kohane】Is this place really the result of both our feelings?
【Miku】Kohane's really changed her look since then. She used to have long hair and wore glasses...
【MEIKO】She'd only just met An and didn't understand her own feelings yet.
【Miku】But then...
【Kohane】After An shared her dream with me, I decided to sing as best I could...
【Kohane】My... My true feelings...
【Kohane】I want to put on an event that will surpass RAD WEEKEND!
【Miku】She acknowledged her lack of resolve, as well as her shortcomings, and found the determination to tackle them.
【Miku】Thanks to that resolve, Kohane managed to discover what it was that she really wanted.
【Miku】I was so happy to see that moment of realization too.
【MEIKO】Meanwhile, Len was sulking because he was looking forward to hanging out with Toya and Akito, but they didn't want to come to SEKAI.
【Miku】Yeah. I remember that. But you sorted that out...
【MEIKO】Oh, it wasn't all me. Len played his part too.
[Sound] se00053
【Len】I have a friend who's really important to me, too. We're always together, and it's so much fun when we sing, but...
【Len】We still fight sometimes, so I kind of understand.
【Len】It always feels really lonely after you fight with someone close to you.
【Miku】Oh, so that's how it went.
【Miku】Maybe it struck a chord with them because it was Len who said that.
【Miku】It'll be interesting to see how their group evolves from here on out.
【MEIKO】Yeah...
【MEIKO】Hmm... But something tells me you already have an idea, no?
【Miku】I'm not a fortune teller...
【Miku】But that's not to say I haven't been thinking about some possible outcomes.
【MEIKO】Oh? Won't you share them with me?
【Miku】Well, for example... Right now Kohane is focusing on improving her skills to match her friends.
【Miku】But one day, she could end up being the strongest member of their group. Things like that.
【MEIKO】I could see that happening. Once she sets her mind to something, she really commits and never wavers.
【Miku】Exactly. But the rest of the group won't be content with how things are now either.
【Miku】They may be friends, but they're also all very competitive.
【Miku】Well, it's just one interesting possibility. It'd be great if I turned out to be right.
【MEIKO】You're really hoping for it, aren't you...?
【MEIKO】Is it because you want them to reach a level where they become your rivals?
【Miku】Oh, was it too obvious?
【MEIKO】Yes. I saw right through you.
【MEIKO】I mean, you're all so competitive.
【Miku】True.
【Miku】In fact, I'd like nothing more than for them to exceed my expectations.
【Miku】That would make me the happiest.
[Sound] bgm00000
