【Otori Emu — Let's Do Some Improv♪〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: Let's Do Some Improv♪（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: A Sad Farewell at the Curtain Call
scenarioId: 014021_emu02

[Background Change] bg_d000202
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Emu】We're back♪
【Tsukasa】*Sigh* We're finally back...
【Nene】Yeah... But I guess that's really it for our ambassadorial performances.
【Tsukasa】After performing at so many different venues too. The beach, a historical building...
【Emu】And we got to go to the U.S. to learn more about doing shows♪
【Nene】Don't forget about how we got stranded on a desert island. But I guess even that ended up being fun.
【Rui】Hehe. Yes, I agree. Despite everything that happened, I'm glad we made it through just fine.
【Emu】Hehe. Yeah, a lot really did happen☆
【Emu】(We probably wouldn't have had a chance to do these ambassadorial performances if it weren't for them...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d001301
【Emu】Huh? Negotiations? What are you talking about?!
[Background Change] bg_d000303
【Emu】Dad, Keisuke, Shosuke... I... Um...
【Emu】I'm sorry!
【Emu】But I just couldn't give up!
【Emu】I want Phoenix Wonderland to be “a place that makes everyone smile” forever and ever!
【Emu】I don't care if you replace all the rides and get rid of the stages...
【Emu】I just don't want it to stop being a place where everyone can smile, laugh and be happy!
[Background Change] bg_d000201
【Keisuke】Somewhere along the way, I'd convinced myself that dreams and ideals were too frivolous to be bothered with...
【Keisuke】But you proved me wrong. I realize how great it is to be able to believe in something now.
[Background Change] bg_d000202
【Emu】(We were able to keep Phoenix Wonderland the way Grandpa wanted it because they were all there to help...)
【Emu】(And we were able to put on so many fun ambassadorial shows for the same reason.)
【Tsukasa】Emu? Why are you staring at the Wonder Stage? Is something the matter?
【Emu】Hehe. Because it looks more sparkly than usual♪
【Emu】Not just the Wonder Stage! Everywhere we went!
【Emu】All the guests look so shiny and sparkly because they're smiling so much!
【Tsukasa】I agree. Your brothers did mention how we've been getting more guests as a result of our ambassadorial performances.
【Emu】Yeah!
【Emu】I felt really sad when we heard that we'd stop doing ambassadorial performances...
【Emu】But it also made sense since it was a sign that everyone's smiles had made Phoenix Wonderland all better!
【Tsukasa】Yes, you're right!
【Emu】Hehe. I wanna tell Miku and others later since they were there for us the whole way.
【Rui】Then, why don't we tell them when we go discuss our next show?
【Emu】Yeah!
【Emu】Oh, speaking of which! What do you guys wanna do for our next show?
【Nene】Wait, didn't we just agree to discuss that when we visited SEKAI next?
【Tsukasa】I was under the same impression... I suppose that's just Emu for you...
【Rui】Hehe. It's just who she is.
【Nene】Alright... Anyway, Rui, I take it you have some ideas already? You even said that you wanted to discuss something with us while on our way over here.
【Emu】Is that true, Rui?!
【Rui】Yes, I was wondering if we could do a show about an orchestra run by little elves.
【Rui】I was thinking about having the stage look like a piano or trumpet with keys or valves. Depending on where you walk, you'd be able to produce different sounds.
【Tsukasa】Hey, that sounds pretty fun!
【Tsukasa】Hm? But you need to do more than just push down on the valves to play the trumpet...
【Rui】True. That's why I'm also thinking about including a scene where the elves work together to make it produce sound...
【Nene】Yeah, it might be fun to make it look like we're frantically scrambling around.
【Emu】Rui! Rui! I wanna try doing that show!
【Rui】Alright, we can discuss it with Miku and the others once it's a little more complete.
【Tsukasa】Sounds good. But for now, let's call it a day. I'm sure we're all exhausted since we just finished doing our last ambassadorial performance.
【Nene】Okay, see you all tomorrow.
【Emu】See you!
[Sound] bgm00000
