【Aoyagi Toya — Brand New Style〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: Brand New Style（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 012027_touya01

[Background Change] bg_a000501
[Caption] The day of the opening ceremony
[Caption] Kamiyama High School
[Sound] se00034_b
【Male Student A】Which class are you in? I'm in Class C!
【Male Student B】I'm in A. Do you know anyone in your new class? I don't know anyone at all.
【Female Student A】Hey, we're in the same class! We'll get to talk so much!
【Female Student B】Haha! Even when we were in different classes, we still ended up talking a ton.
[Sound] se00097_b
【Toya】(Everyone seems very excited about their new classes.)
【Toya】(As for me...)
【???】Toya!
【Toya】Hm?
[Sound] se00531
[Sound] se00531
【Mizuki】Morning! Starting today, we're second-years.
【Toya】Good morning, Akiyama. I'm looking forward to being in Class B with you.
【Mizuki】Oh, you already know that we're in the same class?
【Mizuki】Though, I guess that makes sense since our names are pretty close alphabetically...
【Toya】The corridor's getting very crowded, so why don't we move into the classroom and keep talking there?
【Mizuki】Yeah, good point. Let's go♪
[Sound] se00046_b
[Background Change] bg_a000301
【Mizuki】Oh, cool! It makes sense when I think about it, but our seats are super close!
【Toya】I hope I don't end up blocking your view of the blackboard.
【Mizuki】Nah, I should be fine. Also, I won't have to look at the blackboard much as long as I've got my textbooks handy♪
【Toya】Okay, but I don't recommend telling any of the teachers that...
【Mizuki】Haha. Unfortunately for them, that's just the way I am.
【Mizuki】But they should be proud of the fact that I'm here for the opening ceremony.
【Toya】True. I'm certainly glad you're here.
【Toya】Shiraishi seemed particularly excited about you and her becoming second-years. I'm sure she'll be by to see you soon.
【Mizuki】Oh...
【Mizuki】Yeah, I wanna see An too. And Li'l Bro♪
【Toya】Still, there are so many people out in the corridor. Why don't they go to their respective classrooms...?
【Mizuki】Because finding out which class you're in is a huge event for everyone. It's always fun to talk with others about who's in which one.
【Mizuki】Also... A few people might not want to go immediately because no one they know is in their new class...
【Mizuki】I feel it's pretty common for them to look for classmates that are in the same situation as them and go in after they've had a chance to break the ice.
【Toya】I see...
【Mizuki】Do you not pay much attention to who's been placed in which class or who your new classmates are, Toya?
【Mizuki】I usually don't myself. My name's pretty easy to find since it's usually towards the top. After that, I'll head off.
【Toya】I was the same until just recently...
【Toya】(Looking always seemed like a waste of time since I never had any time to make new friends.)
【Toya】But now, I try to look for the names of people I know before heading over to my own classroom.
【Toya】Speaking of which, I believe Akito and Shiraishi are both in Class A...
【Mizuki】Wait, really?!
【Toya】Yes. Kusanagi was as well.
【Mizuki】Whoa...! Just based on their personalities, that's a really interesting combination!
【Mizuki】Oh, but that's too bad... You and Li'l Bro are in different classes again.
【Toya】That's not really a problem.
【Toya】We were attending different junior high schools when we first met, so being in different classes isn't really an issue at this point.
【Mizuki】Interesting.
【Mizuki】That's kinda nice. I guess that's what a bond between partners is?
【Toya】I suppose so.
【Toya】Still, regardless of whether or not we're placed in the same class, nothing's going to change between us. That I know for certain.
【Mizuki】Yeah. That's pretty cool.
【Toya】It's important to me that certain relationships remain constant, but I'm also looking forward to new ones.
【Mizuki】New ones?
【Toya】Like making new friends.
【Toya】We're all classmates now, so I'd like to start talking to people I haven't really interacted with before.
【Toya】I'd also like to talk to you more, Akiyama, if you don't mind.
【Mizuki】Haha! That's fine by me, but don't expect me to always be at school♪
【Toya】I know. But I'm looking forward to getting to know you better.
[Sound] bgm00000
