【Mochizuki Honami — Daydreams For The Future〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Mochizuki Honami
Card: Daydreams For The Future（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Ordinary, Yet Special Us
scenarioId: 003045_honami01

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Study Room
【Honami】I'll leave the guides regarding what's going to be covered on each test right here just in case.
【Ichika】Thanks. Oh... All the important parts are highlighted. This makes things so easy to see.
【Shiho】Speaking of which, these tests are gonna cover more stuff than normal, right?
【Honami】But it also sounds like the problems will be more basic. That may make things easier than we're used to.
【Shiho】That'd be nice, but we can't let our guard down.
【Saki】If we want a chance at perfect scores, then we gotta be able to nail all of the applied-knowledge problems!
【Honami】I'm also still struggling with those... I'll need to get better at them in time for the test.
【Honami】Anyway, we've probably talked enough. Let's start studying, shall we?
【Ichika】Okay.
【Honami】Let's see... We have to head over to the studio later today, so... I'll be sure to remind you all again in two hours.
【Saki】Thanks, Hona! Alright, let's do this!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【Honami】*Sigh* (I'm starting to feel a little tired...)
[Sound] se00590
【Honami】(But the others are maintaining their focus, so I need to keep doing my best.)
【Honami】(Huh...?)
【Shiho】Hmmm...
【Honami】Is something wrong, Shiho?
【Shiho】Oh, I was working on this graph problem... But my calculation seems off for some reason.
【Honami】Are you talking about this function graph? That's a difficult one, but the real root portion seems right...
【Honami】If I recall, the next step involves finding the solution using the discriminant of this function. Why don't we try that together...?
【Shiho】Does my math look right to you?
【Honami】Yes, everything looks correct... Including the intermediate steps.
【Shiho】Finally. Thanks for showing me what to do. Your explanation was so easy to understand.
【Honami】You're welcome.
【Ichika】Oh, Honami, sorry... Would you mind helping me with this problem for Classical Japanese?
【Ichika】I'm working on this honorific language part, but I'm not sure about my answers.
【Honami】Let's see... Oh, you're so close here.
【Honami】“To receive” here doesn't count as being honorific. Rather, it's a sign of modesty. That distinction lies in...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Ichika】I see... I had trouble wrapping my head around this one during class, but everything makes sense now.
[Sound] bgm00180
【Honami】Yes, that's the thing about these problems. The key is to know to whom the speaker is referring.
【Ichika】Thanks. I'll try applying what you just said to these other problems.
【Saki】You're like a private tutor, Hona!
【Honami】Hehe. Didn't you say the same thing last time?
【Ichika】She did.
【Ichika】But you really are an amazing teacher, Honami. You'd make studying for tests so easy if you were a private tutor.
【Shiho】I always end up reaching for my bass whenever I try to study at home. You'd probably do a good job getting me to stay focused.
【Saki】Yeah, Ms. Hona! I want you to help me with these really hard problems!
【Honami】Oh, you three...
【Honami】I can't really be your private tutor, but I'll be more than happy to teach you what I can.
【Honami】After all, I do love helping all of you.
【Saki】Woohoo! Now we've got Ms. Hona on speed dial!
【Ichika】It'd be great to have you come by every week. But...
【Ichika】She also needs time to study, so I'll try to solve as many of these problems as I can on my own.
【Saki】*Gasp* You're right!
【Shiho】Honami also has to do other stuff, like corresponding with Mr. Shindo and managing Leo/need's schedule.
【Saki】Yeah. That means we should only call her when we really need her!
【Honami】All of you...
【Honami】You don't have to mind me...
【Honami】(Still, it is like them to want to do what they can on their own...)
【Honami】(I'll need to stay prepared for when they do require my help.)
【Honami】(Which means I need to keep on studying...!)
[Sound] bgm00000
