【Hinomori Shizuku — Profile Story】

Character: Hinomori Shizuku
scenarioId: self_shizuku_2nd

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Shizuku】And I'll be capping things off for us.
【Shizuku】Now, for my self-intro...
【Shizuku】Umm... What should I talk about?
【Shizuku】Oh, I was thinking about it while the others were doing theirs, but I haven't been able to get my thoughts together...
【Shizuku】Still, I suppose... I should tell that story.
【Shizuku】I used to be in a group called Cheerful * Days before I joined MORE MORE JUMP!
【Shizuku】There, I convinced myself that I had to be the “perfect idol”, and act like the person everyone wanted me to be.
【Shizuku】But I could only keep doing that for so long, and I eventually ended up leaving Cheerful * Days...
【Shizuku】After that, I became an idol for MORE MORE JUMP! However, I had trouble expressing who I really was...
【Shizuku】I was worried that my fans from when I was with Cheerful * Days would feel betrayed if they ever saw my true self...
【Shizuku】But everyone in MORE MORE JUMP! encouraged me to just be myself.
【Shizuku】And now, people watching our streams are commenting how they like seeing the real me.
【Shizuku】That's why I'm no longer afraid, and why I'm able to have fun as an idol alongside the others.
【Shizuku】So, thank you all very much...
【Shizuku】Oh, I apologize for getting sidetracked. I was supposed to be introducing myself, wasn't I?
【Shizuku】So, um... For my self-intro...
【Shizuku】Huh? That works just fine...?
【Shizuku】O-Okay... Are you sure...?
【Shizuku】What about the comments...? Let's see... “I have a better understanding of you now, Shizuku!”...
【Shizuku】“I love how you cherish both your past experiences and the fans of the old you”...
【Shizuku】Hehe. Thank you. I love how thoughtful you all are.
【Shizuku】So, that'll be...
【Shizuku】Oh, right. Thank you, Haruka! I was forgetting something very important!
【Shizuku】So, everyone, please listen.
【Shizuku】Here to bring you a burst of happiness. I'm Shizuku Hinomori from MORE MORE JUMP!
[Sound] se00089_b
【Shizuku】I'm still just getting on my feet as an idol, and I may stumble along the way...
【Shizuku】But we're going to keep spreading as much hope as we can. So, we'll be looking forward to your continued support.
[Sound] bgm00000
