【Kusanagi Nene — A Dream On A Melody〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kusanagi Nene
Card: A Dream On A Melody（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Here on Our Dream Stage
scenarioId: 015038_nene02

[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] Rehearsal Room
【Ichika】Would you mind telling me how I sound for the part where we're supposed to sing together, Kusanagi?
【An】Hey, Kusanagi! Can you tell me how I sound while delivering this line?
【Nene】Oh, umm...
【Ichika & An】Oh...
【Cast Member】Kusanagi, I wanted to make sure we're coming on stage at the right time. Oh, I guess you have your hands full right now...
【Nene】J-Just a second... Uhh...!
【Nene】(I'll be forcing them to wait, but I should help them in order here...)
【???】We'll take care of things, Nene♪
【Tsukasa】You help Ichika and the others. We just so happen to be free right now, so I can assist with delivering lines and such.
【Rui】I can help you with your cue to take the stage, since that's my department.
【Nene】Thanks, you guys! Would you all be okay with them helping instead, Shiraishi?
【An】Yeah! Thank you for doing this, Tenma!
【Cast Member】I also really appreciate it. Thanks for offering to help, Kamishiro!
【Tsukasa & Rui】Anytime! Of course.
【Nene】(Thank goodness everyone ended up joining the musical...)
【Nene】(They can keep practices and stuff going while I'm dealing with planning committee business, or checking up on the other teams.)
【Nene】(I can delegate to them whenever I'm suddenly swamped.)
【Nene】(Emu's even helping the set designers...)
【Nene】(But I shouldn't lean on them too much. As the leader, I need to keep doing my best.)
[Sound] se_walk_women_005_1
【Nene】Thank you for waiting. I'm ready to hear you sing now!
【Airi】Great, thanks!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00170
[Caption] A few hours later
【Nene】Alright, let's take a break here! Please make sure to stay hydrated, everyone.
[Sound] se_walk_women_005_2
【Nene】Thanks again for helping me with the others earlier. So, was everything okay after that?
【Emu】Yup♪ Everyone's thinking really hard about what their characters are supposed to be feeling☆
【Tsukasa】Yes! Everything from their emotions to their personalities and all the other little things they do!
【Rui】As for the cue to take the stage, I told them to do so when the music starts playing. That seemed like the simplest way for them to understand.
【Nene】I see...
[Sound] se00170_b
[Sound] se_walk_women_005_3
【An】It's like everybody wants your help, Kusanagi!
【Ichika】Even while we were practicing, people kept coming over to ask you for help. A part of me feels that they need to be more independent, but...
【Nene】No, that's okay. I'm the one who agreed to lead everyone.
【Nene】I mean, I've been so busy that I've been delegating to Tsukasa and the others...
【Airi】Yeah, but being the leader doesn't mean you have to do everything yourself. Honestly, that sounds downright impossible.
【Rui】Yes, it's a good leader's job to delegate when you feel it's necessary.
【Tsukasa】Precisely! So, ask us for help whenever you need it!
【Emu】Yeah! Ask us lots and lots☆
【Nene】*Nod* Again, you guys, I really appreciate it.
【Nene】Then, this might sound funny now... But can I ask you all about the next scene we're about to do?
【Nene】I feel like we can get the musicians to leave a bigger impression on everyone when they initially appear.
【Rui】Ah, perfect. I was going to ask about that very scene too. It's when Lulu meets them for the very first time, after all.
【Tsukasa】However, I think their acting is already impactful enough as it is now. We may not want to make any drastic changes, considering how we only have a few days left until the show.
【Nene】I know. That's why I wanna ask you guys about how much I should push.
【Airi】Hehe. Sounds like our leader isn't satisfied with our current performance.
【An】Yeah! But we've gotten pretty used to acting now, so feel free to ask us whatever!
【Ichika】Yeah, we're willing to do anything if it'll make our musical better.
【Rui】This is quite the conundrum. If you were Tsukasa, then I'd gladly throw in some lightning and explosions...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Emu】Explosion?!
【Ichika】Huh? D-Did he just say explosions...?
【Airi】And lightning...?
【Tsukasa】Hmm... But this is the musicians' first appearance. Wouldn't it be fine to have explosions and lightning appear in the background?
[Sound] bgm00200
【Nene】Explosions in the background? They're not superheroes...
【Nene】But this scene does have a big impact on Lulu, so maybe it would be good to have a visual representation of...
【Nene】Oh...
【Nene】N-No, wait! No explosions or lightning!
【Emu & Rui】Aww...
【Nene】Don't give me that look...!
【Nene】This isn't a Wonderlands×Showtime show. It's an official event, so we can't just do what we normally do for these kinds of things!
【Tsukasa】Hmm... Yes, fair point.
【Rui】Also, the stage isn't exactly equipped to handle those kinds of effects anyway.
【Nene】R-Right...!
【Nene】Umm... Sorry, I know I asked for your input, but let's leave the big effects for when it's just us.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】Of course. Then, I'll try to think of something that you'd normally see at a school festival.
【Nene】Okay, thanks...!
【Nene】Sorry, I didn't mean to scare any of you. We won't be doing any of those things, so don't worry!
[Sound] bgm00018
【Ichika】O-Okay, thanks.
【Airi】Still, Kusanagi, you and your troupe do know how to put on amazing shows.
【Airi】I mean, based on what you were saying, it sounds pretty normal for there to be explosions and lightning?
【Airi】And I've seen a few of your guys' shows... Did I just happen to see the ones without any extravagant effects?
【Emu】The ones Rui directs are chock full of them♪ For example... Mguh?!
[Sound] se00121_b
【Nene】I-If the story calls for it, then we'll throw in some effects. Not all our shows are like that.
【Ichika】Come to think of it, Shiraishi, you don't look all that surprised.
【An】Hm? I mean, I'm pretty used to hearing about Kamishiro making stuff explode at school, at this point.
【An】During the cheering competition for the sports festival, he had people jump out of some classroom windows.
【Nene】Haha...
【Nene】(Be it Rui or any of the others, their crazy ideas used to really startle me. But not anymore...)
【Nene】(Kind of amazing what you can get used to...)
[Sound] bgm00000
