【Aoyagi Toya — Featuring Pochacco〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: Featuring Pochacco（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 012030_touya01

[Background Change] bg_i000112
[Caption] Satellite Puroland
【Toya】So this is Puroland...!
【Akito】Well, it's actually just a satellite location where you can experience some of the attractions and shows, right?
【An】Satellite or not, people have been saying the vibe is practically the same as the actual Sanrio Puroland!
【An】Besides, Dad isn't able to watch our practice today and he did tell us to take a break once in a while. So let's enjoy ourselves!
【Akito】I get that, but coming here as second-years...
【Toya】Do you not like Hello Kitty or the other characters, Akito?
【Akito】Not exactly, but...
【An】Well, to each their own. Just think of it as us coming to see Haruka and the girls' event and Tenma and his troupe's show!
【Toya】Yes. I'm looking forward to watching both of them.
【Toya】That reminds me, we should double check their performance times...
【Kohane】I have them written down! One second... Here you go!
【Toya】Ah, thank you.
【Akito】There's a bunch of other notes here too... “Things to do first after entry”, “How to acquire numbered tickets”, “Shortest routes between attractions”...?
【An】Wow! You researched all of this?
【Toya】Amazing. Wouldn't have expected any less from the PXL Master.
【Kohane】Hehehe. I was really looking forward to going to Puroland, and it's also been a while since we all went out together...
【An】Oh, hey, Kohane. There's another event I'd like to check out besides Haruka and the girls'. You think we can fit that in?
【Kohane】Which one were you thinking of? I'll figure out a route for us.
[Sound] se00034_b
【Akito】What are you smiling about? We just got in, you know?
【Toya】I was just thinking that this is nice. Everywhere I look, I see people with smiles on their faces.
【Akito】Hmm...
【Akito】You don't need to say it like you're just an observer. You're going to be one of those people very soon.
【Toya】I suppose you're right about that.
【Kohane】Sorry for the wait, Aoyagi, Shinonome! I've come up with a route, so could you take a look?
【Toya】Of course.
[Sound] bgm00000
【An】Hm? Who are those characters doing that show over there?
[Sound] bgm00190
【Kohane】Oh, they're pair of demons called Lloromannic.
【An】Demons?! Still, they're so cute! Hey, can we have a quick peek at their show?
【Toya】That black one with the spiky head... Are they supposed to be a bird?
【Akito】You mean Badtz-Maru? Yeah, he's a penguin.
【An】Oh, I'm kinda surprised you know that one.
【Akito】We had Badtz-Maru bandaids at home when I was a kid. I remember using them a lot.
【An】Kohane, look! This Corocorokuririn character looks exactly like you!
【Toya & Akito】(Must be because he's a hamster.)
[Sound] bgm00000
【An】We got through most of the venue, didn't we?
[Sound] bgm00006
【Toya】Yes. Now we have Tsukasa and the others' show to look forward—
【Toya】Are those...?
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_1
【Kohane】Aoyagi?
【Toya】Claw machines... I didn't realize they had these here.
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_1
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【Akito】I was wondering where you were going all of a sudden, but of course you'd be in the arcade corner.
【An】Wow! All of the prizes are so cute! Look at this massive plushie!
【Kohane】That's a Pochacco plushie! But it's lying face down...
【Toya】(Someone either gave up after trying or it was actually positioned like this from the beginning...)
【Toya】(Its design is quite stylized with his head being a little larger than his body. But the other Pochacco plushies placed at the back are properly sitting down, so the center of gravity may actually be in his backside.)
【Toya】(In that case, first I'll try pulling the feet up and using its head as a fulcrum—)
【An】Huh? Hellooo? Toya, you in there?
【Akito】There he goes. He's gonna try to get it.
【An & Kohane】What?
【Toya】Everyone, look! I got it!
【Kohane】That's amazing! You made it look so easy by making it roll over!
【An】You really are good at claw machines, aren't you, Toya?
【Akito】Yeah, that's great and all, but is it okay for you to bring that home? Isn't your dad gonna say something about it?
【Toya】Oh, right... If I could, I would like to bring it home...
[Sound] se00666
【Kohane】Um... Pochacco is really cute though! I think he's a dog since he has floppy ears.
【Toya】I think you're right. Oh, his profile is written on the tag.
【Toya】“Pochacco is a curious and clumsy little guy who sometimes sticks his nose where it isn't wanted. He loves going for walks and taking the long way.”
【Akito】What?
【Toya】Oh, nothing.
【Toya】“He is as tall as four cups of his favorite banana ice cream, and weighs as much as three giant carrots from the Fuwafuwa Town carrot patch.”
【An】Huh? Carrots?
【Akito】What? Quit looking at me like that.
【Toya】Pochacco, huh...
【Toya】On second thought, I think I will take him home with me.
【Kohane】Sounds good! I think Pochacco would love that.
【An】Since he's a little bit clumsy and you're always calm, I think you two would balance each other out.
【Akito】No, this guy does some unexpected stuff when his curiosity strikes. I'd say the two of them are kinda similar.
【Toya】If so, then all the more reason I'd like to be the one to take him home.
【Toya】Would that be alright with you, Pochacco?
【An】“Of course!”
【Kohane】Oh... Hehe. Was that supposed to be Pochacco, An?
【Akito】Is that what he sounded like? At least be accurate.
【An】What? Was that not accurate? I was sure that was how he sounded in the show we saw just before.
【Kohane】Ah, that's right! We'd better head back to the stage area soon to grab a spot!
【An】Oh, yeah! Tenma and his troupe's show is starting soon!
【Akito】Let's go, Toya.
【Toya】Of course.
【Toya】Pochacco... Tsukasa and his troupe's shows are really great. I hope you enjoy this too.
[Sound] bgm00000
