【Kiritani Haruka — Summer! Training Camp! Swimsuit!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Summer! Training Camp! Swimsuit!（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Chasing The Sparkle Beyond the Blue Sky
scenarioId: 006018_haruka01

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Haruka】Great practice today, everyone!
【Minori & Rin】Great practice!
【MEIKO】I really appreciate you girls coming over here so often recently. It's been so fun to practice all these things that require an ensemble.
【Shizuku】Likewise. These practices have become a wonderful learning experience. We've been able to try so much.
【Airi】Yeah, since I'm also hammering out the details for what we'll be doing during our training camp. I'll have to make a note of everything we've done.
【Len】Oh, you mentioned that before. How's that coming along?
【Airi】I have a good idea of what kinds of activities and exercises we'll be doing for what purposes.
【Airi】Right now, I'm working out the details for those things.
【Haruka】I see. Does that mean you've picked out a location for us?
【Airi】Yeah, I've got a place picked out.
【Minori】You do?! Where?!
【Airi】Hehe... Since it's summer and we're doing a training camp...!
【Airi】There's only one choice! The beach!!
【Minori】Oh, the beach!!
【Rin】No fair. A training camp at the beach sounds really fun!
【MEIKO】Yes, and sprinting on the beach would be such a nice leg workout!
【Haruka】I agree. We could work on our stamina with some swimming and maybe even have a little triathlon event.
【Luka】Oh, I guess our definitions of “fun” all vary slightly.
【Len】Slightly? I'd say a lot...
【Airi】Oh, that reminds me. Haruka, there's something I've been meaning to ask you and everyone else.
【Haruka】Us?
【Minori】What do you wanna ask?
【Airi】I'm trying to keep these activities a secret and planning everything on my own, right?
【Haruka】Right. None of us know what we'll be doing and won't be rehearsing anything.
【Haruka】Being in the dark is also supposed to give Minori an opportunity to learn how to keep a watchful eye and think on her feet.
【Airi】Yeah, exactly!
【Airi】Our main objectives for this training camp will be to improve our teamwork and have Minori work on the things you just mentioned.
【Airi】However, we'll be streaming for nearly 24 hours, so we'll need to do activities that everyone's gonna want to watch.
【Shizuku】True. Simply doing 100 sit-ups and such probably won't be very interesting to our fans.
【Airi】That's why I'm asking MEIKO for some advice while trying to figure out how to spice things up...
【MEIKO】Hehe. I hope you're looking forward to an intense workout and feeling the pump♪
【Minori】Y-Yay...?
【Airi】Hehe. It is pretty intense, but there are some things that still concern me...
【Haruka】Which is where we come in...?
【Airi】Yeah, I went looking for someone to give me an objective opinion to see whether or not the activities I came up with are actually fun and entertaining.
【Airi】That was how I ended up contacting this scriptwriter who I met when I was still on the Wide World of Laughs.
【Rin】Oh, right. Because you still can't tell the others about what you'll be doing yet.
【Airi】Precisely!
【Airi】They gave me a quote for their consultation fee, and I think it's a reasonable amount... What do you all think?
【Haruka】Okay, that seems fine...
【Haruka】So, you decided that you need the help of this writer after coming up with a list of ideas?
【Airi】Yeah, since we're not on the rooftop this time. Since we'll be shooting on location, I knew that we'd have to get permission and have a bunch of other stuff ready. However, this is my first time doing any of that on my own.
【Shizuku】Right... For the Christmas event we did the other day, Namamin's agency took care of all of those things for us...
【Haruka】I think asking someone you trust about this was the correct decision.
【Airi】Thanks...!
【Airi】Then, I'll discuss things with them and do my best to make this a really incredible training camp!
【Haruka】Okay, sounds good.
【Haruka】However, you're always free to ask us for help if you think you ever need it.
【Minori】Yeah! I'm always willing to lend a hand!
【Airi】Thanks! In that case, I might just have you run an extra five kilometers as prep for our training camp, Minori.
【Minori】What?! How does that count as helping?!
【Airi】Hehe. I was joking.
【Len】I can't wait to see what your training camp's gonna be like.
【MEIKO】Me neither. It might be fun to also start thinking about what we'll be doing for the after party♪
【Airi】*Gasp* No, I completely forgot about that...!
【Airi】I got so caught up in planning for our training camp that...
【Haruka】Oh, Airi, hold on. We can't have you be the one planning everything from start to finish.
【Haruka】So, why don't you leave that to me?
【Minori】Oh, I wanna help with that too!
【Airi】Wait, but...
【Shizuku】It's okay, Airi. That way, you'll be able to focus on our training camp, yes?
【Airi】...
【Luka】Hehe. Isn't this what having teammates is all about, Airi?
【Airi】Yeah... Okay, I'll leave that to you guys!
【Airi】I'll be looking forward to a super fun after party!
【Haruka】*Nod* Of course, you can count on us!
[Sound] bgm00000
