【Momoi Airi — Profile Story】

Character: Momoi Airi
scenarioId: self_airi_2nd

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Airi】Okay, lemme get started!
【Airi】One special delivery of love coming right up! From MORE MORE JUMP!, it's the lovely fairy...!
【Airi】Airi! Airi Momoi at your service☆
[Sound] se00089_b
【Airi】Since you guys requested that we give our self-intros, I wanna take this opportunity to introduce myself to those who don't know about me!
【Airi】Hm...? This person said... “Not many people don't know who you are, Airi.”
【Airi】Thanks, I really appreciate it!
【Airi】What they're getting at is, the girl you see here was once a cornerstone of primetime variety shows!
【Airi】Huh? “You were funnier than a lot of those comedians”?
【Airi】Well, it's my personal policy to go all out no matter what!
【Airi】However, back then, I wasn't a part of MORE MORE JUMP! That was when I was a member of a group called QT.
【Airi】That group kept me so busy. They had me sing, dance and do all those variety shows!
【Airi】Of all the things I did, Happy Everyday, the Masked Variety Idol, was probably one of my biggest hits...
【Airi】Even now, people walking by will sometimes say, “Hey, it's Happy Everyday!” Hehe. That always puts a smile on my face...
【Airi】Yeah, I became modestly successful... But there came a time when I had to ask myself what kind of idol I wanted to be.
【Airi】One thing led to another... And now, I'm freelancing as a member of MORE MORE JUMP!
【Airi】Things were pretty rough at first. Especially since we didn't have an agency backing us...
【Airi】Which meant no manager. On top of having to put our own schedules together, we had to come up with ideas and scripts for our streams.
【Airi】We didn't know how to do any of those things initially, so we had to learn.
【Airi】Fortunately, we had some help along the way. With our songs for one...
【Airi】And our Christmas event. It wouldn't have been possible without the help of our fans.
【Airi】We ran into some trouble that time...
【Airi】But I had a lot of fun working with everyone! I mean, as an idol, you'd normally never get to put an event together from scratch like that!
【Airi】And I felt that getting to interact so closely with you guys is one of the best parts of MORE MORE JUMP!
【Airi】Hehe. That includes getting to see all of your guys' comments! I'm always happy I get to hear how you feel in real time!
【Airi】So, we're gonna stick to this style.
【Airi】Lately, some of you have said you're worried we won't be able to do all the things we have been because of our increased media exposure.
【Airi】But don't worry. What we do isn't gonna change moving forward.
【Airi】We're still right here. And we're gonna keep spreading as much hope as we can!
【Airi】So, we'll be looking forward to your continued support!
[Sound] bgm00000
