【Otori Emu — Smirk Of A Winner〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: Smirk Of A Winner（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Perspective for Smile
scenarioId: 014036_emu01

[Background Change] bg_d001303
[Caption] Otori Household - Living Room
【Emu】Phew, that was really good! Thanks for dinner!
【Hinata】Thank you for dinner.
【Hinata】Oh, one of my friends gave me some tea leaves today. I also bought a Swiss roll, so why don't we have them together?
【Emu】Oh, a Swiss roll?! I wanna have some!
【Shosuke】Is it from that famous shop you mentioned the other day? If so, I might also like a slice.
【Hinata】Hehe. Okay. Then, I'll go get everything ready now.
[Sound] se_walk_women_006_1
【Keisuke】That reminds me, Emu. I heard that your time with Shunmeiza ended the other day. I assume things went well?
【Emu】Yeah, we learned so much! Thank you for introducing us to them!
【Emu】Oh, this person named Bakuno's a member, and he was a super duper amazingly good actor!
【Shosuke】Yeah, he's their star. I've heard that he's an incredible actor.
【Emu】He is! We were all totally blown away! It's like he's a completely different person when he's on stage!
【Emu】Also, we got invited to help work on a film with him!
【Emu】We got to learn so much about how they're actually made and what people do behind the scenes♪
【Keisuke】We don't overlap all that much with the film industry, but it's good to hear that you were all able to experience something new...
【Shosuke】I agree. Now it feels like it was worth begging them to allow you to train with them. So, do your best again with your next troupe.
【Emu】I will! I'm gonna keep seeing and hearing about new things so I can keep growing and growing!
【Keisuke】Yes, we'll be looking forward to that.
[Sound] se_walk_women_006_2
【Hinata】Thank you all for waiting. I decided to turn it into milk tea since it's apparently supposed to be very good that way.
【Hinata】Here's your cup, Emu. With plenty of milk and sugar.
【Emu】Yay, thanks!
【Keisuke】This Swiss roll also looks very good.
【Hinata】Doesn't it? I bought it as a little reward for Emu, and I'm very glad that I did.
【Emu】Huh? A reward for me?
【Hinata】Yes.
【Hinata】You're learning as much as you can about acting and how to operate business, yes? So, I thought your hard work shouldn't go unrewarded.
【Emu】Really?! Thanks, Sis!
【Emu】Hmm... But...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Hinata】Is something wrong?
【Emu】Umm... I don't know how to put it into words...
【Emu】But I don't think I'm the only one working really, really hard! So are all of you!
【Hinata】What?
【Emu】What are you doing, Sis?! You're studying super hard because you want to help little kids for a living, right?!
【Emu】And you two think so, so hard every single day about what's best for Phoenix Wonderland as its operators, right, Keisuke, Shosuke...?!
【Emu】So, I think we should see this Swiss roll as a reward for all of us!
【Hinata】Yes, I see what you mean...
【Hinata】But I still like to think it's meant for you, Emu.
【Emu】Huh?
【Hinata】Because I didn't really know what I wanted to do with my life when I was your age. I honestly had no idea...
[Sound] bgm00039
【Hinata】That's why I admire you so much. You already know what you want to do.
【Hinata】Seeing you work so hard to make your dream come true makes me want to do the same.
【Emu】Sis...
【Emu】Hehe. Thanks.
【Emu】But I could say the same thing for you guys!
【Hinata】What?
【Emu】Again, Sis, you're studying really hard for the sake of little kids...
【Emu】And Keisuke and Shosuke are working really hard to make sure the park's guests go home smiling.
【Emu】That makes me want to work even harder. Seeing you guys gets me super fired up!
【Emu】That's why I'm gonna take the time you guys have given me to learn everything I can.
【Emu】And someday, I'm gonna fill Phoenix Wonderland and the whole world with lots and lots of smiles!
【Shosuke】I see. That's excellent to hear.
【Hinata】Hehe. It's okay for you to take your time and learn what you can at your own pace, Emu.
【Emu】Thanks! But I still promise to keep growing lots and lots with everybody!
【Keisuke】That's what we like to hear.
【Emu】Hehe. Anyway...! I'm gonna do my best to make today another wonderhoy... No, wait!
【Emu】This Swiss roll comes first♪ Let's eat, you guys!
[Sound] bgm00000
