【Hatsune Miku — The Big Debut〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: The Big Debut（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 021008_miku02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Miku】The show we did the other day with Minori went great, don't you think?!
【Miku】It looked like she was really enjoying herself, too! It was so much fun!
【Rin】Yeah, it sure was! The whole crowd loved it, too!
【Rin】I hope our next show will be just as good.
【Miku】Hehe, me too. What do you say we start thinking about what to do for next time?
【Rin】Sure!
【Miku】We already make sure to always go all out on our singing and dancing, though.
【Miku】I know! How about we try adding some kind of fun segment in the middle of the show?
【Rin】An interesting segment? But whoever's MCing already does that.
【Miku】What about doing a magic trick or something?
【Rin】Didn't we already do one of those while singing that one time?
【Miku】Oh, you're right!
【Miku】We've done so many shows that it's getting hard to come up with brand new ideas.
【Rin】Yeah, this is tough...
【Minori】Hello, Miku, Rin.
【Rin】Oh, Minori!
【Miku】Hello! What brings you here today?
【Minori】Actually, I wanted to stop by and say thanks again for asking me to perform with you the other day. It was really fun.
【Minori】I really appreciate it.
【Miku】Don't mention it. Having you up on stage with us was a lot of fun for us too.
【Miku】Right, Rin?
【Rin】Yeah! I hope you'll perform with us again some time!
【Minori】Hehehe, I'm happy to hear that! I'm looking forward to it.
【Minori】I'll make sure to practice extra hard so I'm ready whenever the time comes. More, more!
【Miku】Hehe. We'll have to work extra hard too, then!
【Miku】Rin, now we really need to come up with a new way to get the audience extra fired up!
【Rin】Yeah!
【Minori】A new performance? I guess you've always got to be thinking about what to do next, huh?
【Minori】Oh, but...
【Miku】Hm?
【Minori】I still really liked the performance you did for us the first time we all came to this SEKAI.
【Minori】I kind of wish I could see it again.
【Miku】Oh...
【Rin】You really want to see it even though you've already seen it before?
【Minori】Sure. You were so dazzling that night! It was wonderful!
【Minori】Oh, sorry! I really need to get going! I have to meet Haruka and the others for practice soon.
【Minori】See you later!
【Miku】Oh, right... Bye!
【Rin】See you soon, Minori!
【Miku】...
【Miku】Huh... Maybe we don't have to force ourselves to come up with new ideas all the time.
【Rin】Yeah. We've got plenty of new outfits. Maybe we've been overthinking this.
【Miku】Up until now, we've always tried our best to give the audience the best show that we can.
【Miku】Maybe instead of coming up with something new this time, we work on perfecting our previous performances?
【Rin】I like that idea! It might be fun to mix and match ideas from different shows we've done, too.
【Miku】Yeah! This is going to be great!
【Miku】I can't believe we've never thought about this before. I feel like Minori just helped us grow as idols again.
【Rin】Hehe. Me too.
【Miku】Alright, Rin! Let's get to planning!
【Rin】Right!
[Sound] bgm00000
