【Mochizuki Honami — Unchanging Flavor〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Mochizuki Honami
Card: Unchanging Flavor（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 003003_honami02

[Background Change] bg_a001901
[Caption] Rehearsal Studio
【Shiho】That went pretty well just now. Don't forget this feeling.
【Saki】Okay then, one more time while I still remember!
【Saki】Yes, that felt great! We've gotten better, haven't we?
【Shiho】Yes, a little.
【Saki】What? Only a little?
【Saki】We were at elementary school level the other day, but we've hit high school level today, right?
【Honami】Haha... After all, we were downright terrible the first time we played for Miku.
【Ichika】Yes. We've definitely gotten better since then, though.
【Shiho】Your first mistake was using that as a benchmark.
【Shiho】Also, to you, high school level just means we're good for the school festival or something, right?
【Shiho】No proper live house is going to allow a band like that to perform on their stage.
【Honami】Live house...
【Honami】That sounds nice. I would love to perform in front of an audience one day as a proper band.
【Saki】Yeah! We'll need to have major milestones like that if we're going to become a real band together!
【Shiho】Not at our current level we aren't.
【Ichika】For now, let's practice hard and get better. And then eventually...
【Saki】Wait! There's something else we need besides good skills!
【Ichika】What?
【Saki】Costumes! We don't have stage costumes, yet!
【Shiho】Just wear something casual. The audience will be there to listen to our songs, not see our clothing...
【Saki】But if we're going to be performing in front of an audience, it'll be much better to have proper costumes!
【Honami】Oh... I think I may know where to find some good ones...
【Saki】Really?!
【Honami】Yes. Does everyone have a bit of time after this?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Sound] bgm_area00001
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Honami】Hello, Luka and Miku.
【Luka】Hello, everyone, and welcome.
【Miku】Welcome! Here to practice again today?
【Honami】Actually, I wanted to make sewing patterns of the costumes we wear when performing in this SEKAI.
【Miku】Sewing patterns?
【Luka】That means...you intend to make another set of these costumes for yourselves?
【Miku】Is that even possible?
【Honami】Yes! It won't be the exact same costume, but making something similar is definitely possible.
【Saki】Hona's in the home economics club, so she can cook and sew really well!
【Luka】Oh, that sounds lovely.
【Miku】Hey, how do you make sewing patterns? Can I see?
【Honami】Yes, of course.
【Honami】Ichika's belt is like this... Oh, so that's how this ornament is designed...
【Luka】I'm not very familiar with tailoring myself, but you're just drawing out the sewing pattern directly without making any sketches of the costume design first?
【Saki】Oh, well... It's because Hona can't really draw very well...
【Luka】Huh?
【Saki】Hona has a very unique way of sketching pictures... You could say she's a master artist...in a sense.
【Luka】Wouldn't a master artist be great at drawing?
【Ichika】Hahaha...
【Shiho】Her drawings are truly something else.
【Saki】Shiho, quiet!
【Honami】I heard everything...
【Honami】Okay, that's all of us. As for the boots and accessories, we'll just have to search around for similar ones.
【Saki】Hm, if only we could just bring those clothes back with us. Then you wouldn't have to go through the trouble of making them all over again.
【Honami】Even so, it's always good to have backups. Also, I really enjoy such work, so it's fine!
【Miku】If you're going to be making them from scratch, you should add in your own preferences too.
【Luka】Yes. Since you'll be getting your own boots and accessories, wouldn't it be more fun to buy something that you liked?
【Honami】Yes, you do make a good point. Shall we all do that together?
【Miku】Now that you've got the perfect costumes, go out there and sing the song of your feelings to as many people as you can!
【Honami】We will!
[Sound] bgm00000
