【Hinomori Shiho — Go With The Flow〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hinomori Shiho
Card: Go With The Flow（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Find the Dream View
scenarioId: 004046_shiho01

[Background Change] bg_a001201
[Caption] Music Shop
【Saki】Let's see, the Free Cluster corner should be... Oh, here it is!
【Shiho】The top part is all their CDs, so this must be all their DVDs...
【Ichika】They have so many DVDs of their shows.
【Honami】We should watch as many of them as we can for our research.
【Shiho】Yeah. It's research too, but I also want to see what Free Cluster's shows are like before we open for them.
【Shiho】Still, there's no way we're gonna be able to get through all of these. We need to choose the best ones for us.
【Saki】In that case... Oh, what about this one?! It's filmed at the same arena we'll be playing!
【Ichika】Yeah, let's buy that. It should help us get a good idea of what things are going to be like when we take the stage.
【Shiho】One of their more recent shows would also be nice. I wanna see what they're like currently.
【Honami】Their most recent one is... This one? Oh, it even includes some bonus footage.
【Honami】There's a video of them rehearsing, and there's also an interview about the show.
【Ichika】A video of them rehearsing...? That might help us get a good understanding of the arena's acoustics and such.
【Shiho】And the interview should let us hear what they focused on while planning their show.
【Saki】Yeah! Let's learn as much as we can about all this stuff together!
【Saki】Still, an interview...
【Saki】Hey, someday when we release a DVD like this, do you think we'll get to record an interview like them?
【Ichika】Yeah, it's pretty standard as far as bonus footage goes...
【Saki】Then, if we include an interview as bonus footage for our very first DVD, what would you guys wanna talk about?
【Shiho】Aren't you getting a little ahead of yourself?
【Saki】What?! No, I'm not! Thinking about this now might help us in the future!
【Honami】True, this could help with magazine interviews and such.
【Ichika】Then, I'd probably want to talk about Miku. She's special to us personally, not to mention an integral part of Leo/need's music.
【Honami】That's very like you, Ichika. I think that's great.
【Honami】In my case... I'd probably want to talk about what makes you all so great.
【Honami】I think anyone going out of their way to watch interviews would be very interested in learning more about us as people.
【Shiho】That's a little embarrassing, but it's not a bad idea.
【Saki】And I'll tell everyone all about what an amazing person you are, Hona!
【Honami】Thank you, Saki. So, what would you discuss during our interview?
【Saki】Me? There's so much I wanna talk about, but I'd probably start by discussing our songs!
【Saki】Because they mean so much to us, and we all invested a ton of time and effort into them!
【Ichika】Yeah, I agree.
【Saki】Oh, and for the interview, how cool would it be to sit in big chairs while wearing sunglasses and stuff like movie stars?♪
【Shiho】It's probably best to just be ourselves.
【Saki】No, you don't get it! It's important to act like we're a big deal!
【Saki】Anyway, Shiho, what would you talk about during our interview?
【Shiho】I'll pass.
【Saki】No, you can't do that! It's your turn to talk now!
【Honami】I agree. Imagine all the people you'd disappoint by being the only one not to say anything.
【Shiho】Not you too, Honami...
【Shiho】Fine... I'd talk about the history of Leo/need.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Ichika】The history of Leo/need?
【Shiho】Yeah. I'd start with how we got our band back together during our first year of high school, decided to try going pro together, practiced like there was no tomorrow...
[Sound] bgm00039
【Shiho】Put on a successful solo show, and actually turned pro. I'd also mention our commercial, our first appearance at a big festival and all the other challenges we've taken on.
【Shiho】Oh, also...
【Shiho】How we got to open for Free Cluster.
【Ichika】Oh...
【Shiho】I don't know what's gonna happen moving forward.
【Shiho】But when we look back on all this sometime in the future, I feel like this next show is going to be a real turning point for us.
【Honami】Yes, I agree.
【Saki】It'll be our big chance for us to reach a new level as a band!
【Ichika】Let's do our best to make that happen. So we can talk about how we faced a massive challenge and came out of it stronger.
【Saki】For now, let's start by watching these DVDs!
【Ichika】Right. We should keep an eye out for things that we can take in for ourselves.
【Honami】I'll put together a schedule leading up to our lesson with Ms. Naruse. That should make it easier for us to come up with a detailed set of goals.
【Shiho】Thanks, Honami.
【Shiho】Let's do everything we can. First, we need to improve the way we play so that we're able to put on the perfect performance for Ms. Naruse.
【Honami, Saki & Ichika】Right!
[Sound] bgm00000
