【Akiyama Mizuki — Happy Birthday! 2025〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Akiyama Mizuki
Card: Happy Birthday! 2025（BD）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 020036_mizuki02

[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Caption] Shopping Mall
【Mizuki】Okay... I think we're supposed to meet here...
【An】Mizuki! Over here!
【Mizuki】Oh, An! Thanks for waiting... Huh?
【Rui】Hello. Happy birthday.
【Mizuki】Rui! You're here too!
【An】Since we're here to celebrate your birthday, I also invited Kamishiro!
【Mizuki】Ahh, I see.
【An】I actually invited Tenma, Toya and the others too. Unfortunately, they couldn't make it.
【Rui】It won't be as lively as it could've been, but there's no need to worry.
【Rui】As a director, I'll be sure to make this birthday a fun one for you.
【Rui】Now, as for the plan. How about we do whatever you'd like to do, Mizuki? Does that sound alright?
【Mizuki】Wait, hold on. That sounds like we're just hanging out.
【Rui】I suppose it does when you put it that way. But it's not a bad idea, no?
【Mizuki】Oh, I dunno. I'm pretty hard to please.
【An】Hahaha. Looks like the star of the day has high standards. Well, you can count on me to keep the fun going.
【Mizuki】Hmmm. Alright, if you say so. I expect to be blown away.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Sound] bgm00190
[Caption] Accessory Shop
【An】Hey, check out this ribbon! Isn't it similar to the frills on the dress your sister made?
【Mizuki】Whoa! It totally is! This would go so well with that dress!
【Mizuki】Oh, look at this really cute barrette! Don't you think this fluffy lace would go perfectly with the dress?
【An】Wow, I didn't even see these! Yeah, it's super cute. It'd totally match!
【Mizuki】Hehehe. It's a gift precious to me, so of course I want to do it justice!
【Mizuki】Ah! Sorry, Rui! We totally got ahead of ourselves!
【An】S-Sorry!
【Rui】No, it's alright. I was enjoying myself in my own way.
【Mizuki】Huh? Were you always interested in accessories or something?
【Rui】No, I simply was wondering how could I use them in a show.
【Rui】Namely, what sort of effects I could achieve by building devices into them.
【Mizuki】Oh, that's what you meant...
【Rui】Hmm. With this pendant, I could use that circuit board. Actually, perhaps that other one instead. Which would mean, as for effects...
【An】W-Well... I guess as long as you're having fun...
[Background Change] bg_a004901
[Caption] Arcade
【Mizuki】Yay! I achieved a full combo♪
【Mizuki】Heh heh heh. How'd you like that? I nailed that so hard you must be speechless!
【An】You and everything on the screen moved so fast that I couldn't even keep up! I don't really get it, but you're really good!
【Rui】It looked like a very difficult song. To clear it perfectly really is a testament to your skill.
【Mizuki】Reactions as expected, check and check! I love rhythm games. I just can't help but get sucked in playing my favorite songs!
【Mizuki】By the way, what kind of games are you two good at?
【An】Let's see. Oh! I'm pretty good at shooting games!
【Mizuki】What? Shooting? Like the shooting with a weapon kind?
【An】Yeah. I don't usually play video games, but I'm pretty good at those.
【Rui】If I had to say, tabletops might be more my forte. Particularly, card games or board games.
【Mizuki】Hahaha! I can totally see that! Alright then, let's play one of those next! I'm still gonna win!
【Rui】Oh, now that sounds interesting.
【An】Hey! Hold up! Why do I have a feeling that I'll be designated loser when that happens?!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001001
[Sound] bgm00180
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Mizuki】Thanks for today, you two! I had so much fun!
【An】Hahaha! I'm glad! I guess I'll take it that you were satisfied?
【Mizuki】Yup, you can say that again! Thanks for the idea, Rui♪
【Rui】Hehe, it was my pleasure.
【An】Once again! Happy birthday, Mizuki!
【Mizuki】Hahaha, it's a little embarrassing having you say it directly to my face.
【An】Blush all you want. This is the one day out of the whole year I get to do it.
【An】Oh, I better head off soon... Sorry! I've gotta meet my Dad after this!
【Mizuki】Don't worry about it. Thanks for today! Let's hang out again sometime!
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_1
【Mizuki】I suppose we should start heading home too.
【Rui】Actually, there's one place I'd like to stop by. Would that be alright?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Mizuki】Huh? Yeah, sure...
[Background Change] bg_a001401
[Caption] carino/carina
【Mizuki】Huh? This is where I worked part-time for a day a while back... Did you have something to do here?
【Rui】Actually, I was requested to bring you here. I'll be heading off now, but please do sit down and relax.
【Rui】I'll see you later.
[Sound] se00006_b
【Mizuki】What? Rui, what's going on?
【???】Ready...now!
【???】Happy birthday!!!
[Sound] se00009_b
【Mizuki】What?!
【Saki】Welcome, Mizuki! Behold the venue that will host your nighttime birthday celebration♪
[Sound] bgm00230
【Mizuki】Wait, huh?! My what now?!
【Shiho】I had a feeling you'd say that.
【Minori】The thing is... We were all invited to celebrate your birthday too!
【Mizuki】Huh? Really?
【Saki】Unfortunately, we couldn't all make it during the day... But we found out that we're all free from the late afternoon!
【Emu】Yeah! And then that's when Rui suggested that we throw a surprise party for you!
【Mizuki】I didn't realize... I can't believe Rui actually had something else in the works.
【Minori】Now, without further ado! Please let us celebrate your birthday with you too!
【Haruka】I know that you tune in to our streams quite a bit, so we prepared a segment for you.
【Mizuki】Wait, really?
【Airi】We've named this special segment, “A Happy Birthday with MORE MORE JUMP!”
【Shizuku】We were discussing how it'd be fun to do this segment together.
【Mizuki】Oh my gosh! I can't wait!
【Emu】We wanted to have lots of fun with you, so we brought a bunch of stuff over!
【Honami】We've got playing cards, board games and more.
【Shiho】I don't know if we'll be able to get through all of these, though.
【Saki】We also have a special birthday menu lined up as well!
【Saki】Remember those Mount Everest parfaits? I spiced it up and made a special birthday version just for you!
【Saki】It's super yummy, so I hope you look forward to it!
【Mizuki】Everyone... Aww, this is all too good to be true!
【Mizuki】Thank you so much! Okay! I can't wait to enjoy all of this!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000347
[Sound] bgm00241
【Saki】Happy birthday, Mizuki! I'm so glad that you liked our surprise!
【Honami】That Mount Everest parfait that Saki made really was amazing. Mizuki looked so happy taking all of those photos.
【Shiho】To be honest, that parfait went beyond Mount Everest. Mizuki even had to stop eating halfway.
【Saki】Hahaha. I thought the more the better, but I might have gone overboard.
【Shizuku】We ended up having to help finish it off, didn't we? That parfait was really delicious.
【Emu】It was really fun sharing that massive parfait all together!
【Airi】I'm sure that made a wonderful birthday memory, though. I'm glad Mizuki enjoyed the Happy Snacker too.
【Minori】Playing those board games with everyone was so fun too! Let's do that again sometime!
【Haruka】I'd love to hear more about fashion from Mizuki too. Maybe I'll organize a day for the two of us to chat soon.
【Toya】Happy birthday, Akiyama. I heard that you spent quite a lively birthday. I'm glad that you had an amazing time.
【Tsukasa】So am I! However, don't be satisfied just yet! We'll be giving you a celebration to make up for our absence tenfold.
【Tsukasa】I will be planning a show with Toya, Azusawa and Akito! There's no better way to put a large smile on your face than this, of course!
【Kohane】I'm not sure if I'll do well in theatre, but... I-I'll do my best!
【Akito】Hey, wait a second. When did I get dragged into this?
【An】Hahaha. Oh, c'mon! Let's do the birthday show! Tenma, can I be a part of it too?
【Rui】Hehe. In that case, I'd like to offer my services as well. Let's all put together an amazing birthday show for Mizuki, shall we?
【Ena】Happy birthday, Mizuki. I freaked out a little when you came in while we were preparing, but I'm glad we got to celebrate.
【Kanade】I'm sure the excitement from receiving the dress couldn't wait.
【Mafuyu】Mizuki sent a lot of photos of the dress, as well.
【Kanade】Oh...
【Mafuyu】What's wrong?
【Kanade】I just realized that I should've taken photos at the party. Mizuki was having so much fun...
【Ena】That's okay, I took some. It seems like a certain someone forgot to take any photos of themselves.
【Kanade】Right. Thank you. I hope Mizuki's sister likes them.
[Background Change] bg_e000501
【Mizuki】So many people celebrated my birthday with me.
【Mizuki】Sis, Kanade, Miku and the others, and then An, Rui, Saki and everyone!
【Mizuki】It made me so happy knowing how much everyone thought about me.
【Mizuki】Oh, I didn't forget about you guys! I really appreciate your wishes too! Thank you so, so much!
【Mizuki】Let's make more memories together♪
[Sound] bgm00000
