【Tenma Saki — Rainy Distance〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: Rainy Distance（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: First Star After the Rain
scenarioId: 002005_saki01

[Background Change] bg_f000401
[Caption] Saki's Room
【Saki】And that's my homework done!
【Saki】There's club tomorrow too. I can't wait to go to school♪
【Saki】Oh! I should also start thinking about which shift to take next at my part-time job!
【Saki】Hm... I want to fill my schedule with as much fun stuff as possible, but I have band practice and club, so...
【Saki】Uh... There are so many things I want to do, but not enough time to do them all!
【Saki】Ah! No, wait a minute!
【Saki】If I get too greedy and start doing everything at once, I'll just fall sick again.
【Saki】Sigh...
【Saki】(Why do I always fall sick at the worst possible times?)
【Saki】I guess I should prioritize staying healthy over all else!
【Saki】Oh. Maybe I can find a useful website about this if I do some research on my smartphone!
【Saki】Let's see, I'll search for... Ah!
【Saki】Hehe, I found something good♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002201
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard
【Honami】So sorry I'm late!
【Shiho】We weren't waiting that long.
【Ichika】Yeah. Okay, let's eat.
【Saki】Yup! Time to dig in!
【Ichika】Why are you holding on to your smartphone, though?
【Shiho】Don't tell me you mistook it for chopsticks or something.
【Saki】Of course not! I'm just taking a picture!
【Honami】Picture? Of your lunch?
【Saki】Yup! Heh heh heh! I found this really useful app yesterday. Look!
【Saki】This is an app that helps you manage your health♪ And it's got such a cute design too!
【Ichika】Wow, it really is cute. What does it actually do?
【Saki】I think it records your temperature and weight, and also comes with a pedometer. You can also keep tabs on your meals by taking pictures!
【Honami】So that's why you were trying to take a picture.
【Saki】Yeah! But it doesn't just keep records! The app also informs you about what nutrients you may be lacking in your diet!
【Saki】It even gives out beauty tips and great advice on how to lose weight!
【Saki】There's more! Using the app earns you points, which you can then exchange for freebies!
【Ichika】Wow!
【Shiho】Sounds like a case of too good to be true to me, though?
【Saki】Not possible! I did my own research on the company that produced this app, and it's all good. See? This company!
【Honami】Oh, this company makes health foods. I know about them because I often come across their commercials.
【Ichika】That means the app was made by a reputable company.
【Shiho】I guess that means it's safe to use, then.
【Saki】Told you! Anyway, I'm gonna make full use of this app to get even healthier than ever!
【Saki】Zero absences, here I come!
【Honami】Hehe, you're such an amazing person, Saki.
【Saki】No?
【Ichika】Yeah. You're always so positive, and that's amazing.
【Shiho】Just don't forget that we're here for you, so don't hold back if you ever need help from us, understand?
【Saki】Oh...
【Saki】(She's right. I have three friends I've known since I was little right here with me, who care so much about me!)
【Saki】Yup! You bet I will!
【Shiho】Make sure you remember that.
【Saki】Hehe. Thanks, Shiho! I love you♪
【Shiho】Hey! Stop it, Saki! Don't be like my sister!
【Saki】But why? I'm just trying to show how much I love you♪
【Shiho】Ichika, Honami, stop watching and help me!
【Ichika】Hmm, what should I do...
【Honami】Hehe. But Shiho looks so happy!
【Shiho】D-Don't say that! Now Saki's going to do it more!
【Saki】Hehe♪ I looove you!
[Sound] bgm00000
