【Mochizuki Honami — Noise Gives Way To Silence〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Mochizuki Honami
Card: Noise Gives Way To Silence（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Unsteady, Still Steady Step
scenarioId: 003046_honami01

[Background Change] bg_a002302
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Saki】Hehe. This is so exciting... I'm ready to play right now!
【Shiho】Seriously, Saki, that's all you've been saying for a while now.
【Ichika】But I get how she feels. I'm also really excited.
【Honami】Hehe. It is going to be our very first solo show since going pro.
【Saki】Exactly! And I can't believe how fast everything got decided!
【Shiho】We have to thank Mr. Shindo for working so hard behind the scenes. And we get to play at TONE BASE. It's hard not to be motivated.
【Honami】We don't have much time to prepare, but we need to give all the people who've been supporting us a good show.
【Honami】So, let's all do our best to make that happen.
【Ichika】Yeah...!
【Saki】Still, it feels like it's been forever since we did a solo show.
【Saki】This is gonna be our first one as pros, so we've really gotta put a lot of love into our effects!
【Shiho】Venues on the level of TONE BASE usually offer a pretty wide range of options.
【Honami】And we'll also want to put everything that we learned about staging from Ms. Naruse into practice.
【Ichika】Oh, I'd like to try that thing where the lights change colors depending on the lyrics.
【Ichika】When Ms. Naruse and her band did that, I could feel myself being drawn into the song. I've wanted to give it a try ourselves ever since.
【Saki】Yeah, that's a great idea! And if we're talking lights, we could also do that thing, you know? Where the spotlight spins round and round!
【Honami】(They all sound so excited.)
【Honami】(I should jot down these ideas before I forget.)
[Sound] se00055_b
[Sound] se00183_b
【Saki】Oh, you guys! I just thought of something great!
【Honami】Something great?
【Saki】Yeah! We should write a new song for the show!
【Saki】Since we're doing a solo show, what if we do a surprise reveal of a brand-new song? I bet the audience would love that, right?
【Ichika】A new song? That would be nice.
【Shiho】It'll also make it just that much more special for us.
【Honami】In that case, why don't we pencil in that plan? I'll be sure to let Mr. Shindo know.
【Ichika】Thanks, Honami.
【Honami】(Alright, once I get home, I'll write up short summaries of all of the ideas they just listed.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000503
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] A few hours later
[Caption] Honami's Room
[Sound] se00183_b
【Honami】I think that's about all they said.
【Honami】Staging, crowd interaction, our set list and new song...
【Honami】There's so much we have to do. And we don't have a lot of time to prepare...
【Honami】I should put together a schedule as quickly as I can.
【Honami】I need to figure out how long we have to practice, as well as what we have to prepare for each meeting.
【Honami】Speaking of which, Mr. Shindo sent me the dates for those meetings. I'll start working off of that...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001901
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] Rehearsal Studio
【Honami】So, I used this app to make a schedule leading up to our show.
【Honami】Nothing has been finalized yet, so I'd like to hear your opinions. What do you all think?
【Ichika】Wow... You really put this together in one day?
【Shiho】This is so detailed. You even have when the demo for our new song needs to be written, and dress rehearsals for our show. That's pretty huge.
【Shiho】But making this by yourself couldn't have been easy.
【Honami】Don't worry about that. It's important to get a jump on these sorts of things early. Also...
【Honami】This is a must if we're going to put on the best show we can for everyone.
【Saki】Hona...
【Ichika】Thanks for always being so on top of things, Honami.
【Shiho】Alright, why don't we take a closer look at the schedule Honami made for us?
【Saki】Yeah! Take it away, Hona!
【Honami】Okay!
【Honami】First, the general concept and set list. This date here is when we have the effects meeting, so we'll need to know what we want to do by this day at the latest...
[Sound] bgm00000
