【Otori Emu — Enter Count Otori!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: Enter Count Otori!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: To You, My Caring Companion
scenarioId: 014025_emu01

[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Wonder Stage
[Sound] se00100_b
【Emu】Good morning, everyone☆
【Tsukasa】Good morning, Emu. As peppy as ever, I see.
【Nene】Peppy...? Actually, it looks to me like she just heard some good news.
【Emu】Hehe. Well, the thing is...
【Emu】Ta-daa♪ My brothers gave me tickets to the Phoenix Bridal Fair!
【Rui】The Phoenix Bridal Fair?
【Emu】Yup! It's a convention where you can look at and even try on all sorts of wedding dresses!
【Emu】Oh, and they're also supposed to have lots of booths where you can make your own bouquets and stuff!
【Nene】Oh, wedding dresses...? I'm kinda interested since that could come in handy later for a show.
【Tsukasa】So, when is this fair taking place?
【Emu】Let's see... Oh, it's on the ticket... It says this weekend.
【Rui】Sorry, but I already have a prior engagement.
【Tsukasa】Me too.
【Nene】Oh, I'm also going somewhere with my family...
【Emu】That's too bad. I was hoping we could go together...
【Tsukasa】We're sorry...
【Rui】Can you think of anyone else who you think would be interested?
【Emu】Anyone else...?
【Emu】Wait, yeah! I think Honami said that she likes to make her own clothes and stuff!
【Emu】I'll ask her the next time we're at school♪
【Nene】Actually, Emu, if you don't mind... Can you tell me more about the fair as a whole?
【Tsukasa】Yes, I would also like to know! Since we won't be able to go, I'd like to hear all about what's going on!
【Rui】You've mentioned so far that you can try on dresses and make your own bouquets...
【Emu】Yup! Oh, gimme one sec! I jotted down everything my brothers told me earlier...
[Sound] se00055_b
【Emu】So... They're gonna have all these dresses made by famous designers, and even some by amateurs who won a contest.
【Emu】They're also gonna have tiaras, necklaces, bracelets and a bunch of other accessories there!
【Emu】Oh, there's even supposed to be this one booth where you can have custom ones made!
【Nene】Wow, this is starting to sound like a pretty big fair...
【Rui】Yes, it would've been nice to see all these dresses and accessories. We could've used them as reference for future costumes and outfits.
【Emu】Then, I'll make sure to take a bunch of pictures! I'm supposed to go have a look around with my brothers for work.
【Rui】Ah, please do. That would be much appreciated.
【Emu】Sure thing♪
【Emu】Oh, I almost forgot! I wanted to ask you guys for some advice about the event for the fitting area!
【Tsukasa】You want our advice?
【Emu】Yeah! I just remembered something my brothers said after looking at my notepad.
【Emu】“The fitting area won't draw in many people if it's just a place where you can try on dresses. It needs to feel more special.”
【Emu】“As such, we're looking to have some sort of activity available at the chapel. If you have any fun ideas, we'd like to hear them.”
【Nene】But this is supposed to be a really big convention, right? Are you sure they want to use our ideas? We're just high schoolers.
【Tsukasa】Surely they've thought this through, no?
【Rui】I agree. They wish to hear from us, which I suspect can only mean...
【Rui】They're hoping to put on some kind of show, yes?
【Emu】Whoa! Yeah, that's right! How'd you know, Rui♪
【Emu】When they first told me about this bridal fair, I immediately began telling them about what you did with the flash mob at that wedding.
【Rui】Ah, I see... If it's a show they want, this is right up our alley.
【Tsukasa】Indeed! We should be able to come up with something good!
【Emu】Yay☆ Thanks, you guys!
【Rui】By the way, is there anything we need to be mindful of?
【Nene】Yeah, can you tell us more about the actual wedding area?
【Tsukasa】Also, the amount of time to be allotted. How long will each group have in the limelight?
【Emu】Okay! Just gimme a sec to look through my notes☆
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】It's a wedding, so having to overcome an obstacle or solve a problem together may be nice.
[Sound] bgm00006
【Tsukasa】Then, how about disposing of someone who barges in to stop the wedding from proceeding?
【Nene】D-Dispose...?! That sounds like a bit much. I'm sure they have their reasons...
【Tsukasa】Oh? Then... What if we made this person an overly intrusive vampire?
【Nene & Emu】A vampire?!
【Rui】It's a bit fantastical... But it may work given that the show needs to be easily understood in a short amount of time.
【Tsukasa】See what I mean? If anything, it's probably better to do something that seems a little wild or crazy.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
【Nene】So, that...actually kind of came together?
【Rui】In terms of moving the story along, we made it so the guests simply need to do as the staff says. That way, anyone will be able to participate.
【Emu】Yup yup☆ This sounds like a lot of fun♪ I'll make sure to tell my brothers!
【Tsukasa】Great. And feel free to ask us if you think you need any more help!
【Emu】Thank you guys so much! I promise to make it a super duper fun show that everyone's gonna love!
[Sound] bgm00000
