【Azusawa Kohane — I Got Praised♪〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: I Got Praised♪（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: THE POWER OF UNITY
scenarioId: 009017_kohane01

[Background Change] bg_a001501
[Caption] Shibuya Park
【Kohane】Sorry about doing this during practice, everyone, but I took some photos for our flyer and really wanted you to take a look at them.
【Akito】That's all good. It shouldn't take up much time.
【An】Yeah! I've been looking forward to seeing what kinds of pics you took for us!
【Kohane】Thanks! So... Here they are in digital form.
【Akito】Hmm...
【Akito】Hey, this one with the live house's sign in it looks cool. I like the composition you chose for it too.
【Toya】Yes, her broad use of negative space adds a nice dimension to this photo.
【Kohane】Hehe. I really tried with that one.
【An】Hehe. See? Isn't Kohane amazing?
【Akito】Why are you the one bragging? Also, quit yammering and start looking through these.
【Kohane】What do you guys think? Would any of these work as a flyer?
【An】I like the one that was taken in front of the live house or the one with the back alley in it.
【An】Oh, the one of Vivid Street's really good too, but so is the one with my place peeking it's head out.
【An】Everything you took looks way too good, Kohane! I can't decide at all!
【Toya】I understand how you feel, Shiraishi. Each one has a very nice feel to it.
【Akito】Saying, “They're all good,” isn't exactly helpful. It's not gonna help us put any flyers together.
【An】Yeah, I know...
【Toya】Azusawa, there's something I'd like to ask you. Would you mind?
【Kohane】No, what would you like to ask?
【Toya】Each of your photos feature a building as their subject, but they all seem to be taken from a distance. Is there a reason behind that?
【Kohane】Oh, um... This event's supposed to be about everyone who performs on Vivid Street, right?
【Kohane】That's why I want our flyer to capture that.
【Toya】I see...
【Kohane】Also, I'm worried that these subjects won't tell the whole or real story... Like I won't be able to capture what's really going on, you know?
【An】The real story...?
【Kohane】Uhh... If someone saw a photo of me with no background in it, they probably wouldn't get a good idea of who I really am...
【Kohane】But if I were to take it in my room, they'd have a better idea since they'll see all the PXL merch and photos I took decorating it.
【Toya】That makes sense. It brings a person's individuality and other traits to the surface.
【An】That's so cool, Kohane! I didn't realize you put so much thought into these!
【Kohane】No, it's just... My dad always tells me to figure out what I really want to take since where a photo's taken and in what situation are so important.
【Kohane】Vivid Street in particular has an incredibly unique feel to it, so I want to make it so people see that.
【An】Yeah, this place has a certain warmth or smell to it that you can't find anywhere else!
【Akito】Yeah, I get what you're trying to say. Singing somewhere else just isn't the same as singing here.
【Akito】What do you call it...? The air...? The atmosphere...? No, that isn't any different from the feel of this place...
【Toya】Yes... I'm having trouble coming up with the right word as well...
【Toya】But I believe that your photos capture the very essence of what we're struggling to describe, Azusawa.
【An】Yeah, Kohane, you really are the best! What if you end up becoming a professional photographer?!
【Kohane】What?! Th-There's no way I could become a pro. My dad's the one who taught me all this and he just does it for fun.
【Kohane】Moreover, I think I'm able to take photos like this now because of my practices with Taiga.
【An】Huh? Uncle Taiga?
【Kohane】Yeah. For instance, Taiga showed me how there's only one way from Vivid Street into the back alley in this photo.
【An】Wait, this alley! It's the shortcut we always take to go to Weekend Garage from the live house on the street that's one block down.
【Akito】Yeah, we've been using it a lot too.
【Toya】Yes, we have. It's narrow and a bit difficult to navigate, but it's always fun to see all the graffiti that people have drawn on the walls.
【Kohane】Exactly! Taiga showed me all these spots that give off that unique Vivid Street vibe.
【An】Now I get it!
【An】If you put this much thought into these pics, I kinda think we should have a bit more of a serious discussion as to which to choose.
【Kohane】I'm glad you feel that way, but we still need time to practice...
【Toya】That's okay. I'm sure we'll still have plenty of time for that.
【Akito】Yeah. Also, our flyer's gonna play a big role in how we get the word out about our event.
【An】Definitely. We're going through all this trouble, so we should try to make a flyer that also tries to surpass RAD WEEKEND!
【Akito】You're raising the bar way too high.
【An】No, I'm not! Kohane can do it.
【Toya】Yes, I agree.
【Kohane】You guys...
【Kohane】Thanks! I'll do my best to put a good flyer together!
[Sound] bgm00000
