【Otori Emu — The Smiles I Want to Protect〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: The Smiles I Want to Protect（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Mermaid Admiration
scenarioId: 014012_emu02

[Background Change] bg_a003801
[Caption] Swimming Area
[Sound] se00226
【Luka】<It's time to start our beach volleyball match!>
[Sound] bgm00052
[Sound] se00052
【Tsukasa】I got it! Spike it, now!
【Emu】Roger!!
【Emu】Fire!!
[Sound] se00121
[Sound] se00242
【Nene】Eep...!
[Sound] se00236
【Rui】Well, that was quite the spike...
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah! Why are you running, Nene? You won't win if you keep doing that!
【Nene】Emu's the one that scored, not you. Also, there's no way I can dig that! I'd break my wrists if I tried!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
【Emu】That was so much fun!
【Nene】Geez, I didn't expect to use so much energy just on beach volleyball. I'm exhausted.
【Nene】But Luka seemed to be enjoying herself too. I'm sure she's getting in some beauty sleep in SEKAI now.
【Robo-Nene】Beach volleyball was very fun.
【Tsukasa】You joining in was probably the biggest surprise of all.
【Emu】Yeah♪ It was so awesome how Robo-Nene could make the ball spin like a top whenever she spiked it! Oh, and how it drilled into the sand too!
【Tsukasa】On top of that, she can do jump float serves... How on earth is that even possible?
【Rui】Hehe. Robo-Nene's a valuable member of our troupe. Isn't it a good thing that she's capable of such feats?
【Rui】By the way, Robo-Nene, how are you in terms of charge?
【Robo-Nene】Beep... 65% remaining.
【Rui】That should do since all that's left is to clean everything up...
【Rui】But it may be wise to put you in power saver mode just in case.
【Robo-Nene】Understood. Entering power saver mode.
[Sound] se00029
【Nene】Sleep tight, Robo-Nene.
【Emu】We still have some time before our ride gets here, right? Wanna stay on the beach while we wait?
【Nene】Sure. It'd be nice to sit and rest a little too.
【Nene】Okay, the waves shouldn't reach here and... Oh, the sand isn't as hot as I thought it would be...
【Emu】Hehe. And I'll sit right next to you, Nene♪
【Rui】How does a quick break sound, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Sure, why not?
[Sound] se00227
【Rui】Hehe. It's like we're really making the most of our youth when we're together like this.
【Nene】That actually sounds really weird coming from you, Rui.
【Nene】But this is nice. The sea's so pretty too.
【Tsukasa】Yes, it is. Being able to enjoy the scenery like this is nice since we ran into some trouble there in the end.
【Emu】Yeah...
【Emu】It reminds me of when my big brothers, big sister and I went to see the ocean...
【Emu】We went on a family vacation a really long time ago and everybody came along♪
【Nene】Really...? I have a hard time imagining your older brothers going on a trip like that based on how they are now...
【Emu】Hehe! Keisuke took an encyclopedia of sea creatures with him, and the four of us went exploring on the beach!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053
[Sound] bgm00039
【Little Emu】Shosuke, look! It's a jellyfish!
【Little Shosuke】Wah! No, don't come any closer!
【Little Shosuke】And why are you holding it?! What if you get stung?!
【Little Emu】This one won't sting me. Right, Keisuke?
【Little Keisuke】Yes, you should be safe. It even says so right here.
【Little Hinata】Oh... Emu, Keisuke, Shosuke, over here! There's a pool full of starfish!
【Little Emu】Really?!
【Little Keisuke】Nice find, Hinata. Let's see if these are safe to touch too.
【Little Shosuke】Stop finding things will you, Hinata?! And can't you just say that they're poisonous or something, Keisuke?!
【Emu】We couldn't take anything home with us but we all had so much fun.
【Tsukasa】Yes, that does sound like quite a bit of fun. However, some parts of that story did concern me a little...
【Nene】Did you and your family visit the beach often, Emu?
【Emu】No, not really. Dad was always busy with work, so we haven't gone on a trip as a family since then...
【Nene】I see...
【Emu】But what about you guys? Did you ever go to the beach with your families and stuff?
【Rui】I can't say that I have... When I was little, most of our family outings involved visiting museums and science halls.
【Rui】If anything, you would've found me down by the river more than the beach. I remember trying to find fossils and precious gems.
【Emu】That sounds just like you, Rui♪
【Nene】Yeah, I remember you showing me some fossils and gemstone ores that you found one time.
【Emu】Oh, Nene, what about you?
【Nene】You mean if I ever went to the beach? I mean, sure, my family took me there a few times...
【Nene】But they were always too crowded so we usually ended up going to a pool by our house instead.
【Tsukasa】Same. My family was more pool-oriented. I remember going there pretty often with my friends.
【Tsukasa】Saki wasn't really able to go in the water, but we were at least able to splash each other with water from the side of the pool.
【Emu】Oh, that's right. Saki was sick for a really long time...
【Tsukasa】She was, but she did get a chance to see the ocean!
【Tsukasa】She got to stay at a seaside hotel, go looking for seashells and even smash watermelons.
【Tsukasa】She didn't get a chance to swim in the ocean, but she still got to enjoy herself.
【Emu】Hehe. Saki must've had such a big smile on her face when she was doing all those things.
【Tsukasa】Yes, her smile very nearly outshined the sun!
【Tsukasa】Still... It's surprising that we don't have many memories involving the sea.
【Rui】Then it's a good thing we came here.
【Nene】Yeah. I was exhausted towards the end, but it was nice to visit the beach for once.
【Emu】I hope we get to come back again!
【Tsukasa】Yes, I hope so too!
[Sound] bgm00000
