【Tenma Tsukasa — Mascot Greeting〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: Mascot Greeting（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 013003_tsukasa02

[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A
【Tsukasa】(Our performance was a great success. Everyone had a huge smile on their face, whether it was the audience or us!)
【Tsukasa】(And that's what I'd been looking for. In order to keep making shows that will put a smile on everyone's face...)
【Tsukasa】I know!
[Caption] Class 2-B
[Sound] se00046
【Tsukasa】Rui! Are you here?!
【Rui】Tsukasa? Is something the matter?
【Tsukasa】School's over. Let's go to Phoenix Wonderland together!
【Rui】Oh my. And you came here specially to pick me up?
【Tsukasa】I sure did! Let's go pick up the others while we're at it.
[Caption] Class 1-B
[Sound] se00046
【Tsukasa】Hey, Nene!
【Nene】Ah?! Wh-What do you want...
【Tsukasa】We're here to pick you up! Let's go to Phoenix Wonderland together!
【Nene】P-Pick me... You didn't have to show up at my class... You stand out too much and that bothers me...
【Tsukasa】What did you say?! After I went through the trouble of coming all the way here to get you?!
【Nene】I didn't ask you to do that.
【Rui】There, there. Squabbling with him here is just going to attract even more attention to yourself.
【Nene】That's...true.
【Tsukasa】Hehe, it is the destiny of a star to attract attention wherever he goes...but enough about that. Come on, let's go already!
【Nene】What's gotten into him? Why is he so fired up?
【Rui】Who knows?
[Background Change] bg_a001001
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Tsukasa】We're heading to Emu's school right now. I told her to wait for us at the school gate.
【Rui】So basically, you want us to all to go to Phoenix Wonderland together?
【Nene】What put this idea into your head, anyway? Suddenly having to act chummy with everyone is really creeping me out...
【Tsukasa】Hmph... It's because a star has to treasure his troupe!
【Tsukasa】I've come to the realization that the best way to make the audience smile is to ensure that the troupe members are smiling themselves too.
【Tsukasa】Thanks to you guys, I finally understand what's truly important!
【Tsukasa】Now all that's left is for us to strengthen our ties!
【Tsukasa】Hehehe... Acknowledging mistakes and learning from them is what sets a true star apart from the others. I cower in awe of my own boundless talent!
【Rui】Hehe, he's really changed.
【Nene】How I wish that was true for his inflated ego too.
【Rui】That's what makes him so entertaining, so let him keep it.
【Tsukasa】What're you mumbling about to each other? Let's go already!
【Tsukasa】Hm?
【Boy】Ugh... I can't find anyone...
【Tsukasa】Young man over there, what seems to be the problem? Are you looking for something?
【Nene】Hey... He just went up to talk to a complete stranger....
【Boy】I was playing hide-and-seek with my friends, but I can't seem to find anyone at all.
【Tsukasa】I see the problem now. Very well, leave this to me!
【Tsukasa】I'll put on a show that's so amazing, your friends can't help but come out from their hiding places to watch me!
【Boy】What?
【Tsukasa】Here I go! Don't take your eyes off me!
【Nene】Putting on a show for a boy playing hide-and-seek so as to draw his friends out from hiding? What nonsense is that?
【Rui】Hehe. But you have to hand it to him for having the guts to suddenly start dancing on the streets like that.
【Nene】But that boy's gawking at him.
【Boy】...
【Boy】Wow! You're so good at dancing!
【Tsukasa】I know I am, young man! Come on and dance along with me!
【Boy】Okay!
【Passerby】Hey, what's that guy doing over there?
【Girl】Where? Oh, that looks fun! I wanna join in too!
【Rui】My, my. He's drawn quite a large crowd in very little time.
【Nene】No way...
【Tsukasa】Hahaha! Behold the power of my sheer popularity!
【Emu】Yaaay! Let's dance, let's dance♪
【Tsukasa】E-Emu?! What are you doing here? I thought I told you to wait for us at your school gate?
【Emu】I couldn't wait any longer and so here I am! Anyway, let's dance, Tsukasa♪
【Tsukasa】Argh! Stop pulling my arm!
【Nene】Are you really sure he's changed?
【Rui】Hehe, whatever the case, everyone seems to be having fun, so why not let him do what he wants?
[Sound] bgm00000
