【Shinonome Ena — Featuring KUROMI〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Shinonome Ena
Card: Featuring KUROMI（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 019031_ena01

[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Ena】*Yawn* Morning.
【Kanade】Good morning, Ena.
【Mizuki】Ena, you actually woke up on time? Oh, I get it! You had your Li'l Bro wake you, right?
【Ena】I woke up on my own thank you very much!
【Ena】Besides, I've got everyone's tickets, so I had to be on time.
【Mafuyu】You said you got the tickets for the satellite Puroland from Momoi?
【Ena】Yeah. She said, “They gave me these 'cos I'll be appearing in an event. You want 'em?”
【Mizuki】But it's still amazing though. I heard they were standing in for someone, but sharing the stage with My Melody is a whole other level!
【Ena】Hehe, well for idols as talented as Airi and the others it's only natural. They're performing today too, so we definitely need to go watch.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_i000112
[Sound] bgm00252
[Caption] Satellite Puroland
【Mafuyu】It's bigger than I thought.
【Kanade】Yeah. Apparently there's a number of attractions from the actual Sanrio Puroland we can experience here.
【Ena】Some of the fine details of the interior look a bit different, but the atmosphere and the attractions seem fairly close to the original.
【Mizuki】Wow... Ooh! There's a boat attraction! Let's ride that one!
【Ena】Hang on a sec! Are we gonna get soaked on that thing?
【Mafuyu】The sign doesn't mention anything about that.
【Mizuki】So it's fine then! Come on, let's line up♪
[Sound] se00172_b
【Puroland Staff Member】Welcome to the Sanrio Character Boat Ride! The wait time is currently 30 minutes.
【Puroland Staff Member】If you would like, please feel free to enjoy our app while you wait.
【Ena】“Satellite Park Exclusive Free Coloring App”?
【Ena】“Help Hello Kitty, My Melody and their Puroland friends look cute by coloring in these pictures!”
【Mizuki】That looks fun! Let's do it!
【Ena】Well, we do have 30 minutes we need to kill anyway. Okay, so I just scan this code, right?
【Kanade】I think I'll try it out as well. What about you, Mafuyu?
【Mafuyu】I will too.
【Ena】Hmmm, now who should I color? They're all so cute.
【Mizuki】How 'bout Kuromi? You both kind of have the same vibe.
【Mizuki】Look, if you tap on the top right of the page you have open, you can see that character's profile.
【Ena】Really? Okay, where is... Oh! Here's Kuromi.
[Sound] se00183_b
【Ena】“Kuromi is the self-proclaimed rival of My Melody. Although she may look tough, she is actually very girly and is attracted to good-looking guys!”
【Ena】Hey, hang on. What makes you think she and I are alike?
【Mizuki】Huh? Just a feeling?
【Mizuki】I mean, if I had to pinpoint it... You're a little prickly on the outside, but you're actually really considerate and care a lot about your friends. Or something like that?
【Ena】Who do you think you're calling prickly?
【Mizuki】Uh-oh, did I strike a nerve?
[Sound] se00666
【Mizuki】Oww! Kanade, Mafuyu, you saw that, right?! She hit me!
【Kanade】Hehe...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【Mizuki】Hmhmhm♪ Lalala♪
【Ena】The eyelashes seem pretty integral to the design of her eyes. And then I want the mouth to look confident...
【Ena】Ugh, I wish I could use layers! And I wish the pen were finer...
【Kanade】Ah! I used the fill tool by mistake. Uh, how do I make it go back?
【Mafuyu】The Undo button in the lower left corner.
【Kanade】Oh, my finger was covering it. Thanks, Mafuyu.
[Sound] se00183_b
【Mafuyu】Done.
【Mizuki】Ooh that was fast! Lemme see lemme see!
【Ena】That one's... Cogimyun? You only colored her hair accessories.
【Mafuyu】That's because the rest of her is white.
【Ena】Well, sure, but... What about the background, or adding some items or other accessories? There's so much space for you to draw things in.
【Kanade】Oh, I thought there seemed like a lot of white space. That must be what they want you to use it for.
【Kanade】I just colored inside the lines...
【Ena】Oh, the one you're coloring is so cute, Kanade! Is that a blanket on its head?
【Kanade】I think so. His name is... Moppu.
【Ena】I see! The soft colors you used on the polka-dot blanket look great.
【Kanade】You think so? Maybe because I tried to pick colors similar to the original.
【Mizuki】Hey, check mine out♪
【Mizuki】Ta-daaa! Say hello to Bonbonribbon♪
【Mafuyu】That's a lot of ribbons.
【Mizuki】That's what makes it cute! Here, look! I added lace to the ribbon on her head♪
【Ena】Huh?! That wasn't part of it originally? Wait, did you use some effect to draw that?
【Mizuki】Bingo♪ It's part of the app, so I tried it out. Makes it look extra fancy and cute, don't you think?
【Ena】Yeah. Nice job.
【Kanade】How is yours coming, Ena? You were coloring Kuromi, right?
【Ena】I'm mostly finished, but... I figure I might as well draw in a little something extra.
【Ena】Here. This is what I've got so far.
【Kanade】Amazing... There are shadows and shading.
【Mizuki】Whoa! That is way beyond coloring book level. Can't believe you made that on an app with such simple features.
【Mafuyu】That reminds me. She was also complaining about the lack of a layering feature and the thickness of the pen in the middle of it.
【Ena】You didn't have to put it like that. All I said was it'd be nice if they had it.
【Kanade】I think it looks great, but you're still going to work on it?
【Ena】Yeah. We still have to wait in line for a bit longer anyway.
【Ena】Maybe I'll draw a background, and make it into a little scene. Oh, I should give her some clothes too!
【Mizuki】Ooh, clothes would be great! I can help with the design if you want♪
【Ena】Really? Great, let's do it!
【Mizuki】Okie dokie! Ooh! So how about something that fits with Kuromi's motif? Like her favorite food or something!
【Ena】Hm? I think her favorite food was... Pickled scallions?
【Kanade】Really? That seems a bit plain for her.
【Mizuki】I think it's great. I love that she's unapologetically herself.
【Ena】It's good that she likes what she likes, but as far as motifs go, I mean it's gotta be the skull, right?
【Mizuki】Come on, everyone does that! Pickled scallions are more challenging♪
【Ena】Challenging, or absurd?
【Ena】Well, maybe not as the main motif...
【Ena】But I think adding some here and there as accents could work, probably...?
【Mafuyu】Interesting.
【Mizuki】Yeah! Let's go with that♪
【Mizuki】Just you wait, Kuromi! Ena's gonna make you some super cute clothes!
【Ena】Quit playing around... Come on, gimme some real ideas to work with.
[Sound] bgm00000
