【Azusawa Kohane — Trying To Stay Awake〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: Trying To Stay Awake（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Burn My Soul
scenarioId: 009030_kohane02

[Background Change] bg_c000202
[Caption] Weekend Garage
【An】I'm back! *Sigh* Another day, another exhausting event!
【Toya】Yes. I know it was for practice, but going to Shizuoka and back by car wasn't easy...
【Akito】In that sense, I'm guessing Ken's the most exhausted out of all of us...
【Kohane】Thank you very much for driving us today. We really appreciate it.
【Ken】There's no need to thank me. I'm taking you to all these places because I think it's necessary for your training.
【Ken】Also, I like going out for long drives.
【An】Yeah, that reminds me. Dad, you used to drive us everywhere.
【An】I remember going camping in the mountains, doing a barbeque by the beach and a bunch of other stuff. A lot of good times.
【Kohane】That sounds like fun. It's always nice to go to those kinds of places to get a breath of fresh air.
【Toya】Yes, but where we went today also had that sort of effect. I thought what we saw was very interesting.
【Toya】Mount Fuji, tea fields and so much more... I had a lot of fun seeing those things from the car.
【Kohane】Seeing those things made me want to go sightseeing.
【Kohane】Still, I guess we don't have much time for that right now...
【An】Yeah... I mean, it's still fun to talk about what we saw out the car today and stuff!
【An】In terms of an actual trip, we can go the next time we get a chance to!
【Toya】Yes, I'd like that as well. When we do go, we'll be able to have all the fun we couldn't today.
【Kohane】Right!
【Kohane】Actually, I was sort of surprised...
【An】Huh? By what?
【Kohane】I always thought Shizuoka was really far away, but we went there and back in a day.
【Akito】Yeah, I get what you mean... It did seem further away for some reason.
【Ken】If you've never driven before, those sorts of distances can be hard to judge.
【Ken】I'm sure you'll be driving in the future, so you'll have a better idea of it then.
【Kohane】M-Me? Driving...?
【Kohane】I don't know if I'd be up to it... I'd be too scared of crashing into things...
【Ken】You'll become a safe driver after you practice at a driving school.
【Toya】How long have you had your license, Ken...?
【Ken】I got mine as soon as I could since I've always loved motorcycles...
【Ken】The first time I went for a long ride on my motorcycle was so incredible.
【Kohane】It was?
【Ken】Yeah, traveling that far on my own felt like a huge accomplishment. It was like I'd taken a big step towards becoming an adult.
【Ken】So, you can all look forward to experiencing something similar in the future.
【Kohane】Okay!
【Akito】He's right. Having our own means of transport would mean getting to perform at even more live houses.
【Kohane】Right... We can even revisit all those places that gave us a chance!
【Toya】I see... And sharing a car would be much simpling than us all riding motorcycles...
【An】Yeah, I totally agree. We could even take turns driving to make things easier.
【Toya】Unfortunately, none of us are old enough to start getting our licenses yet...
【Kohane】Hehe. Then, we should go get them together when we can someday.
【An】Hey, great idea! I'd love to do that!
【Akito】Me too.
【Toya】Slow down, you two... Keep in mind that there's a written test.
【An】Nah, Toya, what are you talking about? We totally got this.
【Akito】They just ask you common-sense questions, right? It can't be that hard.
【Ken】As someone who went through that process myself, I'm telling you that you need to study for it.
【Akito】Wait, what...?
【Kohane】Ahaha...
【Kohane】But it'd be so great if we could drive around and travel to really far off places together someday...
【Kohane】We could go to Yokohama, Kyoto and... It'd almost be like a school trip.
【An】We could do events all over, and even go camping together again!
【Kohane】Oh, we've taken a pretty long break now. Let's get back to practicing!
【Akito】Alright, we'll start again from the top while being mindful of what we discussed in the debrief.
【An】Okay! I'm all recharged and ready to go whenever!
【Kohane】Me too! Let's give it one last good effort!
[Sound] bgm00000
