【Kiritani Haruka — An Idol's Duty〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: An Idol's Duty（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: My Color!
scenarioId: 006007_haruka02

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Haruka】Sorry I took so long, everyone...
【Minori】Haruka! Airi! H-How did it go?
【Haruka】The school gave us permission to continue using the rooftop for practices and streams.
【Shizuku】Really?! That's great.
【Minori】Yeah! I was worried because they didn't sound too sure about it when we talked to them before we started.
【Airi】Right. That's why I went in expecting to have to really argue our case and do whatever we had to...
【Airi】But they greenlit us just like that... It felt a kind of anti-climactic.
【Haruka】Our videos have had a great response. Especially, the one where Shizuku talks about her feelings. Maybe they thought it was great PR for the school since it received so much attention.
【Airi】The fact they have a credit-based course here is probably a big selling point for them since it makes it really easy for everyone in the entertainment industry to attend.
【Minori】I see...!
【Haruka】But we'll need to be more careful if we're going to continue doing this at school.
【Haruka】The majority of the students aren't in the entertainment business, so we don't want to cause them any trouble.
【Minori】Oh, right. It wouldn't be good if a lot of fans or news reporters started showing up here.
【Shizuku】We may be fine now, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't keep that in mind.
【Airi】So the first thing we should probably do is...
【Haruka】Set up a way to contact us, maybe? As it stands, people might end up coming to our school directly...
【Haruka】We'll need a portal for contacting us about possible job opportunities as well.
【Airi】Yeah. If someone wants to get in touch with us and doesn't know how, they might just call the school or something.
【Airi】It'd be nice to have a phone dedicated to this, but we'll have to make do with just an email address for now.
【Minori】Whoa! It's really starting to feel like we're actually idols!
【Shizuku】Hehe. We'll have to work hard to make sure that phone gets lots of calls.
【Airi】So other than getting that set up... What else do we need to do...?
【Haruka】Probably a way to deal with contracts.
【Minori】Contracts? You mean like agreements that say we won't do any commercials for rival companies? That sort of thing?
【Haruka】Yes. Agencies usually have lawyers on retainer to look over contracts, but we'll have to do everything ourselves for the time being.
【Shizuku】We have a certain responsibility as the ones accepting these offers too, so it's definitely something we should pay close attention to.
【Airi】I'd definitely be happy to get an offer, but we'll probably just be focusing on our videos to grow our fan base for now.
【Haruka】Oh, there's one more thing... It's actually very important...
【Haruka】We may have experience in the industry, but as far as society is concerned, we're still minors. We're sure to run into situations where we'll need parental approval.
【Haruka】So we need to make sure our parents understand what we're doing too.
【Minori】Oh, yeah... That's true.
【Minori】But don't worry about me! They haven't been against what I've done so far, so I'm sure they'll be supportive!
【Haruka】(Hehe. I haven't met her mother, but I get the feeling she and Minori are very alike.)
【Airi】Same here. When I told them about us doing streams, they basically said, Go get 'em!
【Shizuku】My family should be supportive as well.
【Haruka】That's good to hear.
【Haruka】Sorry, everyone... Today's meeting got a bit heavy.
【Shizuku】It's okay. I figured we'd need to have this discussion at some point.
【Minori】That's right! I'm still brand new to all this, so I learned a lot just from today's talk!
【Airi】Yeah. I feel much more ready now too, so I'm actually grateful you brought it up.
【Haruka】Thanks, everyone.
【Haruka】(It's going to be difficult for the four of us to handle everything, and there's no telling what will happen.)
【Haruka】(But as long as we put our heads together, I'm sure we'll figure out a way to deal with whatever comes our way.)
【Haruka】(We made the decision to freelance, so now we have to step up and take responsibility.)
【Haruka】Shall we get back to business? It's time to discuss our plans for the next stream!
[Sound] bgm00000
