【Kusanagi Nene — Little Princess〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kusanagi Nene
Card: Little Princess（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Deep Dark for Light
scenarioId: 015047_nene01

[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Diner
【Tsukasa】Uh, ahem!
【Tsukasa】Today was originally intended to be a celebration for the end of the ArcLand workshop...
【Tsukasa】But with our decision to participate in the contest, it is now a kickoff party, effective immediately!
【Tsukasa】Let's put together the greatest show we can, and win glory upon the stage at the Center Theatre!
【Emu】Let's do it, everyone! Won-won hip-hip-hooray!
【Rui, Nene & Tsukasa】Hooray!
【Nene】Still, this is an amazing opportunity.
【Nene】Even just participating in the workshop taught us so much...
【Tsukasa】And to think, now we might even have a chance to perform for real!
【Emu】Yeah, yeah! I'm all fired up!
【Rui】And the contest's theme is ArcLand's motto, “anyone can be a princess”.
【Rui】This contest may not be for the public eye, but it's a true honor to work with this theme at ArcLand itself.
【Nene】It's exciting, but it makes me nervous too.
【Nene】All of ArcLand's princess shows are amazing. We'll have to work really hard not to look terrible by comparison.
【Emu】Yeah, all their princesses are so pretty and sparkly and wonderful!
【Nene】I always wanted to be an ArcLand princess...
【Tsukasa】Princesses really do have that kind of magnetism.
【Nene】Especially when you're little.
【Nene】I remember begging my mom to get me a princess ballgown when I was young.
【Nene】Of course, a ballgown was too much... But she did buy me a frilly dress to make up for it.
【Nene】Swishing the skirt around really made me feel like a princess... I still remember how happy it made me.
【Tsukasa】Now that you mention it...
【Tsukasa】When Saki was little, she used to absolutely adore any storybooks I read her with princesses in them!
【Nene】Maybe everyone wants to be a princess at least a little bit, deep down.
【Rui】Perhaps that's why ArcLand has become famous the world over for its motto.
【Emu】Hey, hey! Do you have any pictures of you from back then, Nene?
【Nene】Uh... Pictures?
【Emu】Pictures of Princess Nene! I just know you were super cute!
【Nene】I-I don't know about that...
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah. You're looking rather evasive, Nene.
【Nene】Oh, shut up.
【Rui】Hehe. I believe we may have one or two pictures of Nene like that at home.
【Nene】What the heck?!
【Rui】I produced a show involving a princess when I was young, and I had Nene play the role of the princess.
【Emu】Wow, really?!
【Rui】She was so happy to be a princess, in fact, that she wore the toy tiara for the rest of the day and seemed very pleased with herself.
【Tsukasa】Well, well...
【Emu】Nene, you're so cute!
【Nene】I can't believe you remember that...
【Rui】My mother took pictures of the show for us, so the photos should still be somewhere at home.
【Emu】Hooray! You'll have to show us next time, Rui! And tell us all kinds of cute stories about little Nene!
【Rui】Well, there's—
【Nene】Rui.
【Rui】Hehe, alright. I'm afraid that's all I can offer.
【Tsukasa】Still, to think there was such an anecdote about Nene!
【Tsukasa】Maybe we should build our show for the contest around a princess, played by our expert Nene!
【Emu】Yeah! I wanna see Nene play a princess!
【Nene】This contest is really important, okay? We can't decide on it just like that.
【Nene】Honestly...
[Sound] bgm00000
