【Otori Emu — Clear-Eyed To The Future〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: Clear-Eyed To The Future（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Choices for the Future
scenarioId: 014044_emu02

[Background Change] bg_d004001
[Caption] Morinomiya Revue - Courtyard
【Emu】Huh? Everyone from the crowd is basically gone now. When did that happen?
【Tsukasa】We have been talking for quite a while now about how great the new Kikyogumi is...
【Byakkomachi】I really appreciate you all telling me what you thought. It's always nice to hear directly from the audience like this.
【Byakkomachi】This is just the start of a new journey, but I plan to continue down this path with confidence and turn our idea into the correct solution.
【Nene】*Nod* We'll be rooting for you.
【Nene】While we're on the subject, Emu, you helped come up with this idea, right? You've only told us bits and pieces until now. Can you tell us more about how you contributed?
【Emu】How I contributed?
【Tsukasa】Yes, since you did just pull off something rather spectacular. I'd also like to hear more about what you did.
【Rui】Me as well. This has everything to do with management, so I'm sure that it wasn't easy.
【Emu】No, it wasn't...
【Emu】It was really challenging. No matter how hard I tried, I struggled to come up with good ideas.
【Byakkomachi】Especially since saving Kikyogumi from being disbanded meant coming up with an idea that didn't hurt their revenue or the quality of their performances.
【Byakkomachi】But none of this would have been possible without Otori's help.
【Emu】No, you did all the work in terms of making it actually possible! I never would've been able to do that all by myself.
【Rui】I see. In other words, you both contributed equally to this idea.
【Nene】And you presented it to the board, Byakkomachi?
【Byakkomachi】Yes, Otori and I did.
【Tsukasa】Together...? Wait, Emu, you were also there?
【Emu】Yup! I helped present our idea to the board!
【Nene】What...?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Emu? Giving a big presentation...?
【Tsukasa】I have to think it went like...
[Sound] se00200_b
[Background Change] bg_d000101
【Emu】Dun da-da-dun! Everybody, eyes on me!
[Sound] bgm00015
【Emu】Today's presentation is going to be so much fun!
【Emu】Because I came up with an idea that's gonna make everybody smile from ear to ear!
【Emu】And I'm sure it'll make the entire board smile in the same way!
[Background Change] bg_d004001
【Rui】Upbeat and cheerful is what comes to mind.
【Nene】S-Same...
【Tsukasa】Was there any trouble...?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Byakkomachi】She was visibly nervous before we got started, but she ended up doing an incredibly good job.
【Byakkomachi】She presented all of the key points in a very digestible and dignified manner.
【Nene】Digestible and dignified...?
【Byakkomachi】But she also did a good job of making an emotional appeal. The board responded very well to that.
【Byakkomachi】She got them to hear her out and think about our idea seriously, and moved their hearts in a fairly obvious way.
【Tsukasa】Emu? Giving a moving speech...?
[Sound] se00200_b
[Background Change] bg_d000101
【Emu】Everyone! What Kikyogumi needs to worry about the most right now is being wonderhoy!
[Sound] bgm00025
【Emu】They should be putting on wonderhoy performances that make everyone feel really wonderhoy...
【Emu】As long as they do that, then I'm sure this plan will end up succeeding!
【Board Members】Wonderhoy... Yes, I'd forgotten all about that sensation...
【Board Members】Me too. We used to be all about making people feel wonderhoy.
【Emu】Then, so that you don't forget again... Let's all remind ourselves what it really means to feel wonderhoy!
【Emu】Ready?! One, two, three!
【Emu】Wonderhoy!
【Board Members】Wonderhoy!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d004001
【Tsukasa】I-I see...
【Rui】I have a feeling that what really happened is starkly different from what we're imagining.
【Nene】Way different. There's no way we're right.
【Emu】What's wrong, you guys?
【Tsukasa】Ah, sorry. We just don't seem to have the imagination necessary to accurately predict what actually happened...
[Sound] bgm00180
【Nene】Yeah. But the fact that you actually convinced the board with your presentation is really amazing...
【Emu】Actually, I have to thank my brothers for that.
【Nene】Your brothers?
【Emu】Yup! I wanted to give a moving presentation that made our intentions clear.
【Emu】So, I asked them to train me!
【Rui】I see. We had no idea.
【Emu】Hehe♪ I knew that I had to learn how to sooner or later... And I practiced giving it a bunch of times.
【Nene】I see. You really did your best, huh...?
【Tsukasa】*Nod* It's still hard to imagine how you actually pulled this off, but the results you achieved speak for themselves.
【Rui】I agree. I'm also glad that your hard work ended up paying off, Emu.
【Nene】Nice work, Emu.
【Emu】Thanks, you guys...!
【Emu】I'm gonna work even harder moving forward... To learn more about management, and get better at giving presentations too!
[Sound] bgm00000
