【Momoi Airi — Solo Show Strategy Meeting!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Solo Show Strategy Meeting!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Dear Me, From Back Then
scenarioId: 007019_airi01

[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] One month before the solo show
[Caption] Rental Meeting Room
【Airi】Now, about today's meeting...
【Airi】Saito gave me the final layout for the venue the other day, so I'd like to have a discussion about that.
【Minori & Shizuku】Okay!
【Haruka】Here, we can use this space.
【Airi】Okay. Thanks, Haruka.
[Sound] se00122
【Shizuku】So... What's changed?
【Airi】Where the equipment's going to be placed on the right and lefthand sides of the stage. It looks like they're going to be placed more towards the edges.
【Minori】Oh, that means we'll be able to use almost all of the stage!
【Haruka】And it'll make it easier for us to see everyone sitting in those sections.
【Airi】Yeah, the equipment's pretty big too. I like the idea of moving them since they'd sorta dominate the show if you're sitting right next to them.
【Airi】However, going forward with this means we're gonna need to rethink how we perform certain songs.
【Minori】Wait, why?
【Haruka】Oh, that's right... Our second song...
【Shizuku】Our second song? Um... Oh, are you talking about the interlude...?
【Minori】Huh? I still don't get it...
【Airi】It's okay, Minori. Lemme explain how things are gonna go when we're actually on stage.
【Airi】For our first song, we're gonna walk around as much of the stage as we can to get a good look at all of our fans' faces.
【Airi】Do you remember where you're supposed to stand at the end, Minori?
【Minori】Yes! Haruka and I are stage left, and you and Shizuku are stage right!
【Airi】Correct. We'll stay in those positions and sing our second song until its interlude. Then, we'll walk out on stage to look at our fans, and meet back in the middle... Well, that was the plan...
【Haruka】And there lies the problem.
【Minori】Huh? So, this is the part you were talking about just now? About changing where the equipment is gonna be placed and how it'll affect the show?
【Airi】Yeah, changing where they're placed will allow us to use more of the stage. You follow me there, right?
【Minori】Y-Yeah...!
【Airi】Because we'll get to use more of the stage, we'll have to physically travel greater distances.
【Minori】Right, so...! Hm? Hang on...
【Minori】I vaguely remember us talking a while back about trying to travel as much as we possibly could for the second song's interlude...
【Airi】Yes, we did.
【Haruka】As a result of these changes, we can't move as much as we initially planned for this part anymore because otherwise we won't make it in time.
【Minori】Wait, what?!
【Minori】W-Wait! What if we ran instead of walking?! Wouldn't that solve the problem?
【Shizuku】Yes, but it may end up taking away from the dance we'll be doing following the interlude.
【Haruka】Yeah. Especially since our original goal was to conserve our energy, build up some anticipation and stun the audience by performing a fun and dynamic dance routine for them.
【Minori】*Gasp* Y-You're right...!!
【Airi】...
【Airi】This is one of the parts we really focused on and practiced a lot for...
【Airi】However...
【Airi】There's no guarantee that what we want to show is what our fans actually want to see.
【Airi】Given those options, I'll always prioritize the enjoyment of our fans over our own objectives.
【Minori】Th-Then... Do we need to change the dance routine after the interlude?
【Airi】That's the easiest solution... But we need to keep the energy going for the second half of our show, so not changing it would be best.
【Shizuku】I agree. So, why don't we try thinking about what else we can do?
【Minori】Yeah! Like... Changing the way we move during the interlude, maybe?
【Haruka】And seeing exactly how much more space we'll have based on where the equipment is going to be moved.
【Airi】Then, we'll be able to measure how much more time we'll need to travel that extra distance.
【Airi】I know! What if we did this?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【Minori】Wait, you wanna extend the interlude?!
【Airi】Yeah. I'm thinking that we can extend the song by looping a part of the interlude. That should give us the time we need to move around.
【Airi】We'll need to test this to make sure it'll work, but it should be okay since it's not that big a change. Plus, it shouldn't affect the other parts of our show much.
【Shizuku】Yes, and if this works, our dance routine should go just as we initially planned.
【Haruka】It's actually pretty common to extend the interlude for a song to give everyone more time to engage with their fans during shows...
【Haruka】And the fans usually end up enjoying these moments.
【Airi】Then it's settled! I'll ask Saito right away to see if this idea will work.
【Shizuku】Thank you, Airi.
【Minori】Okay, lemme jot that down...
[Sound] se00042
【Haruka】What are you writing, Minori...?
【Minori】Hehe. I'm writing down everything I learned during today's meeting!
【Minori】We made these sorts of adjustments to the performance we did for the fan event, but I always seem to learn something new whenever we go through this process.
【Airi】Hey, that's very studious of you.
【Airi】And it's a good idea too since sudden changes can lead to causing a lot of people a lot of trouble...
【Shizuku】But I'm sure our show will go well after holding discussions like this together.
【Airi】Yeah.
【Airi】And if it means putting smiles on all of our fans' faces, then we gotta do everything we can!
【Minori, Haruka & Shizuku】Yeah! Yes!
[Sound] bgm00000
