【Hatsune Miku — Featuring Hello Kitty〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: Featuring Hello Kitty（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 021045_miku01

[Background Change] bg_i000113
[Caption] ???
【Miku】Hey, Kitty! What's that big tree over there?
【Hello Kitty】In Puroland, we call it the Wisdom Tree.
【Hello Kitty】It's where we sing, dance and hold parades for all our friends who come to visit.
【Miku】Ah, so that's why there's a stage at the bottom!
【Hello Kitty】Speaking of friends, where did everybody go?
【???】Come on everyone! Hurry!
[Sound] se00664
【Hello Kitty】Was that just...!
[Sound] se_run_men_002_1
[Sound] se_run_women_002_1
【Rin】Wait for us, Pochacco!
【Miku】Oh! Rin, Len!
【Hello Kitty】Purin!
【Rin】Oh, Miku! You're here too!
【Len】Hehe. We've made some new friends!
【Pompompurin】Your name is Miku, right? I'm Purin!
[Sound] se00663
【Pochacco】Nice to meet you! I'm Pochacco! We've been exploring around the Wisdom Tree with Rin and Len!
【Miku】Purin, Pochacco, it's lovely to meet you both! Thank you for being so kind to Rin and Len!
【Hello Kitty】We were just looking for everyone! Have you seen Melody, Kuromi and Cinnamon?
【Pompompurin】Cinnamon's on that bench over there♪
【Cinnamoroll】Teehee, you're great at giving scritches, Luka. I'm so cozy I might doze off right here in your lap...
【Luka】Hehe, you can sleep if you want. Your ears are so soft and fluffy, they're so nice to pet.
【Miku】Oh, Luka's here too! Does that mean...
【Rin】MEIKO and KAITO are right over there!
【My Melody】And then, I gave out the cookies I baked with Grandma to all of my friends. Except, there weren't enough left for Kuromi...
【My Melody】So I said, “It's okay, you can have my cookie!” And then, Kuromi split the cookie in half and shared it with me!
【MEIKO】My, what a lovely friendship you two have!
【KUROMI】That darn My Mel! She's always so selfish.
【KUROMI】First she offers me her cookie...
【KUROMI】...but then when I try to take a bite she just keeps sighing over and over, like she wanted to eat it so badly! How could I possibly eat it when she's acting like that?
【KAITO】Hehe, so that's why you gave her half.
【KUROMI】What else could I do?! And on top of that, I couldn't break it evenly, so My Mel ended up with a bigger piece than me!
【KAITO】I see. You're very good to your friends, aren't you, Kuromi?
【KUROMI】F-Friends?! Far from it! She's my ultimate rival! I can't stand losing to her...
【KAITO】Really? You would do something kind like that for your rival?
【KAITO】That's really sweet of you, Kuromi.
[Sound] se00089_b
[Sound] se00093_b
【KUROMI】Oh...
【KUROMI】K-KAITO...!
【KUROMI】You're a good judge of character, huh?! Hehehe...
【Hello Kitty】Everyone's become such good friends!
【Miku】Yes. I want to make friends with everyone just like Rin and the others have.
【Hello Kitty】Don't worry, Miku♪ I'm sure you can make friends with them right away!
【Hello Kitty】Hey everybody! There's someone I'd like you to meet!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Cinnamoroll】So your name is Miku? Teehee, let's be friends!
[Sound] bgm00171
【My Melody】My name is My Melody♪ Lovely to meet you!
【KUROMI】The name's Kuromi!
【KUROMI】If there's anything you need to know about this place, just gimme a shout!
【My Melody】But Kuromi, when we were trying to figure out what this place is, you said, “I don't know. Let's stop talking about it.”
【KUROMI】Hm? I don't remember that.
【Miku】Did you all explain that this is a SEKAI formed from a fragment of a feeling?
【Rin】We did! But we weren't sure what kind of feelings it actually came from.
【Len】That's why we've been exploring with Pochacco and everyone to see what kind of SEKAI this is.
【Luka】We've all only just arrived here as well, so we've been chatting to try and get to know each other.
【MEIKO】So we're still not sure what feelings could have created this SEKAI.
【KAITO】Although, this place is nearly identical to Puroland, so I think there must be some connection there.
【Miku】Perhaps this SEKAI was born from the fun and enjoyment all the people who visited Puroland experienced.
【Pompompurin】Whaaat?! Really?!
【Miku】And maybe it also looks like Sanrio Puroland because of the people who wished they could come back to visit again.
【KUROMI】So this place was made from people's feelings... But why all of a sudden?
【MEIKO】Hmmm. Maybe because some exciting event took place in the real world?
【Len】But that would mean... Once the event is over, this SEKAI will return to a fragment?!
[Sound] bgm00000
【My Melody】What will happen when it returns to a fragment?
【Rin】It means we won't be able to play or hang out here anymore, and you and everyone else will be sent back to Puro Village.
【Pochacco】What?! I thought we were gonna get to explore!
【Pompompurin】I wanna keep adventuring!
【KAITO】Don't worry. I don't think this place will be disappearing any time soon.
【KUROMI】But it will someday, right?! And then we'll have to say goodbye to you and everyone?!
【Hello Kitty】It is sad...
【Hello Kitty】But I think getting to meet Miku and all of you...
【Hello Kitty】...and learning how this SEKAI came to be is truly incredible.
[Sound] bgm00231
【Hello Kitty】Because it means so many people created wonderful memories at Puroland, that an adorable SEKAI like this could be born!
【Hello Kitty】And knowing that makes me feel so happy!
【Pochacco】So, we were able to meet Len and everyone thanks to all the people who came to visit Puroland?!
【Len】That's right!
【Luka】Instead of worrying about when the fun will end, let's think of how to enjoy our time together now.
【MEIKO】Yeah! And since this SEKAI is built from fragments of feelings, it's possible more people might be drawn here by their emotions.
【Pompompurin】That means we can make even more friends! Yaaay!
【KUROMI】Sure, that's what you think. But I kinda like where your head's at.
【Cinnamoroll】Yeah yeah♪ We should have fun!
【Miku】Hey, Kitty!
【Miku】Now that we're all together, do you think you could teach us one of your songs?
【Hello Kitty】Of course! Let's practice on that stage over there♪
[Sound] bgm00000
