【Kamishiro Rui — Words Overheard〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Words Overheard（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Backlight, Lens Flare
scenarioId: 016032_rui02

[Background Change] bg_a002303
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
[Sound] se00173_b
【Emu】Seeing the film we helped make together was so much fun!
【Nene】*Sigh* That's all you've been saying for like the past hour.
【Emu】Because it was super duper fun!
【Emu】Also, while we watched, I was reminded of what we had for lunch each day and all the things we had to carry up that big hill...
【Emu】Everything we did all came rushing back☆
【Tsukasa】I could almost smell the sea air when it got to the beach scene.
【Rui】We did make quite a lot of memories working on the film.
【Nene】Yeah, we did. It was really fun looking back while we watched.
【Nene】On the other hand... I got a little anxious when I saw myself appear during that one scene.
【Emu】I found exactly where I was☆ Girl C was right on that bench feeding the pigeons!
【Tsukasa】Naturally, I also checked to see how I did!
【Tsukasa】Only half of my back ended up making the final cut...
【Tsukasa】But I'm more than happy with how we all did!
【Nene】Still, I can't believe we got to be in this film... We should try to make the most of this incredible experience and use it to put on better performances.
【Rui】Yes, I agree.
【Tsukasa】Seeing the scene where we got to appear was significant...
【Tsukasa】But I was even more moved when I saw our names during the credits...!
【Nene】And not just once. We got to see our names twice.
【Emu】On top of the casting credits, you, me and Tsukasa got to be mentioned as production staff!
【Nene】Yeah. And you got credited as “Assistant to Mr. Ohara”, Rui.
【Rui】I did.
【Rui】I didn't actually end up contributing much, but I was happy to be mentioned as such...
【Tsukasa】Wait, you didn't contribute much?
【Rui】Yes, because how we ultimately shot the climax was based on Mr. Ohara's idea. Not mine...
【Rui】It seems that I still have a lot to learn.
【Emu】That's not true! We know you did your best, Rui!
【Emu】I mean, you spent so much time trying to figure out how to make the film better.
【Emu】I bet everyone knows how hard you worked!
【Tsukasa】Yes, I have to agree with Emu.
【Tsukasa】You never shied away from the problem at hand. You thought long and hard about what the answer to that question was, and Bakuno said he was grateful for your efforts.
【Nene】He's right. The fact that you were credited as the director's assistant is proof that they recognize you did a good job.
【Emu】What she said! You were a really good assistant!
【Rui】All of you...
【Rui】I really appreciate you saying that.
【Rui】(Getting to work on the film ended up being invaluable. It showed me just how deep the directing rabbit hole goes.)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】(There's so much that I've still yet to learn, but that excites me greatly.)
【Rui】(I'm going to do everything possible in order to become the best director I can. I'm going to make the others feel proud.)
