【Hanasato Minori — Game Face At The Meeting!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hanasato Minori
Card: Game Face At The Meeting!（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Rise and Strive
scenarioId: 005041_minori02

[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Caption] MORE MORE HOUSE
【Haruka】Okay, the proposals for these streams look fine. Next, let's start talking about that show we're going to be regulars on.
【Minori】Yeah!
【Shizuku】Hehe. You sound so excited, Minori.
【Minori】Yeah! I mean, we get to appear as regulars!
【Minori】Also...
【Minori】I want to do my best so that we can leave the staff we work with feeling glad that they asked MORE MORE JUMP! to be part of this show!
【Haruka】Me too.
【Haruka】We're in a tough spot right now, but...
[Sound] se00053_b
【Minori】H-Haruka, is that true...?!
【Minori】We stopped receiving offers because of ReLight...?
【Haruka】That rumor about Mr. Hiiragi is one thing, and so is the fact that we don't have the backing of a big agency...
【Haruka】But the real problem we're facing right now is that we lack the ability to fight back.
【Airi】Right... We're in a pretty tough pickle.
【Shizuku】In order to get through this, we'll need to give each work opportunity we receive the utmost care.
【Airi】Yeah, and I'm not worried. I know we'll find a way out of this jam.
【Saito】On that note, let's start talking about the segment MORE MORE JUMP! will be running.
【Minori】Our viewers are gonna write to us about their problems, right?!
【Airi】Helping others is exactly what we did with Mr. Nakano during “The Town Revitalization Team!”
【Saito】Yes, but minus helping a town get back on its feet. You'll be dealing with a wide variety of problems.
【Saito】On top of there being no telling what people are going to ask, we still don't know how you're actually going to be helping each sender.
【Minori】Hmm... Right...
【Minori】Oh, this is a little off-topic, but remember the show we did at that elementary school?!
【Airi】Yeah, because it was closing down. You're talking about our graduation show, right?
【Minori】Yup! I've been hoping that we might get to do something like that on this show!
【Haruka】Hehe. Me too. It certainly seems appropriate.
【Airi】Then, let's get down to business.
【Airi】As it so happens, I got a narrowed-down list of possible problems for us to solve from Mr. Nakano.
【Minori】Oh, people have already written in?! But he said he'd give us more details at a later date!
【Saito】The show apparently put out a survey on social media asking, “If you were to ask MORE MORE JUMP! for advice, then what would it be about?”
【Shizuku】I see. What kinds of questions do you think they sent?
【Minori】You gotta tell us, Airi!
【Airi】Alright, relax. I've printed copies for everyone, so lemme pass them out.
[Sound] se00122_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【Minori】Oh, this person said, “I always get so nervous whenever I take a test at school.”
【Minori】Not being able to achieve the results you want because of nerves after studying really hard is pretty demoralizing.
【Haruka】Yeah, and every single test is crucial if you have entrance exams coming up.
【Airi】This person caught my eye. “I got into a big argument with my friend and don't know how we're going to make up.”
【Shizuku】Oh, that one stood out to me as well.
【Shizuku】Because it's going to become very difficult for them to mend their friendship by themselves if too much time passes...
【Airi】Yeah, I really wanna help them somehow...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Phew... Th-That's all of them...
[Sound] bgm00180
【Haruka】We managed to whittle the list of questions Mr. Nakano sent us down to just a few.
【Saito】Thank you for all your hard work! Here, I made some tea. Enjoy!
【Shizuku】Thank you very much, Saito.
【Minori】(That was really hard, but I'm glad we have our list of candidates now!)
【Minori】(Oh, but...)
【Haruka】Is something wrong, Minori?
【Minori】Umm... I was wondering what's gonna happen to these other questions.
【Haruka】Ideally, they'll be saved for later episodes... But we realistically won't be able to help everyone.
【Minori】I had a feeling... Even though they went to the trouble of writing to us.
【Minori】Wait, what if we replied to them during one of our streams?! Would that be possible?!
【Airi】Hmm... We'd have to ask Mr. Nakano about that. Why don't we float it out there when we send him our reply?
【Minori】Wait, you mean it?!
【Airi】I agree with what you said about them taking the time to write to us.
【Shizuku】Me too. I'd like to help as many of them as we can.
【Haruka】We're still in the middle of hammering out the details for this segment, so I'm sure Mr. Nakano would welcome this sort of suggestion.
【Minori】Then, let's take this opportunity to come up with even more ideas!
[Sound] bgm00000
