【Momoi Airi — Service With A Smile〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Service With A Smile（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: From the Marks Left Behind
scenarioId: 007032_airi01

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Airi】*Stretch* It's so nice out today.
【Shizuku】Yes, having dance practice outside is going to feel so wonderful.
【Airi】Yeah, but we have something else to take care of first.
【Haruka】The debrief for the shoot we did the other day?
【Airi】Yes! We need to do that before it slips our minds.
【Airi】Still, to be fair, it's only been three days.
【Minori】I mean, so much stuff happened. First, we were asked to fill in for another group, and then there was that issue with the cameras during the shoot.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a004501
【Arimura】*Sigh* Technical difficulties... Missing forty minutes of footage puts us in a tough situation.
【Minori】I'm surprised this kind of thing happened at a TV studio during a shoot...
【Airi】Me too. I've heard of stuff like this happening, but this is my first time actually being on site as it did...
【Haruka】This is the stuff of nightmares to the camera crew since such a simple mistake can cascade into fairly serious problems for the show.
【Yuika】Oh, I'm not so sure about this now... We're going to sound really phony if we're not careful...
【MYU】The packaging for everything that I brought in has been opened up. Worse, we went through most of what we had. They're in our stomachs now.
[Background Change] bg_a000801
【Airi】Honestly, I didn't know how we were gonna get through that one...
【Haruka】But we managed to in the end. And we have Minori to thank for coming up with a replacement idea.
【Shizuku】Including the producer and the rest of the crew. They couldn't stop thanking you.
【Minori】Hehe...
【Airi】To tell you the truth, Minori, I was a little worried about you then...
【Minori】Huh? Me?
【Airi】Remember how you pulled out all the stops after the break? You really helped get a good thing going for us.
【Airi】So, I was worried that you were feeling crushed after hearing how they didn't record any of it...
【Airi】My plan was to cheer you up as best I could, but I'm glad I didn't have to in the end.
【Minori】Airi...! You were that worried about me...?!
【Airi】No, just a tiny bit. Also, personal space. Quit inching closer like that.
【Haruka】I was also a little worried. After the break, you seemed to do whatever you could to make things more entertaining for the audience.
【Shizuku】Did something happen during the break?
【Minori】Oh, so...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Audience Member Ａ】I was really looking forward to seeing LiLia here today. I mean, that's why I applied to be a member of the audience.
【Audience Member Ｂ】Oh, they're overseas right now. Apparently, they're having trouble flying back due to bad weather.
【Audience Member Ｂ】But I still wish LiLia were here.
[Background Change] bg_a000801
【Minori】There was probably no way we could've made up for LiLia not being there...
【Minori】But I still wanted the audience to go home smiling and filled with encouragement!
【Shizuku】I had no idea...
【Airi】Minori...
【Minori】Hehe. Yes?
【Airi】Why'd you go and do everything by yourself?! Seriously, you should've roped us in!
[Sound] se00585
[Sound] bgm00171
【Minori】Owwy!
【Minori】Airi, that hurts! I was so sure you were going to praise me!
【Airi】I did just a second ago.
【Airi】*Sigh* I was wondering why you were trying so hard. This explains everything.
【Haruka】Still, Airi, there's no point in getting mad at her.
【Airi】I know. But she shouldn't have kept us in the dark!
【Minori】B-But I didn't have time to tell you! Our break ended so fast...!
【Minori】Oh, that reminds me...
【Airi】Don't tell me there's something else you forgot to tell us...
【Minori】Uhh... Y-Yes, there is... So...
【Airi】Our landlady was at the studio?!
【Minori】Y-Yeah. Remember how she was on her way to see a shoot when we helped her? She was there to see another one.
【Shizuku】Hehe. She must love TV just that much.
【Haruka】I guess so...
【Minori】Anyway, she said she overheard what the audience was saying, and was really worried...
【Minori】But I felt so much better after talking to her. I was able to clear my thoughts, figure out what's most important and do my best after the break...
【Airi】Alright, I'm guessing that's everything...?
【Minori】Yes, that's everything!
【Airi】Good!
【Shizuku】Is that why she's taken such an interest in us? Was she inspired by what Minori did...?
【Haruka】Hehe. You might be right.
【Minori】Really? Oh, does that make me the MVP?!
【Airi】She said “might”.
【Airi】(A house meant only for those who can make their dreams come true.)
【Airi】(Our landlady couldn't have asked for a better fit.)
[Sound] bgm00000
