【Akiyama Mizuki — Brand New Style〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Akiyama Mizuki
Card: Brand New Style（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 020030_mizuki02

[Background Change] bg_a001001
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Mizuki】Let's see... Oh, there! I think it's that shop, Ena.
【Ena】Mhm... We finally made it.
【Mizuki】Finally? You hardly even walked from the station. You basically just clung to my back the entire time.
【Ena】But I'm so sleepy... *Yawn*
【Mizuki】*Sigh* I know you felt really inspired to draw, but this is what you get for pulling an all-nighter.
【Mizuki】And you haven't covered up the bags under your eyes very well. Instead of Enanan, people might start calling you Pandanan♪
【Ena】What's with the name? Isn't that actually some kind of plant?
[Sound] se00566
【Mizuki】Oh, good. They don't open for another thirty minutes, but there's hardly a line.
【Ena】Yeah. We might be able to get in right when they open. I can't wait to try their apple pie. It's supposed to be “outta this world”.
【Mizuki】And I think ice cream was the most popular topping.
【Ena】Yeah, but I'm kinda looking forward to seeing how the actual apple pie tastes. I think I'll pass on any toppings.
【Mizuki】Hey, that's pretty rare of you considering how much you care about how these things look.
【Ena】That doesn't mean I'm not allowed to.
【Ena】Also, if it is as good as advertised, I'll need to tell Honami about this place.
【Mizuki】Yeah. She really loves apple pies, right?
【Ena】But she does know about basically every store around Shibuya station.
【Mizuki】On second thought, if she likes checking out what different shops have to offer, then I don't think we need to tell her about...
【???】Hey, Ena and Mizuki are here!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Mizuki & Ena】Hm? Huh?
[Sound] se00171_b
【Ena】Emu! Honami!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Honami】Hello. Are you two also here to get apple pies?
【Ena】Yeah. We were actually just talking about you, Honami. This place is supposed to be really good, so I was gonna tell you about it later.
【Mizuki】Then, right on cue, you showed us that you already knew about this shop♪
【Honami】Yes, I'd heard that a rival of this other apple pie shop started doing business here. I got curious and came to see what it was like.
【Ena】Oh, okay. And I'm guessing Honami invited you to come along, Emu?
【Emu】Yup☆ Apple pies mean a lot to us, and I've really been wanting to go out for some together again.
【Mizuki】They mean a lot to you?
【Honami】Before Emu and I became close friends, we actually bumped into each other at this other apple pie shop.
【Honami】One thing led to another, and we ended up having some together. After that, we began talking more and more.
【Emu】To us, apple pies are like Cupid's arrow if it were meant to make people friends♪
【Mizuki】Really? I had no idea!
【Ena】Then, does this mean friendship Cupid's getting ready to shoot another arrow?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Mizuki】Huh?
[Sound] se00006_b
【Mizuki】*Sigh* That was so good!
[Sound] bgm00180
【Ena】As advertised, it was outta this world.
【Honami】I just couldn't stop eating mine until it was gone.
【Emu】Hehe. I saw the way you smiled after you took your first bite, Honami. Your eyes were all sparkly♪
【Honami】Wait, you were watching?
【Mizuki】Yeah, I don't think I've ever seen anyone look so happy while having an apple pie!
【Honami】You two were also watching?! I-I'm so embarrassed...
【Ena】But I think seeing you smile the way you did made us just as happy. It was infectious.
【Emu】Yeah! And I'm so glad we got to talk so much!
【Mizuki】Yeah, I'm really glad we got to talk too.
【Honami】Thank you for inviting us to join you, Ena.
【Ena】Hehe. You're very welcome.
【Mizuki】By the way, what are you two doing after this? We're planning on doing a little shopping...
【Honami】Oh, I'm sorry. We both have plans after this...
【Mizuki】Aww, that's too bad! Then, next time!
【Honami】Yes, and thank you both very much for today.
【Honami】Emu, I'll see you again at school.
【Emu】Yup! I know we're in different classes now, but I'm hoping we'll still see a lot of each other♪
【Mizuki】Should we also do that?
【Ena】It's not like we were ever in the same class...
【Ena】I mean, we're still working together on stuff for N25, so we should try to keep doing what we have been instead of treating this like a new beginning, you know?
【Mizuki】Yeah, I see your point...
【Mizuki】Then, Ena, let's both keep up the good work.
【Ena】Yeah, okay. Let's.
[Sound] bgm00000
