【Kusanagi Nene — Happy Birthday! 2025〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kusanagi Nene
Card: Happy Birthday! 2025（BD）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 015037_nene02

[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] Nene's birthday
[Caption] Rental Room
【Tsukasa】Wow! What a spacious venue!
【Nene】Hoshino told me about it.
【Nene】It seemed like my place would be a tight squeeze for everyone, but we'll have plenty of space here.
【Tsukasa】Exactly! So, the people coming today are: Saki, Ichika, Honami, Shiho, Hanasato, Azusawa and Shiraishi. Is that right?
【Nene】Yep, that's everyone. I invited Shinonome and Aoyagi too, but they had plans today.
【Robo-Nene】Let's complete the preparations before our guests arrive.
【Emu】We gotta push those long desks together to make a big table, then put up the decorations, right?
【Rui】In that case, I'll handle the balloons. I created a balloon dispensing device just for today.
【Nene】Thanks, everyone. Then—
[Sound] se00048_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【Robo-Nene】It seems there is someone at the door.
【Nene】Huh? But it's still so early...
【Nene】Um... C-Come in—
[Sound] se00045_b
【Nene】W-Wait...
【Nene】Shinonome? Aoyagi?
【Toya】Are you still getting ready? We're sorry to interrupt when you're hard at work.
[Sound] bgm00171
【Nene】What happened? I thought you two had plans and couldn't make it today?
【Akito】Yeah, we're going to a thing nearby. We figured we'd at least show our faces on the way.
【Nene】Oh, right...
【Toya】Especially since you went out of your way to invite us.
【Akito】So... Happy birthday.
【Toya】Happy birthday.
【Toya】We're sorry we didn't bring you a gift. Let us make it up to you another time.
【Nene】Y-You don't need to trouble yourselves with that...
【Nene】But, thank you.
【Akito】No problem. See you.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Your attention please, everybody! The birthday girl, our songstress, is going to blow out the candles!
[Sound] bgm00190
【Nene】It won't be easy now that all eyes are on me...
【Emu】C'mon, do it, do it!
【Nene】Okay... Give me a second...
【Nene】Alright, here I go. *Blow*
【Tsukasa, Emu & Rui】Happy birthday!
[Sound] se00009_b
【Everyone】Happy birthday!
【Nene】Thank you all!
【Minori】Hehehe♪ You have such a lovely smile, Nene!
【Kohane】She does! I managed to get a good photo. I'll send it to you later, Kusanagi.
【Nene】Th-Thank you. I'm a little self-conscious, but I'm looking forward to seeing it.
【Saki】Hey, Nene! Was it you who put up these decorations?
【Honami】All these differently colored balloons look wonderful.
【Shiho】Especially the ones around that sign saying, “Happy Birthday Nene!”
【Nene】Rui put up the balloons, and the sign is Tsukasa and Emu's work.
【Nene】I don't think I would make a sign wishing myself a happy birthday.
【An】Hahaha, true. I guess it might feel awkward doing that for yourself.
【Robo-Nene】I have sliced the birthday cake, everyone. Please help yourselves.
【Minori】Wow! It looks so good!
【Nene】Um, it probably doesn't taste as good as storebought, but it seemed okay when we tried it.
【Honami】You don't mean... Kusanagi, did you bake this yourself?
【Nene】I-I did. Well, Tsukasa and the others helped me.
【Nene】Since you were all coming to celebrate with me, I wanted you to have a good time.
【Saki】Wow! Thank you! I can't believe we're getting to eat homemade cake!
【Shiho】You know, you didn't have to go so hard on your own birthday.
【Ichika】I get why you did it though. Knowing your guests are enjoying themselves makes it a good party for you too.
【Emu】Heh heh heh! Just wait! This isn't the only thing Nene has ready for you!
【Kohane】Wait, there's more?
【Emu】You better believe it! Nene's gonna sing for us all!
【Robo-Nene】Nene has been practicing in the hopes of making today enjoyable for you all.
【Nene】R-Robo-Nene... You're embarrassing me...
【An】What a great idea! Let's hear it, Kusanagi!
【Minori】Wow! Nene's giving a special birthday show! I'll grab a front-row seat!
【Nene】Th-That's a lot of pressure... But I hope you enjoy.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000335
[Sound] bgm00241
【Ichika】Kusanagi, let us say it again.
【Ichika, Saki, Honami & Shiho】Happy birthday!
【Ichika】It was a lovely birthday party. It was clear how much you wanted everyone to enjoy themselves. Thank you so much for inviting us.
【Saki】It was so fun! I wasn't expecting you to entertain us like that on your own birthday! We had such a good time.
【Honami】Maybe we can repay you with a song of our own sometime, like “Happy Birthday” sung by Leo/need.
【Shiho】That's a good idea. Hearing Kusanagi sing was inspirational, and I wouldn't mind showing my gratitude for that.
【Toya】Happy birthday, Kusanagi. I'm sorry I couldn't make it to your birthday. Allow me to make it up to you at school.
【Akito】An and Kohane told me about your party. I had been wondering what sort of party you'd throw, but who knew you'd put all that together yourself.
【An】I had an amazing time! Normally we'd be the ones surprising you as the birthday girl, but you kept throwing us new curveballs!
【Kohane】I can't believe you sang for us. And you took it just as seriously as if you were performing at PXL.
【Kohane】You have such a captivating voice... It's as if there's a whole world unfolding in every song. You really are an incredible singer, Kusanagi.
【Minori】Once again, happy birthday! Your singing is amazing, Nene! I didn't expect to be so moved at your birthday party!
【Airi】Hehe. I'm not one bit surprised that you'd go to such lengths to entertain your guests, Kusanagi. You're a true show performer.
【Airi】Happy birthday, Kusanagi. It sounds like you had a good day, so I'm happy for you.
【Ena】Happy birthday, Kusanagi!
【Kanade】Happy birthday. Ms. Mochizuki was telling me how your birthday was incredible. I wish I could have heard you sing.
【Ena】So you sang on your own birthday...? It's unusual, but it makes sense for you, Kusanagi. I guess you must have been belting it out like you did in that show I saw.
【Rui】Ready, you two? All together now...
【Tsukasa, Emu & Rui】Happy birthday!
【Tsukasa】It truly was a marvelous party, Nene! You left every guest smiling!
【Rui】I was happy seeing so many people turn up to celebrate you. You seemed anxious about whether you'd pull it all off, but it was a roaring success.
【Emu】And it's 'cause you worked really hard to make it happen!
【Emu】You had such a sparkly smile on your face, Nene☆
【Robo-Nene】I agree with that assessment. I would gladly throw a party every day if it meant seeing you smile like that.
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【Nene】Thank you for the birthday wishes, everyone.
【Nene】I thought I wasn't cut out to throw my own birthday party... But I'm glad I did.
【Nene】On top of celebrating my birthday, it was a good chance to show my gratitude to the people in my life.
【Nene】So... Let me say it to you, too. Thank you for always cheering me on.
[Sound] bgm00000
