【Unit Event — Chasing The Sparkle Beyond the Blue Sky】

Event: Chasing The Sparkle Beyond the Blue Sky
Event Type: marathon
Episodes: 8
Outline: Feeling the need for further practice leading up to their solo show, MORE MORE JUMP! decide to do a training camp that doubles as a streaming project. They start doing a variety of exercises under a special program devised by Airi, but something seems to be worrying Minori...

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Airi】Listen up, everyone!
【Len】Huh? What's going on?
【Airi】Guess what...?
【Miku】Wait, does this mean...?!
【Airi】We've booked a venue for our solo show!
【Rin】Whoa, really?!
【Luka】Congratulations! Can you tell us what it's like?
【Haruka】It's this place that's a slight walk from Shibuya station but can hold around 700 people.
【MEIKO】700... That's quite a bit bigger than your last one. It's nice to hear that you were able to book such a large venue!
【Airi】Actually, based on the number of viewers watching our streams, even that might not be big enough...
【Luka】Oh, is that true?
【Airi】Yeah, since Haruka and Shizuku both have a ton of fans. At the same time, a bigger venue means bigger costs, which I'm not sure we can handle right now.
【Haruka】We'd rather not have our first solo show leave a bad impression on everyone.
【Haruka】We plan to hire a staff to help us on the day of, but after much discussion, we decided to do things on a scale that allows everyone to see what we're doing.
【Len】Yeah... It does seem like a good idea to start small and see how everything goes since you're all on your own for this.
【Airi】That being said, we can plan and predict all we want, but there's no way for us to tell what's gonna happen the day of.
【Airi】What if we can't even get 700 people to gather? The possibility of that happening isn't zero, which is a big concern since it'll definitely put us in the red.
【Minori】R-Right... And we have to take responsibility for that if it happens.
【Airi】But we shouldn't be thinking like that right now.
【Airi】Because we should be doing everything we can to get as many people as possible to become fans of MORE MORE JUMP!
【Minori】Airi...
【Minori】You're right! We need to do everything we can for the sake of our show!
【Shizuku】Still, now that we've booked a venue, it feels like our solo show's finally getting off the ground.
【Haruka】I agree. We have that new song Hasegawa wrote for us, so we'll need to practice and refine that and our dance routine for it as well.
【Rin】Wait, does that mean the choreography's done?!
【Airi】Yeah, we finished it a little while ago. Currently, we're practicing it by going through each part.
【KAITO】Ah, okay. If that's the case, I'd love to see what it's like sometime.
【Shizuku】Oh, that's perfect. We came here today to tell you about us booking a venue and to show you all our new dance routine.
【Miku】Wait, really?
【Haruka】Yes, really. We'd like to hear some objective opinions regarding it since we're trying some things that we haven't tried much before.
【Minori】So please feel free to say whatever comes to mind! While we're at it, I'll even show you guys how I've been doing while practicing on my own!
【Len】Okay. We can be like your fans eagerly waiting to see your performance.
【Airi】Hehe. That'd be great. So, let's get started!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00137
【Airi】Okay... What did you guys think...?
【Minori】Did we do okay?!
【Miku】Yeah, more than okay!
【Luka】I agree! You all really shined just now and looked so cute!
【Minori】Oh, thank goodness...!
【Rin】Your solos were really good too!
【Airi】I'm glad you're saying that. However, we know that we still have a lot of work to do...
【Miku】Oh, are you talking about the part just before the chorus when you all shuffle positions...?
【Miku】Normally, you're all in perfect sync, but things felt a bit scattered this time around.
【Minori】I guess it's pretty obvious from the viewer's perspective... I always seem to fall behind a little during that part...
【Minori】I get so caught up just trying to dance that I forget about the timing of each move.
【Minori】And because it's just us at this show, we have to do multiple songs back to back, right?
【Minori】I'm a little worried that I'm gonna have to work really hard just to keep up with everyone else as I slowly run out of gas.
【Airi】Minori...
【Airi】Truth be told, it's not just you. We all seem to be having trouble syncing up in some parts.
【Airi】However, point taken... We're on our own for this show, so we need to figure out how to move better as a unit.
【Haruka】Practice seems like the only solution... But I feel like there's a better answer out there...
【MEIKO】Oh, I might have a good suggestion.
【Shizuku】Really?
【Len】Do you mean...?
【MEIKO】Yes, a training camp♪
【Minori】A training camp...?!
【Miku】Oh, we did that once before when we wanted all six of us to be in sync when we danced together!
[Background Change] bg_s000105
【Luka】It was MEIKO's idea, and it led to big improvements for us♪
【Rin】I remember doing like 100 sit-ups and stuff because I wanted to increase my overall fitness level... And ended up being sore all over the next day...
【KAITO】I also recall us tying our legs together a la a three-legged race and going on a seven-legged excursion.
【Len】We even lined up our sleeping bags and slept next to each other...
【Len】All I could think about that time was how I exhausted I was, but we really started to get on the same wavelength after spending so much time together.
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Minori】I had no idea...! You guys do stuff like that too?! Even though you're all such great dancers and singers already?!
【KAITO】It wasn't easy, but our teamwork improved by leaps and bounds. In that sense, I also recommend MEIKO's training camp idea.
【Haruka】Yes, it's not a bad suggestion...
【Airi】Based on the few I've gone to in the past, they do seem to lead to good results since you can practice literally all day every day without worrying about anything else.
【Minori】I... I want to go!
【Minori】I want to get advice from all of you about the parts that have been giving me trouble while practicing on my own... I want to grow as an idol before our show!
【Shizuku】I'd like to go as well. Especially if it means my singing and dancing skills will improve.
【Airi】Hehe. Sounds like we're all for it. Alright, I say let's give it a go.
【Haruka】We'll need to come up with a good to-do list. Improving our fitness will be a must, but I'm hoping that we'll have a chance to really focus and practice our dance routines.
【Shizuku】Yes, I agree. And if we do actually end up going, it'd be nice to do some things that we don't usually get to do during our regular practices.
【Airi】Yeah, it might be good to include some special activities. Like doing sprints on the beach...?
【Haruka】The beach...? That sounds nice. Not only would it be a good workout, it'd be easy on our joints.
【Minori】Really?! I wanna try doing that!
【Shizuku】Hmm... Are you sure we'll be okay? What if we train a little too hard in the beginning and run out of stamina partway through...?
【Airi】Yeah, we'll want to avoid anything like that, so I agree that we probably shouldn't push ourselves too hard...
【Airi】Oh, what if we streamed everything we do during our training camp?
【Minori】Wait, stream?
【Airi】Yeah, stream. That might actually be the solution to all our worries.
【Airi】For one, it'll help spread the word about our show, which means more people will come to see us...
【Airi】Second, our viewers will be able to support us as they watch us practice. That should motivate us to keep going even when things get tough.
【Haruka】Yeah, I agree with you there... But we've streamed entire practices before. Would they see this as fresh content?
【Airi】Don't worry. I've got that covered.
【Airi】Also, if we do stream it... I have a feeling that some really good “special activities” will come straight to mind.
【Minori】What?! Really?!
【Airi】Yeah! So, mind leaving the planning for our training camp to me?
【Airi】I promise to make it absolutely worthwhile!
【Haruka】Since you're willing to say that, Airi, it's all yours.
【Minori】What do you think our training camp's gonna be like? I can't wait to find out!
【Rin】Me neither! I might just sneak on over to get in a few peeks!
【MEIKO】I'm not sure it'll count as sneaking if you tell them in advance...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】Okay, that should be enough ideas for the stream and training activities.
【Airi】Now to brush things up and make sure we'll actually be able to improve our fitness and teamwork while also providing some fun entertainment for our viewers.
【Airi】And we'll want to do something at the end of our training camp that clearly shows we've achieved some good results. So, we'll need to perform a fitness check at the beginning.
【Airi】Oh, I know...!
[Sound] se00042
【Airi】Yeah, there we go! This plan seems perfect. I'm sure Minori, the others and all our fans will really enjoy...
【Airi】What?! It's two in the morning?! This took way longer than I expected...
【Airi】Still, I think I've come up with a good plan. By doing everything on this list, we should become a tighter unit and be more than ready for our solo show!
【Airi】Our solo show...
【Airi】It was just a dream not too long ago... But we really get to do a show together on our own. As MORE MORE JUMP!
【Airi】So much happened along the way too...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a003401
【Airi】Between putting on our first event and meeting Hasegawa...
[Background Change] bg_a000801
【Airi】Looking back, we went through some really rough patches, but it also led to real growth each time.
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】Minori in particular got an earful from our fans, but she didn't let that get her down. Despite being surrounded by experienced idols like us, she hung in there, worked harder than any of us and made it this far.
【Airi】Speaking of which, this is gonna be Minori's very first solo show...
【Airi】Unlike regular shows, these kinds of shows are just about you, and that's who everyone's there to see. Their passion becomes your power...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001301
【Airi】I remember being so tense my first time, but also really excited...
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】Hehe... It's all coming back to me.
【Airi】To me, it was an unforgettable moment, so this solo show's probably gonna mean just that much to Minori.
【Airi】Which means we should do everything we can to make it the best show ever!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003801
[Sound] se00225
[Caption] Two weeks later
[Caption] Beach
【Airi】Alright, here we go! From the MORE MORE JUMP! Solo Show Training Camp, we're here to bring you...
[Sound] song00004_off_f
【Airi & Shizuku】The nearly 24-hour livestream!
【Haruka & Minori】Yay♪
【Comments】<We get to watch MMJ for an entire day?! You girls are the best!> <Is this an overnighter? The beach looks like so much fun!> <What are you gonna do there?>
【Haruka】Thank you all for tuning in. Our hope is that you'll get to see many different sides of us today, so please enjoy.
【Minori】But we don't even know what we're actually doing yet...
【Comments】<Wait, what do you mean?> <Improvised training camp...?> <Shouldn't you come up with a plan?>
【Airi】Hehehe...
【Comments】<What's Airi up to?> <One of these girls knows more than the others.>
【Haruka】Hehe. I see that some of you have already figured out what's going on.
【Shizuku】We actually had Airi come up with our entire plan for this training camp, including where we'd be going and what we'll be doing.
【Comments】<I knew it!> <She is pretty good at planning and stuff.> <Does this mean Airi came up with a crazy list of activities?>
【Airi】Hehe. You got it. On top of some pretty tough stuff, I've come up with a list of activities that I think you, the viewers, will really enjoy!
【Comments】<Way to go, Airi!> <Can't wait lol> <I'll get my fingers ready for some nonstop screenshotting!>
【Airi】Then, let's jump right in! There's no time to waste at this training camp!
【Shizuku】Right. I can't say for sure if we'll make it through the end, but we promise to do our best and grow as much as we can!
【Minori】But we still don't actually know how we're gonna train.
【Haruka】I'm sure Airi won't disappoint. I'm looking forward to seeing what kind of plan she's come up with for us.
【Airi】Hehe. That raises the bar a bit... But to start things off, I'd like to see what you're all capable of!
【Minori】Wh-What we're capable of?!
【Airi】Hehe. So, here's the big reveal. First, I'd like to have you all ride on...
【Airi】This banana boat!
【Minori】A banana boat...?
【Comments】<Banana boat training...?> <Idols on a banana boat? Sign me up!> <What's a banana boat? How's it different from a regular boat?>
【Haruka】This is the type that gets towed by a motorboat, right? I see these at tourist destinations a lot...
【Airi】Yeah, that's exactly right. I rented it for us just for today.
【Shizuku】Oh, I see. But... What sort of training are we doing with it?
【Minori】I'm puzzled too! Riding it sounds more like a fun activity than training or exercise.
【Airi】Heh heh heh, Riding it is only half of the story. This is where we have... A MORE MORE MISSION!
【Comments】<Woohoo!> <I knew it wasn't that simple lol> <Do you have to do something once you've gotten on?>
【Airi】Alright, allow me to explain as both the producer and presenter!
【Airi】For this training activity, you'll be riding the banana boat one at a time. Then, while you're out on the water, I'll give the signal...
【Shizuku】Give the signal...?
【Airi】I'll give the signal for you to face the camera and hit everyone with a dazzling, idol-like smile!
【Minori】Huh...?
【Haruka】That's it?
【Airi】Yup, that's it.
【Minori】Hmm... This still seems kinda too fun to be true...
【Shizuku】Could it be that there's a surprise involving the boat?
【Haruka】Maybe we're going to get towed so fast that we'll have trouble hanging onto it?
【Airi】This isn't a variety show, so I won't have you do anything like that. If anything, I want this to be as safe as possible, so it won't be going that fast.
【Haruka】She did say that it's meant to be a test to see what we're capable of. It shouldn't be that difficult, right...?
【Airi】Hehe. We'll see. So, without further ado, Shizuku, you're leading us off...!
【Shizuku】M-Me?
【Minori】Oh! Batting first... It's Shizuku!
【Shizuku】I can't really guarantee any good results, but I promise to try my best...!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】I'm ready!
[Sound] bgm00090
【Airi】Okay, you seem set. I'll give them the signal to cast off!
【Minori】Please be careful, Shizuku! A whale might pop out from below to use its blowhole! You never know!
【Haruka】I'm not sure that's going to happen...
【Shizuku】I-I'll do what I can to keep my composure if a whale does decide to pay us a visit...!
【Airi】Alright, settle down. I'm gonna start counting down now. Three...
【Airi's Voice】Two...
【Airi's Voice】One...
【Airi】Go!
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Shizuku】Eep...!
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Minori】Whoa! They're already way over there!
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Shizuku】Hehe. This banana boat's so incredible. I feel like I'm flying across the water.
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Haruka】The wind must feel so nice. At the same time, all seems rather normal...
【Minori】Yeah... Oh, maybe Shizuku's noticed something!
【Minori】Hey, Shizuku! Is everything okay?!
【Shizuku's Voice】Yes! I just saw some fish jumping out of the water! I wish you were there to see them!
【Minori】What?! That sounds amazing! I really wanna go on it now!
【Haruka】Hehe. It does look like fun... But it looks like we don't have to worry about any extra surprises. Which means, this training is about...
【Airi】Hehe. Way to go, Shizuku...
【Haruka】Huh? What's that supposed to...?
【Airi】She seems to be cruising along nicely, so I think it's time we moved on to the mission.
【Airi】Shizuku...! Get ready to turn this way and hit us with an idol smile!
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Shizuku】An idol smile...? Like this?
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
[Sound] se00089
【Comments】<Whoa... Talk about a killer smile!> <I couldn't help but bow to her.> <I don't know what's brighter! The sun or Shizuku's smile!>
【Haruka】S-So many comments...
【Airi】I can see why too. Her smile goes so perfectly with this seascape that she's overwhelming... No, blinding us with her aura.
【Airi】What do you think, Minori?
【Minori】Well... As a huge fan of idols...
【Minori】The way she's gracefully gliding across the water is only adding to her beauty, like she's a water nymph! It's so fitting since “Shizuku” also means droplet!
【Comments】<Minori gets it.> <Can't argue against Minori's stamp of approval.>
【Haruka】And it looks like they all agree with you, Minori.
【Airi】So, Minori, I take it that Shizuku gets a perfect 100 for her dazzling smile...?
【Minori】Yeah! I'd give her 10 billion points if I could!
【Airi】I get how you feel, but I'm not sure we can handle a score of that magnitude. So, let's stick with 100...
【Airi】Anyway, Shizuku, come on back to shore!
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Shizuku】Okay! Mr. Driver, if you will.
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Shizuku】Wow... That felt incredible. Riding on a boat was so much fun.
【Haruka】Welcome back, Shizuku.
【Minori】Shizuku, your smile was unbelievable! It was like you'd somehow grabbed ahold of my heart and wouldn't let go!
【Minori】Wait, we all get to see each other's smiles... Is this a test of how much idol power our hearts can handle...?!
【Airi】What are you talking about?
【Shizuku】I'm still a bit puzzled as to what this activity was about as well. I sort of just ended up enjoying myself.
【Haruka】I think I'm starting to understand what Airi meant by “what we're capable of” if this really is just about our individual idol smiles...
【Comments】<But why the banana boat? Is it really necessary?> <Airi?! Coming up with a botched plan?!> <^^^ There's no way!>
【Airi】Hehe. That's what I like to see. Nice reactions, everyone.
【Airi】But there's nothing to worry about. For now, please sit back and enjoy as we all take our turns. Sound good?
【Airi】So, Haruka, you're up next.
【Minori】*Gasp* I get to see Haruka smiling as she glides across the water...!
【Haruka】I'm not sure that I can match Shizuku's brilliance, but I'll try my best...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Okay, here we go. Viewers, let's count down together!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Airi】Three...!
【Haruka】(Well, I'm aboard... Nothing seems particularly out of the ordinary.)
【Haruka】(But there's no way Airi would ever have us do a meaningless activity. There must be something that I'm still missing, so I'll need to keep my eyes peeled...)
【Shizuku】Two...
【Minori】One!
【Airi】Go!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Haruka】Whoa!
【Haruka】So much force...!
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Minori】Bye, Haruka! Have fun!
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Haruka】(Now I understand...)
【Haruka】(Well done, Airi. What a great idea.)
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
[Background Change] bg_a003801
[Caption] Beach
【Airi】How's the ride, Haruka?! Does it feel good?!
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Haruka】It's great! The water feels really nice as it sprays against my face!
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Shizuku】Haruka seems to be handling things okay.
【Minori】A-At this rate, this really is gonna end up being a test of how much idol power my heart can handle!
【Airi】Hehe. I'm sure our viewers can't wait to see what she has in store for us. Shall we give her the signal?
【Airi】Haruka! Get ready to show us your idol smile!
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Haruka】Okay, here it goes.
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
[Sound] se00089
【Minori】...!
【Comments】<Haruka! Your smile made me asdfkyg@ljk> <Completely stunned.> <Please archive this video. I want to watch this part on repeat forever.>
【Airi】Nice smile, Haruka. Worthy of a poster ad for a soda company I'd say.
【Airi】I'm also seeing comments about it being on par with Shizuku's smile. What do you think, Minori?
【Shizuku】Minori...?
【Minori】Huh?! I-I'm sorry, my heart might've stopped just now!
【Minori】I knew that Haruka looked good wherever she went, but the sea takes the cake! The droplets of water from the ocean spray make it look like she's on a stage surrounded by blue glow sticks! It's so picturesque!
【Minori】I'd love to enlarge it, put it in a big frame and hang it up on the biggest wall in my house so that I can greet her every day! Wait, then it'd be like we're living toge...
【Airi】Okay, calm down. I lost you towards the end there. Mind scoring Haruka's smile for us?
【Minori】Of course, Haruka gets the same score as Shizuku. 10 billion points!
【Shizuku】Hehe. I know how you feel. Her smile really was lovely.
【Airi】Next, Minori, you're up. I hope you're ready to also blow us away.
【Minori】Oh, right... Am I really gonna be okay?!
【Airi】Alright, Minori, it's finally your turn.
【Minori】Y-Yeah!
【Minori】I doubt that I'll be able to match the two smiles that preceded me... But they gave me a big boost of energy, so I'll do my best!
【Shizuku】Hehe. And we'll be cheering for you.
【Haruka】Because you're such a hard worker, Minori, I have one piece of advice for you.
【Minori】Advice?
【Haruka】This actually isn't just about having a good idol smile.
【Minori】Wait, it isn't...? What do you...?
【Airi】Okay, that's enough talk!
【Airi】You seem plenty ready, Minori, so it's time for you to cast off!
【Minori】O-Okay! Minori Hanasato's all set to go!
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Minori】Wait, huh?! I'm having trouble keeping my...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Minori's Voice】Waaahhh!
【Shizuku】Minori?!
【Haruka】Are you okay, Minori?
【Minori】Um... I'm all wet now...
[Sound] bgm00024
【Minori】Wh-Why did I fall off just now?! I thought I was keeping my balance okay...
【Minori】After Shizuku and Haruka made it look so fun too...
【Haruka】It's actually pretty hard to stay aboard that thing...
【Minori】What?! Really?! So, this activity's actually about...?
【Airi】Hehe. I believe it's time to reveal the big secret now that you've all pretty much figured out.
【Airi】Singing and dancing are central to being an idol! And you need strong inner muscles to present yourself in an aesthetically pleasing manner... In other words, you need a really strong core!
【Airi】That's why I decided to have us run a quick test to see where we all are individually in terms of core strength.
【Comments】<Now I get it...> <So, Minori doesn't have a very good core?> <Hang on. You don't really need a strong core just to ride a banana boat, right?>
【Airi】Heh heh heh. This is no ordinary banana boat. It actually has some weights in it that cause the rider to fall right off unless they have the core to withstand the force.
【Minori】What?!
【Shizuku】I didn't realize that...!
【Airi】Wait, Shizuku, you did just fine. Why do you sound so surprised?
【Shizuku】Because I couldn't tell at all... I had no idea that it was designed to do what you just said.
【Haruka】Is it possible that your core was naturally strengthened simply by working as a model...?
【Shizuku】I wonder... Yes, I did quite a lot of core exercises to maintain a good posture...
【Airi】That's just Shizuku for you. She somehow always finds a way...
【Minori】She's too amazing...
【Airi】So, Minori, you're gonna need to focus on strengthening your inner muscles.
【Airi】As many core workouts as we've done during practices and such, you know that yours still needs work, right?
【Minori】Guh... I-I'll keep trying my best...!
【Haruka】Don't worry. As long as you diet and exercise properly, your core will naturally develop over time.
【Haruka】Just let me know if you ever want to hear some tips and tricks. For instance, your muscles tend to get broken down during workouts and you can mitigate that by taking essential amino acids.
【Haruka】I brought some powder that you mix with water for this training camp, so I'll be more than happy to share with you.
【Minori】Really?! Thank you so much...!
【Minori】Essential amino acids...? I've never heard of them before, but I'll drink lots and lots of that stuff if you recommend it, Haruka!
【Airi】More isn't necessarily better in this case... But you're lucky to have such a good trainer by your side.
【Haruka】Also, Airi, you haven't ridden on the banana boat yet. You're not going to avoid riding it by pulling the producer card on us, are you...?
【Airi】Hehe. Of course I'm riding it.
【Comments】<Really?!> <We get to see Airi's amazing smile?!> <Grace us with your power!>
【Airi】You got it! I'm gonna show you all what a real idol smile is!
【Shizuku】Oh, I can't wait to see that...!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Airi】Hehe. I thought the water would be colder. It actually feels pretty nice!
[Sound] bgm00091
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Haruka】Looks like Airi's doing just fine. She hasn't budged at all...
【Minori】*Sob* So, I'm the only one who had trouble riding it...
【Haruka】That's okay. It just means we need to work on your core a little, which we can do during this training camp.
【Minori】Haruka...!
【Minori】Right! I, Minori Hanasato, vow to do my best!!
【Shizuku】Hehe. And we'll be right behind you.
【Shizuku】Now, I believe it's about time we saw her idol smile. This is the camera, right...?
【Minori】Sh-Shizuku, you're holding it upside down! I can handle it if you like!
【Shizuku】Oh, really..? I really appreciate it, Minori. It's all yours.
【Comments】<I thought I was gonna have to do a handstand to watch.> <It's so adorable how Shizuku and electronics don't get along...> <You've got this, Minori!>
【Minori】Thanks! Rookie videographer, Minori Hanasato, reporting for duty! Today, my goal will be to capture Airi's amazing smile! So, Airi, get ready!
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Airi】Okay, got it!
【Airi】Alright, everyone! Are you ready to take a bunch of screenshots?!
[Background Change] bg_s000104
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Minori】Whoa...! Airi, you look absolutely adorable...!
【Shizuku】I agree! It's such a wonderful display of who you are...!
[Background Change] bg_a003801
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Airi】Hehe. I'm just getting started!
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Minori】Huh? What do you mean?
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_001
【Minori】Wait, is that...?
【Minori】Happy Everyday's Happy Wipeout?
【Haruka】Happy Wipeout...?
【Minori】Yeah! Whenever she fell into the pool during a variety show, she'd always make everybody laugh by striking a funny pose on her way down!
【Minori】And she just did the one where the Little Mermaid's chasing after a crab! It's one of her most popular poses and we hardly ever get to see her do it!
【Airi's Voice】Whew! Remember kids, don't try this at home!
【Comments】<I can't remember the last time I saw Happy Everyday's Little Mermaid pose!> <As funny as it was, I'm starting to tear up from the nostalgia.> <First time seeing it. I burst into tears laughing!>
【Haruka】A pose with a punchline. We couldn't have asked for more, Airi.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【Airi】Alright, how was that?
【Shizuku】That was wonderful. You had us laughing all the way through.
【Minori】Yeah! Cute and funny! You're really the best, Airi!
【Minori】And your Little Mermaid pose at the end there was so good. It's a little sad compared to your initial idol smile, I guess? But I also thought it was just like you to add some drama to the mix.
【Haruka】Hehe. It really was a sight to behold. I doubt anyone besides you is capable of that, Airi, and I'm sure our viewers enjoyed what they just saw.
【Comments】<I love how Airi always finds ways to spice things up.> <I knew you had something fun in store for us!> <That was awesome! I'm glad you were on all those variety shows!>
【Airi】Hehe. I appreciate all your comments. It was totally worth the effort.
【Minori】U-Um, so... About that test... I ended up being the only one who needs more training...
【Minori】W-Would it be possible for me to try this again?!
【Airi】What?
【Minori】I probably won't be able to do anything like what Airi did... But I want to keep trying until I can pull off a proper idol smile!
【Airi】That's great to hear...! And I like your moxie.
【Airi】However, we're not gonna cut any corners, so get ready to fully commit yourself to this!
【Minori】Understood!! I, Minori Hanasato, promise to do my absolute best!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] A few hours later
【Minori】*Sigh* I'm exhausted!
【Haruka】Hehe. You did work pretty hard during our special banana boat training session.
【Airi】But you managed to pull off a nice idol smile in the end, so I say, “Mission accomplished!” Plus, I think you got a better idea of how to engage your core and steady yourself.
【Minori】Yeah, I think you're right! The area around my tummy feels kinda twitchy... Like it's gonna be super sore tomorrow!
【Comments】<You did put in a great effort, Minori.> <Your idol smile was really cute!> <I can't believe you even learned how to do a Happy Wipeout!>
【Minori】*Sob* Thank you all for your kind words! I really appreciate it!
【Airi】If I'm gonna be honest, you really didn't have to try doing my Happy Wipeout...
【Comments】<The boat was fun, but so was watermelon smashing.> <Yeah, I liked it when they smashed watermelons too.> <That was an interesting game.>
【Shizuku】Yes, it was. Especially how one of us was only allowed to help the blindfolded person by speaking, while the other was allowed to help them in any other way...
【Haruka】Things got really interesting when Minori was blindfolded. I couldn't talk, and when she made eye contact with Shizuku...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053
[Sound] bgm00090
[Sound] se00227
【Haruka】(Oh no! Minori's moving away from the watermelon! I have to help her!)
【Haruka】(Huh? What's with all these little holes?! They seem to be all over the place around here!)
【Airi】Heh heh heh...
【Haruka】(Oh, Airi dug these to make it more difficult to walk. Unfortunately, I'm not allowed to talk, so I'll need Shizuku to tell Minori somehow...)
【Haruka】(Shizuku, watch out...!)
【Shizuku】(Is Haruka trying to tell me something? What could she be...?)
【Shizuku】Oh, now I see! Thank you!
【Haruka】(Thank...)
【Shizuku】Minori! Haruka says to watch out for the crabs that are walking around!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Haruka】(N-No, not that...!)
【Minori】I didn't realize reaching the watermelon with a blindfold on would be so tough.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Haruka】Fortunately, we managed to figure out a way to guide you to it in the end.
【Shizuku】Exactly! Haruka and I even worked out a system to communicate simply through eye contact.
【Minori】Yeah, your teamwork was amazing! Thanks to you two, we were able to have this really yummy watermelon!
【Airi】Hehe. I'm glad to hear that you all enjoyed it so much.
【Haruka】About that, Airi. How did you come up with this?
【Airi】Oh, I didn't conjure this up out of thin air.
【Airi】A bunch of “blindfold games” exist out there that are all supposed to be good team-building exercises...
【Airi】But I thought it'd be fun to mix in watermelon smashing somehow since we'd be at the beach for our training camp.
【Minori】Really?! I didn't know that!
【Airi】I tried simulating it a few times, but wasn't really sure how it'd go for this. So, I'm really glad it went as well as it did...!
【Haruka】Our training camp also seems to be going very well overall.
【Minori】Let's keep go, go, going! What are we doing next?!
【Airi】I don't mean to be a buzzkill, but we'll be pausing the stream temporarily to take a quick break.
【Comments】<What? You're pausing the stream? But...> <Yeah, you've been at it for a while now.> <I agree. All of you deserve to take a break.>
【Airi】Thanks. I get that parting is such sweet sorrow. However, if you want to put on a good performance, you have to train hard while making sure to recharge along the way.
【Airi】So, we'll be back in about two hours! Stay tuned, everyone! See you then...
【Minori, Haruka, Airi & Shizuku】Bye bye!
[Sound] se00183
【Airi】Whew... Nice work, everyone!
【Minori】That was super fun! But I ended up making so many mistakes...
【Airi】Hehe. That's totally fine since we got some really nice footage along the way.
【Haruka】This is turning out to be a really nice stream. We've been getting plenty of comments too, so let's make the most of this break and...
[Sound] se00028
【Miku】<Great stream, girls!>
【Minori】Wah, Miku?! Wait, you're all here?!
【Rin】<Hehe♪ We were watching your training camp stream in secret!>
【KAITO】<Are your viewers enjoying everything? Also, would it be possible to see their comments?>
【Airi】Hehe. Of course.
【Airi】Why don't we take this opportunity to recap everything that's happened?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003801
[Caption] Beach
【Miku】<This is incredible. They wrote all these comments during your stream?>
【Airi】That's the thing. At first, it was just business as usual, but they started coming in so fast partway through that we were having trouble keeping up.
【Shizuku】And it's clear now that we have quite a few first-time viewers with us.
【MEIKO】<Yes, you're right. This person said, “Airi sort of vanished from the airwaves after she left QT. I had no idea she was doing stuff online now.”>
【MEIKO】<“Shizuku! Haruka! It's been so long! This takes me back to when I was still an active fan. I'm subscribing to your channel right now!”>
【Airi】Hehe. That's so nice of them.
【Haruka】You received a lot of comments too, Minori. This person said, “An A for effort!” And this one said, “This is my first time seeing this girl, but her dedication's really admirable.”
【Minori】*Gasp* I'm so honored...!
【Luka】<Also, look... Even though you've paused the stream, plenty of people are still commenting while waiting for it to resume.>
【Luka】<Some have even said, “I can wait the two hours”♪>
【Haruka】Wow. Despite this being an incredibly long stream, some want to see everything we do during our “nearly 24-hour livestream” in real time.
【Haruka】I know we're here to train, but we should also do everything we can to give our viewers the content they deserve.
【Shizuku】Right! Let's keep giving it our best!
【Airi】Hehe. Sounds like you're more than ready to deliver.
【Airi】So, why don't we end our break here and move on to our next training activity?
【Minori】Now? But we just started our break a second ago.
【Haruka】Also, we told everyone that we'd be taking a break for two hours.
【Airi】Aren't all of you forgetting something really important?
【Airi】We can only practice the dance routine for our new song when our viewers aren't watching, right?
【Minori】Oh, that's right! We still have to keep that a secret!
【Haruka】Then, why don't we try taking a video? That might make it easier for us to objectively analyze everything.
【Airi】Yeah, great idea!
【Shizuku】Oh, Miku, would you and the others mind playing the audience for us?
【Miku】<Sure! We're gonna get super hyped♪>
【Rin】<And we'll let you know if we notice anything, so good luck, girls!>
【Minori】Thanks! We'll do our best to get it right!
【Minori】Maestro, start the music...!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00137
【Airi】Shizuku, you're just slightly out of position! Try to keep that in mind when we shuffle around!
【Shizuku】Okay!
【Haruka】(Next up is the toughest turn in this entire routine.)
【Minori】(This part's been giving me so much trouble... I've got to tense my supporting leg to keep steady and then...)
【Airi】Yeah, that's it! Your core is looking solid, Minori!
【Minori】Whoa, I did it...! Alright, let's keep going!
【Haruka】(After this, Shizuku and I are supposed to swap positions. We almost ran right into each other the last time we practiced together in SEKAI, but...)
【Shizuku】(Oh, she's making eye contact with me...! Just like during the watermelon smashing activity...!)
【Shizuku】(That means...!)
【Airi】Nice! That was a really smooth transition, you two!
【Minori】(Wow! It's crystal clear that our training's already paying off! This is incredible...)
【Minori】(Wait, no! I fell behind going into the chorus!)
【Minori】(C-Calm down! Just try to relax and get back into the rhythm...)
【Minori】(Whoa...! The way Haruka moved her hand just now was so pretty...!)
【Minori】(I wanna learn how to do that too. That means I have to keep doing everything I can for our solo show...!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【Miku】<Girls, that was unbelievable!>
【Minori】It was?!
【Luka】<Yes, it really was! What you showed us in SEKAI the other day was nice, but this was spectacular♪>
【KAITO】<It's like you all figured out how to move as a cohesive unit.>
【MEIKO】<I have to think that your training's already paying off, no?>
【Airi】I thought the same thing!
【Airi】However, there's probably still room for improvement, so let's see what the video can tell us.
【Haruka】Right. I'm curious as to how I looked just now, so let's all sit close and watch it together...
【Airi】Yeah, I'll play it now! Squeeze in, everyone!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00183
[Sound] bgm00137
【Shizuku】Oh...! We all seem to be in sync from the start.
【Minori】But during the chorus... Here! I sort of messed up this part...
【Minori】It's so obvious when you watch it on video. And the part when you gracefully move your arm, Haruka, mine looks so heavy and clunky...
【Haruka】Oh, for that part, I try to imagine myself gently reaching up towards the sun to pluck it out of the sky.
【Minori】Pluck the sun out of the sky...?
【Haruka】Yeah. There are some tricks involved with doing that, such as engaging your core, but I'm sure you'll figure it out in time for our show as long as you keep practicing.
【MEIKO】<I agree. You've improved so much since we met the other day. Even that big turn went really smoothly for you.>
【Minori】*Sob* Thank you two so much!
【Minori】But I know I still need to practice more and more, and how mistakes like these can't happen during our very first solo show!
【Airi】Hehe. Right. So, let's keep doing what we can to really master this!
【Airi】That includes all of us, not just Minori. There's stuff for each of us to work on, so we'll need to do our best to make those fixes.
【Shizuku】Right! I'll have to try my best to keep up with Minori.
【Haruka】So, what's our next step? We could try breaking the routine into parts to examine things closer. How does that sound?
【Airi】Yeah...
【Shizuku】Oh, before we do, mind if I get something to drink? I sorta already ran through what I brought.
【Shizuku】I was thinking about checking out that cafe nearby. Actually, why don't we all go there together...?
【Minori】Oh, the place that was selling tropical juice? I've been wondering about it as well after seeing the sign they had out front!
【Miku】<Tropical juice? That sounds yummy...>
【Rin】<Yeah, I bet it's perfect for when you're at the beach! I wanna try it too!>
【Airi】Then, why don't we get you some after our training camp's over?
【Rin】<Really?! I can't wait to try it♪>
【Airi】Hehe. Alright, let's take a quick break and grab ourselves some tropical juice.
【Minori】Yeah! Let's all...
【Minori】Oh, actually, I think I'll pass. Go on ahead without me!
【Shizuku】Huh? But... I thought you also wanted to try their tropical juice, Minori.
【Airi】If you're thinking about practicing by yourself, we'll be splitting up for individual work later, so there's really no need for you to push yourself right now.
【Minori】Oh, okay!
【Minori】Still... I feel like I'm gonna lose my concentration if I don't work on it now. So, I'll go get some later!
【Haruka】We can't force you to take a break, but you really should take a quick breather at some point. Also, we can go buy some juice for you...
【Minori】Wait, really?! Thank you so much!
【Shizuku】Hehe. Then, we'll see you in a bit.
[Sound] se00407
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Len】<Whoa... The ocean looks so pretty when you're this close.>
【Airi】Oh, that's right. You guys haven't really had a chance to soak in the scenery yet.
【Luka】<Yes, it's nice to stop for a moment to actually do that. If I were over there with all of you, I'd probably have dived into the water already to celebrate how summery it is.>
【Haruka】I definitely understand how you feel. Yes, we got to ride on that banana boat, but we haven't really gone swimming yet.
【Airi】Well, to be fair, Minori and I got to after going for a dunk during our turns...
【Haruka】Oh, you're right...
【Rin】<No fair! You and Minori got to go swimming!>
【Airi】I kinda doubt going for a relaxing swim was on Minori's mind at that time.
【Shizuku】Especially since she was doing everything in her power to succeed.
【Haruka】Right. And now, she's probably working on everything we just mentioned about our dance routine.
【Miku】<Are you sure she's not pushing herself too hard...?>
【Airi】Yeah, I get how you feel. I mean, it's her very first solo show and it's just around the corner.
【Len】<Oh, right. Out of all of you girls, Minori's the only one who hasn't done a show like that before...>
【Airi】Exactly. And it's going to be a very special moment for her since your first time only happens once during your life...
【Airi】On top of that, Minori's lifelong wish has been to become an idol, so this is her dream stage.
【MEIKO】<Right... And performing in a solo show is one of the most significant milestones for a new idol.>
【MEIKO】<As such, I suppose it's only natural for her to want all the hard work she's put in up to this point to bear fruit.>
【Shizuku】That reminds me of my first solo show. I remember how my heart began pounding so hard when I stood on stage that I was worried others would hear it...
【Haruka】Me too.
【Haruka】However, I also remember having a strong desire to sing and dance in a way that made it so everyone in the audience enjoyed the show.
【Airi】Yeah, totally! It's really hard to put that feeling into words, but it's completely unforgettable.
【Airi】(Talk about a blast from the past... I remember being so focused on making sure our show succeeded that I'd stay late to practice every single day.)
【Airi】(After we were done practicing as a group, I kept working on stuff, checking how I looked in the mirror and making fine adjustments because I'd convinced myself that absolutely no mistakes would be allowed.)
[Sound] se00053
【Airi】(So... Minori's probably feeling the same way right now.)
[Sound] bgm00000
【KAITO】<Airi?>
【Airi】Sorry, guys... On second thought, I'm gonna go check up on Minori! I'm sorta worried about her!
[Sound] se00228
【Haruka】A-Airi...?!
[Background Change] bg_a003801
[Caption] Beach
【Airi】(Okay, let's see how Minori's...)
【Minori】Huff... Huff...
【Minori】Careful of what your fingertips do... Stretch out your arm like you're about to pluck the sun out of the sky...
【Minori】Hmm... I'm still not getting it right... Is it because of how I'm moving my arm?
【Minori】Haruka made it look so pretty, but it feels so clunky whenever I try to do what she did...
【Airi】(Oh, she's still worried about the part during the chorus...)
【Airi】(Out of all of us, she really has the best work ethic...)
【Minori】Okay, one more time...
[Sound] se00227
【Airi】Hey, Minori. Working hard?
【Minori】Huh?! Airi?! You're back already?!
【Airi】I got a bit worried, came back to check and saw that you were practicing...
【Minori】Y-Yeah... It's our very first solo show, so I really don't want to disappoint everyone who's coming to see us.
【Minori】So, I thought that I should do everything I can to prevent that!
【Airi】I see...
【Minori】Oh, I know! Would you mind taking a look at this part, Airi? It's been giving me a lot of trouble.
【Minori】Also, if you could tell me about anything else you think seems off...
【Airi】Sure, but... You know I can be pretty tough, right?
【Minori】Y-Yes, I know! I'm prepared for anything!
【Airi】Hehe. In that case... Show me!
【Minori】Okay!
【Minori】And lock my arm into place...!
【Airi】(Yeah, not bad... Her arm's in a nice, visible position. Must be because she worked on it so much on her own.)
【Minori】Next, move like water flowing along...
【Airi】(This is the part she's worried about the most. When we're supposed to stretch our arms up towards the sky during the chorus...)
【Airi】(Huh? What she just did. It looked like...)
【Minori】Like this? I'm trying to stretch my arm out more and more...
【Airi】...
【Minori】So, that's where I'm at... How'd it look?! Did I do okay?!
【Airi】Well, you have everything down in terms of the actual dance routine...
【Minori】I do?!
【Airi】But your presentation leaves a lot to be desired.
【Minori】What?!
【Minori】But... I thought I had it right...
【Airi】I'll give you that you've been working really hard, Minori. You've been trying to figure out what you're doing different as your dance and make changes accordingly, which is admirable.
【Airi】However, just copying what we do isn't always the right answer.
【Minori】Huh...? Copying what you do...?
【Airi】Ah, you must've been doing it subconsciously.
【Airi】Regardless, you seem to be heavily influenced by the way Haruka dances...
【Minori】Oh...
【Minori】J-Just now, I thought about how pretty Haruka looks when she does that part...
【Airi】Oh, you...
【Airi】You're just like me when I was just starting out.
【Minori】Huh? Like you, Airi...?
【Minori】Does that mean you've also tried copying others?
【Airi】Yeah, but in my case, I did it deliberately.
【Minori】Really...?! That must mean you were trying to copy someone who was really good.
【Airi】Actually... I'm not so sure about that.
【Airi】If anything, I might've been the better one at singing and dancing.
【Minori】Huh? Then, why did you...?
【Airi】Probably because she possessed something that I didn't...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Something that you didn't possess...?
【Airi】Yeah, for the longest time... I always wanted to be an idol who shined on stage.
【Airi】But that was when I'd just become a trainee...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b002201
【Airi】I thought I'd punched my ticket... I got an audition to become an idol trainee and believed I was on my way towards achieving my dream.
【Airi】I ultimately passed and began thinking, “Just watch! I'm gonna become the best idol!” Then, everyone started paying attention to this other girl.
【Photographer】Okay, that should do it. This one looks really nice.
[Sound] bgm00018
【Airi】Thank you very much. I'll be looking forward to working with you again!
【Airi】(I had no idea that you took promo pics like this...!)
【Airi】(I practiced in front of the mirror a ton last night, so I sure hope it did turn out okay. As much as I'd like to ask, a rookie like me probably isn't in any position to...)
【Young Staff Member】Did you hear about the girl that won the Grand Prix for the Cheerful * Days audition? The one for their third generation.
【Mid-level Staff Member】Heard and saw. She's absolutely gorgeous and has this amazing aura about her. I have a feeling that she's going to get to do some modeling or acting work on top of being an idol.
【Young Staff Member】You think so too?! She's doing a shoot here tomorrow, right? I can't wait to meet her.
【Airi】(Oh, I knew that they were auditioning, but didn't realize someone like her had won...)
【Airi】(Cheerful * Days is this agency's flagship group, so winning the Grand Prix has to mean that she's out of this world...)
【Female Staff Member】Hey, did you see that girl from Cheerful * Days? Grand Prix winners just have this thing, you know? I mean, she was head and shoulders above all the other trainees!
【Airi】...
【Airi】(Today's shoot was supposed to be about the trainees... And yet, all this commotion about...)
【New Staff Member】Shizuku Hinomori, right? I made sure to immediately memorize her name after I heard the news! I'd also love to meet her, but do you think she's still here...?
【Female Staff Member】She's still practicing at the theater, so you should still be able to see her. I'm sure you'll know who she is just by her incredible aura!
【Airi】(Oh, the theater's just right there...)
【Airi】(If we're both aiming for the top, we'll probably end up becoming rivals. Also, if she's garnering this much attention already, I should try seeing her at least once.)
【Airi】(Alright, in that case...!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001301
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Cheerful * Days Theater
【Airi】(Here I am...)
【Airi】(Are they taking a break right now? I ended up deciding to sneak in for a quick look, but where is this Hinomori girl...?)
【Airi】...!
【Airi】Is that the girl who won...?
【Airi】(Whoa... It's hard to believe someone like her even exists...)
【Airi】(It's like she's radiating with beauty... She really is nothing like the others...)
【Airi】(Can I really make it...?)
【Airi】(Is it possible for me to survive in a world with people like her in it...?)
【Airi】(No, this is day one. Why am I being so negative?)
【Airi】(This isn't about if I can or can't make it...)
【Airi】(Being an idol is all about having heart!)
【Airi】There you are! You must be Shizuku Hinomori! The winner of the Grand Prix for that audition, right?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003802
[Caption] Beach
【Minori】You went through the same thing, Airi...?!
【Airi】I honestly couldn't believe it myself. I always found my eyes gravitating towards her on their own.
【Airi】Some people are just born with that sort of talent and power.
【Minori】Yeah... Shizuku... And Haruka... It's like everything they do makes them sparkle.
【Airi】Yeah. Haruka also possesses that power.
【Airi】But back then... I believe something other than having an aura, natural talent or great looks was more important to being an idol.
【Airi】Which is how I ended up convincing myself that I had to see Shizuku and others like her as my rivals. I couldn't lose to her...
【Airi】And I gave every single job absolutely everything I had in order to prove a point. To show that it's important for idols to have heart.
【Minori】Wow, Airi, that totally sounds like what you'd do!
【Airi】Unfortunately, things didn't work out for me. No matter how hard I tried, our agency kept giving Shizuku all the attention, and her fan base grew and grew...
【Airi】I mean, we're talking about someone who literally received three truckloads of chocolates for White Day! If that's not legendary, what is?!
【Minori】Th-Three truckloads?!
【Minori】It definitely sounds like something that'd happen to Shizuku...
【Airi】Of course, that happened because Shizuku also put in the work.
【Airi】As for me, until I became a select member of QT, I wasn't really rewarded for my hard work. Even though I did more than anyone else to get my name out there.
【Airi】Then, I saw Shizuku appearing on TV. That was when I realized how heart alone wouldn't be enough. I realized that you need to possess the ability to dazzle people.
【Minori】Airi...
【Airi】Which was when I decided to switch things up by trying to figure out how to do that, like practicing putting on cuter makeup looks, changing my usual diet and throwing in a little strength training...
【Airi】Be it fashion or cosmetics, I tested out whatever I could in order to give myself that ability to dazzle and awe...
【Airi】Then it dawned on me. I can go my own way...
【Minori】Your own way...?
【Airi】Yeah. For example, Minori, you and I are pretty similar in the sense that neither of us is all that stylish, and we don't have that aura that Shizuku and Haruka do.
【Minori】Guh... I don't think you lack either of those things, Airi, but I certainly do...
【Airi】Hehe. I appreciate the compliment, but you don't have to try to cheer me up. Also, don't put yourself down like that.
【Airi】Because I'm gonna show you a trick right now that's gonna make you look unbelievably cute!
【Minori】R-Really?!
【Airi】Yeah, really. First, start by pretending this beach is a concert venue and you're about to smile for all your fans.
【Minori】Pretend this beach is a concert venue... And smile... Uhh, so...
【Minori】Like this?
【Airi】Is that all you got...?
【Minori】Huh?!
【Minori】U-Um... What if I greeted them and gave a little bow...? Or... I can... Uhh...
【Airi】At this rate, your smile's only gonna reach the people at the front.
【Minori】Oh, you're right...! I have to make it so it reaches everyone here...!
【Airi】Exactly. So, with that in mind, go ahead and give it another try!
【Airi】First, get a good picture in your head. This venue's packed from wall to wall.
【Minori】This venue's packed from wall to wall...
【Airi】Then, you hear some people on the second deck shouting something after going all out for a big dance routine.
【Airi】How would you reply to them in that situation...?
【Minori】The second deck...? I-I'd...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】I can hear you! Thank you all so much!
【Airi】Yeah, that's it!
【Minori】*Gasp* My hands! The way I waved them just now...!
【Airi】Precisely. You waved them differently, right? It's clear that you wanted them to hear you.
【Airi】And it wasn't just your hands. You even went on your tippy-toes for a split second during your delivery to make certain that you reached them. Did you notice...?
[Sound] bgm00039
【Minori】Oh, now that you mention it...
【Airi】It was really just for a split second, but it's a great expression of who you are, Minori. A girl with an amazing work ethic and a ton of energy! It makes me want to see more of you!
【Minori】S-See more of me...?! They'll really think that...?!
【Airi】Hehe. That's right. And this isn't the only way. There's plenty more where that came from.
【Airi】For instance, it's not just about how you appear on stage. The little things you do as you dance and stuff also matter a lot.
【Airi】Yes, everyone's eyes tend to gravitate towards the people who exude a brilliant aura, but there's a way to redraw their attention.
【Minori】H-How?!
【Airi】You just gotta be honest and show everybody that you want to be seen.
【Minori】That I want to be seen...?
【Minori】Oh, wait. Sort of like what I just did? I wasn't quite trying to be “seen”. More like “noticed”.
【Airi】That's exactly what I'm talking about!
【Airi】It's less important to show and tell, so to speak, than it is to communicate with your audience. What you did just a second ago is a good example of that, Minori.
【Airi】What to do when you make eye contact with someone in the crowd while dancing also comes to mind. Knowing how to deal with those kinds of situations can also make a big difference.
【Minori】While dancing...? My eyes usually hover around the seats in the back, but I guess I don't actually look at anyone, huh?
【Minori】What do you usually do, Airi?
【Airi】Well... I usually wink whenever I make eye contact with someone.
【Airi】It's my way of thanking them for looking towards me!
【Minori】*Gasp* If my favorite idol ever did that for me...
【Airi】Hehe. It's like an arrow through your heart, right?
【Airi】It's the best feeling in the world. And after that, you just gotta dance like you mean it!
【Minori】Yeah...! So that's what you meant by communicating with the audience.
【Airi】Yup. For our first example, Minori, all you did was smile a little while looking straight forward.
【Airi】But when you thought about reaching the people on the second deck, you lifted your chin and stuff to make sure they heard you, no?
【Airi】And they're looking right back at you...
【Minori】...
【Minori】Oh, right. So if I want my smile to reach everyone in the crowd...
[Sound] se00089
【Airi】Yeah! That's really cute!
【Airi】You're guaranteed to get everyone's attention now!
【Minori】Hehe... I did a good job.
【Airi】So, think you got it...? This is “my way”...
【Airi】A way that lets even idols that don't have much of an aura really shine!
【Minori】Yeah, you gave such a great explanation! It's so amazing how you came up with this all on your own, Airi...
【Minori】Oh! But... Is it okay for someone like me to learn about such an incredible trick...?
【Airi】Of course it is.
【Airi】I mean, if teaching you a little trick like this leads to you becoming even cuter, then I couldn't be happier.
【Minori】Airi...
【Airi】At the same time, how you present yourself can also change based on the kind of message you want to send your audience, as well as what sort of idol you want to become.
【Airi】So, it's best not to see this conversation as the end-all-be-all with regards to being an idol. Moving forward, Minori, I want you to discover the best way for you to shine.
【Minori】The best way for me to shine...
【Minori】Okay...! I'll take what I learned from you today, Airi, and keep trying more and more!
【Airi】Hehe. And I'll be right there with you!
【Shizuku】It looks like Airi's advice worked...
【Haruka】Yeah. You were right, Shizuku. I'm glad we let Airi take care of this.
【MEIKO】<Hehe... Now I'm really looking forward to seeing your show.>
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003803
[Caption] A few hours later
[Caption] Beach
【Airi】Thank you all for watching!
【Airi】That concludes the second half of our training stream!
【Comments】<I can't believe how much your dancing improved!> <I'm so excited about your solo show now!> <Can you girls do a night stream for us?>
【Airi】Hehe. Well, we may or may not be doing a surprise night stream later on, so stay tuned!
【Comments】<Oh no! I won't have time to take a bath!> <Please archive this!> <^^^ They said they'd archive everything a little earlier.>
【Haruka】And a special thanks to all those who stayed with us in real time for the whole stream.
【Minori】We'll see you guys again real soon. Until then, everyone...
【Airi, Haruka, Minori & Shizuku】Good night!
[Sound] se00183
【Airi】Nice work, everyone! The second half went really well...
【Shizuku】It wasn't easy, but I'm glad we all hung in there until the end.
【Minori】Me too! However, after working out and doing stuff all day... I'm exhausted...
【Haruka】Hehe. Then, let's start recovering by taking a nice dip in the hot springs.
【Minori】Oh, yes! I've been looking forward to that ever since I heard that they had them here!
【Airi】Alright, you can all go on ahead without me. I'm gonna stay here and take a look around.
【Shizuku】Is there something you need to do?
【Airi】I'm just going for a walk. This might be my only chance to go for a stroll along the beach at night, you know?
【Haruka】Okay... In that case, we'll go on ahead without you.
【Airi】Sure thing! Have fun at the hot springs!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Airi】Yeah... This is nice. The sea seems so much more mysterious at night.
【Airi】And this breeze feels really great... It might've been fun to play with some fireworks during our stream...
[Sound] se00228
【Shizuku】Airi!
【Airi】Hm? I thought you went to the hot springs with the others.
【Shizuku】Yes, I was... But I felt like joining you after you said you'd be going for a walk.
【Airi】Hehe. Uh, okay? As long as you're fine with that, I guess.
【Airi】Still, isn't this a beautiful view...? What we saw at dusk was also nice, but I really love seeing the sea at night.
【Shizuku】Yes, so do I. I have a feeling that more than a few people would really enjoy it if we were to stream what we're seeing now...
【Airi】Hey, I was just thinking the same thing! Let's see what Haruka and Minori think once they get back from the hot springs!
【Shizuku】Okay!
【Shizuku】Also, I can't believe how well our stream went. We made it into the rankings for something, right?
【Airi】Yeah, I couldn't believe it either. It was only for a second, but we flew up the charts for our streaming platform!
【Shizuku】Hehe. We have you to thank for picking out where we'd be staying and coming up with all these fun training activities, Airi.
【Airi】I appreciate it, but I really didn't do anything all that special. Our stream did so well because all of you made it so.
【Airi】As far as training goes, it probably felt good in the end because you all made a real effort.
【Shizuku】Yes, we all put in a great effort! When we rode the banana boat, smashed watermelons...
【Shizuku】Oh, speaking of which... Just a little earlier, when we were streaming our dance training, Minori really surprised me...
【Airi】Hehe. Oh, that time...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a003802
【Airi】Alright, this is today's final training activity! We gotta dance like we mean it and show everyone just how far we've all come!
【Minori】Right!
【Airi】(I hope Minori remembers what we discussed a little earlier...)
【Airi】(If she figured out how to put it into practice... She's gonna shine just that much brighter!)
【Minori】Think about who you want to reach...
[Sound] bgm00096
【Shizuku】(Minori...?)
【Airi】(Yeah, that's it...! Just keep that up through the chorus and...)
【Haruka】Huh...?
【Shizuku】(Is Minori...? Yes, this is different from how she normally moves...!)
【Shizuku】(It's like she's brimming with energy...)
【Shizuku】(And looking somewhere very far away... But where...? Beyond the camera...?)
【Shizuku】(Oh, what if she's trying to see everyone who's watching us...?!)
【Airi】Beautiful...
【Airi】(She's trying so hard to reach everybody that it's causing her to shift her center of gravity forward and tilt off her axis.)
【Airi】(The way she's dancing is probably the most unrefined I've seen up to this point... But at the same time, she looks...)
【Shizuku】(I don't quite understand why, but she looks...)
【Shizuku】(So cute...!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003803
[Sound] bgm00024
【Shizuku】Everyone really seemed to enjoy the way Minori danced that time.
【Airi】Hehe. Yeah! A ton of them even left comments saying, “I think Minori and I just made eye contact!”
【Shizuku】I had a feeling that Minori was looking into the camera at everyone watching while I was dancing next to her.
【Shizuku】That must've been because of the advice you gave her. By the way, what did you tell her?
【Airi】I just told her about something from my past.
【Shizuku】Your past...?
【Airi】Yeah... I told her about this trick for bringing out the most cuteness in me that I thought of when I was still a trainee.
【Shizuku】Really...?! That explains why Minori was so dazzling.
【Shizuku】A trick for bringing out the cuteness in you... I'm sure it's very effective since you're the one who came up with it, Airi.
【Shizuku】Would you mind teaching it to me sometime?
【Airi】Sure, but I'm not really sure that it'll do you much good.
【Shizuku】It won't? Why not?
【Airi】Minori and I are pretty similar, but nothing like you, Shizuku.
【Shizuku】Huh...? Are we that different...?
【Airi】Yes, we are. It's why we have to think differently in terms of how we move our bodies when we dance. It even applies to how we each sing and speak.
【Airi】For example, look... Your hands are completely different from mine.
【Airi】Yours are spindly and elegant... While mine...
【Airi】They're round... Like manju, you know?
【Shizuku】...
【Airi】Which is why the little trick for me and Minori is...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Shizuku...?
【Shizuku】Please... Don't say things like that. I like your hands just the way they are, Airi.
【Shizuku】Because they're so kind and gentle. You use them to pull everyone in the right direction, and I'm sure Minori felt the same way today... Also...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001301
【Airi】Here's a towel. Now dry those tears, already. A pretty face like yours should have a smile on it.
【Airi】We're in this idol thing together now. But don't think I'm gonna let you beat me, Shizuku!
[Background Change] bg_a003803
【Shizuku】Even when I was feeling so awful, Airi, you were there to give me not just that fluffy towel but also the courage to stand back up.
[Sound] bgm00017
【Shizuku】That's why I like your hands so much. They're so kind, gentle and soft...
【Shizuku】So please, don't forget the fact that your hands have given others quite a bit of courage.
【Airi】Shizuku...
【Airi】I really wasn't expecting you to say anything like that...
【Shizuku】I'm saying this because I've been looking up to you ever since we were still in training.
【Shizuku】During dance lessons, the trainer had to keep pointing out all the mistakes I was making... While you always seemed to be able to learn a dance right away.
【Shizuku】It became clear to me that you practiced more than anybody else, and I thought that was really cool...
【Airi】You thought I was cool...?
【Shizuku】Yes, and there's more. Whenever we worked together, you were always very kind to the staff and kept a close eye on the audience.
【Shizuku】I greatly admire your incredible work ethic, Airi. So, it doesn't matter if it's about just your hand, I won't tolerate any put-downs of you, even from you yourself!
【Shizuku】Because... I've always been your fan.
【Airi】Shizuku...
【Airi】Thanks... I always appreciate your kind words.
【Airi】You've also been a source of encouragement for me, Shizuku.
【Shizuku】Huh...? I encouraged you...?
【Airi】Yeah. I was bothered for the longest time about not having a stronger aura  ... But I realized later that being an idol involves more than just that.
【Airi】I mean, even someone like me was able to inspire hope in others. Also...
【Airi】The idol that I really admired... The idol that I thought I'd never be able to reach... She's saying that she's my fan.
【Shizuku】Airi...
【Airi】Which is why, Shizuku, I can't thank you enough...
【Airi】As much as I struggled, I was able to keep going because you were there as my beacon. You were who I was chasing after.
【Airi】I was able to make it this far because of you, Shizuku. So, from the bottom of my heart, thank you...
【Shizuku】No, I should be thanking you for being so kind.
【Shizuku】You're one of my favorite idols, Airi, as well as my role model...
【Shizuku】You've been that ever since the day we met...
【Airi】Hehe... I guess that means we've been inspiring hope in each other this whole time.
【Shizuku】Next, let's spread that hope to our fans.
【Airi】Right. We have to tell everyone just how much we appreciate them during our solo show...
【Airi】And do our best to inspire more and more hope in more and more people!
【Shizuku】Yes!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003801
[Caption] The next morning
[Caption] Beach
【Airi】Okay, how's this camera angle...?
[Sound] se00028
【MEIKO】<Good morning, Airi. You're up awfully early.>
【Airi】MEIKO! I could say the same for you. Are the others already awake?
【MEIKO】<No, they're still asleep. I was wondering if you were setting up an early-morning prank, so I came to take a peek.>
【Airi】H-How did you know...?
【MEIKO】<Oh, I was right? I suppose I have been to a few more training camps and been an idol for longer...>
【Airi】Nothing gets past you...
【Airi】Also, it's not really a prank per se... I just thought that I could whip up a nice, healthy breakfast for everyone.
【MEIKO】<Oh, that sounds lovely! Does that mean you're going to be doing a cooking stream?>
【Airi】Yeah. Initially, I thought it would've been fun to make dinner together yesterday and stream it...
【Airi】But I didn't feel too great about having everyone do that after a long day of working out. So, I decided to do a breakfast stream on my own.
【MEIKO】<Oh, I see. You're always being so kind.>
【MEIKO】<At the same time, this is you we're talking about, Airi... This isn't going to be any ordinary breakfast that you'll be streaming, will it?>
【Airi】Hehe. Bullseye! I have something special planned for our viewers at the end of our cooking segment!
【MEIKO】<Something special?>
【Airi】Hehe. The rest you'll just have to find out by watching, so I hope you get a chance to join us!
【MEIKO】<Oh, that's just making me even more curious!>
【MEIKO】<Now I'm really looking forward to seeing what you have planned♪>
【Airi】Alright, the camera's all set, so let's... Start!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] song00004_off_f
【Airi】Good morning, everyone! Do we have any early birds in the house?
【Comments】<Yes! An early-morning stream!> <I didn't know when you'd be back, so I've been waiting this entire time.> <Is it just you, Airi? Are the others still asleep?>
【Airi】Hehe. Thanks, you guys. I really appreciate you joining me at this time.
【Airi】And yes, the others are still asleep.
【Airi】The thing is... I've decided to whip up some breakfast in secret for them!
【Comments】<Oh, breakfast cooked by Airi. I bet it'll be a healthy, balanced one.> <I think I'll make myself some breakfast too.>
【Airi】Oh, nice! Let's cook together!
【Airi】First, I'll be frying up some slices of salmon. As for prep... I'll be using these ones that I put in a light salt and sake marinade fifteen minutes before this stream began.
【Comments】<Way to go, Airi! She's always prepared!> <Fifteen minutes is pretty long. You'd have to turn your cooking stream into a talk show to fill that gap.> <Does the place you're staying at not offer a complimentary breakfast?>
【Airi】Oh, the plan we picked for the cottage we're staying at did include a breakfast option.
【Airi】But I decided to not choose it since I saw that there was an outdoor kitchen, which seemed much more enjoyable.
【Airi】Oh, my frying pan seems just about ready, so let's start cooking these up. Now, a word of precaution...
【Airi】There's a lot of fat under the skin, so be mindful of the oil that drips off and spatters as it hits the surface of the pan. Remember, everyone, safety first!
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_002
【Comments】<Yeah, the skin's always tricky to deal with.> <It's interesting how there's so much fat there and not so much in the actual meat.> <Do you guys like to eat the skin or set it aside?>
【Airi】Oh, I'd like to know what you guys like as well! As for me, I really love salmon skin!
【Airi】And look at that! They're coming along really nicely. Now, I'll be turning off the stove to let them rest a bit, while I bring over the veggies I just chopped up...
[Sound] se_event_blue_2022_002
【Airi】The ones for the miso soup will go straight into that pot, I can put the salad veggies onto their plates and... Voila! Just like that, two dishes are ready! Easy, right?
【Comments】<That was so fast...> <You're a total pro, Airi...> <I wanna try your miso soup, Airi.>
【Airi】Hehe. You guys are making me blush. Anyway, since we're just waiting on the miso soup now...
【Airi】Here's a special segment! “Let's Make Some Break-A-Leg Smoothies” in the hopes that our solo show succeeds!
【Comments】<Oh, here we go lol> <I knew there was more to this than just cooking.> <Smoothies? Do you mean...?>
【Airi】Some of you already seem to know what's going on. I'll need you guys to write in the comments about which ingredients I bought at random should go into our smoothies...!
【Airi】I'll throw the four most popular ones, along with three of my choosing, into the blender! After it's all mixed up, we'll all drink it together!
【Comments】<Yay! We get to choose!> <Wait, there's no guarantee that our choices will mix well...> <Fruits, vegetables, tofu... There's a lot to choose from...>
【Airi】Hehe. It's more fun when you spice up a cooking segment like this, right? So, let's start by choosing our first ingredient!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00090
【Airi】Okay... That should do it...
【Airi】This looks...interesting. I sorta regret buying the things I did now that I'm seeing what I'll actually be drinking...
【Comments】<You'll be fine! It's full of healthy ingredients!> <You can do it, Airi!> <I can't wait to see how you all react lol>
【Airi】You guys are hilarious...
[Sound] se00368
【Haruka】Good morning, Airi.
【Comments】<Hey, they're awake!> <Haruka, Minori, good morning!> <Whoa, Shizuku's like the sun! Does she always shine so brilliantly every morning?!>
【Minori】Mhm... Morning, Airi... My muscles are so sore... And my tummy...
【Haruka】Huh...? Are you streaming right now?
【Minori】Streaming...?
【Minori】Y-Y-You're streaming this...?!
【Airi】Hehe. Yeah, I am. It's a surprise stream where I make breakfast for all of you.
【Shizuku】Really...?! You're making breakfast for us?! I feel so blessed...!
【Minori】M-Me too!
【Minori】But...
【Haruka】Minori?
【Minori】(I... I should've fixed my bed head first! What if I pressed it down with my hands?! Please work! Please!)
【Comments】<Minori's got mad bed head lol> <Not sure hiding will do you much good.> <Why not just let your hair be for today? Haha>
【Airi】...is what they're saying, Minori.
【Minori】No...! I wasn't expecting this at all!
【Haruka】Still, you got up early to make breakfast for us... We would've helped if you let us know.
【Airi】Then it wouldn't be much of a surprise, would it?
【Airi】For now, let's set that aside... Bon appetit...is what I would say, but I have another surprise laying in wait!
【Shizuku】Oh, there's more?
【Airi】Yup. With the help of our viewers, I whipped up some “break-a-leg smoothies” in the hopes that our solo show succeeds.
【Airi】We'll be drinking those before digging into breakfast!
【Comments】<Can't wait! Let's go!> <What's it gonna taste like...?> <It might not look good, but drinking it will show that you're all committed.>
【Haruka】I can't help but feel a little worried after reading these comments...
【Airi】Oh, relax. Just think of these smoothies as being filled with their love.
【Shizuku】I'm not sure I feel better...
【Minori】S-So, where are these smoothies?
【Airi】Here.
[Sound] se00059
【Haruka】This color... Are these actually drinkable...?
【Shizuku】Um... May I ask what went into these...?
【Airi】Super healthy ingredients that our viewers and I chose.
【Airi】Bitter melons, natto, green chilis, mushrooms... With a mix of sweet fruits picked by me to round out the flavor!
【Minori】Wh-What's this going to taste like...?!
【Haruka】Are you really sure about this, Airi?
【Haruka】But...
【Comments】<I can't believe we got to choose the ingredients.> <Please try it! Hurry!> <I hope it doesn't K.O. them lol...>
【Shizuku】If everyone really did help make these, then we probably should drink them...
【Airi】Exactly. Especially since we made these in the hopes that our solo show will succeed, so we absolutely have to drink them!
【Airi】Right down to the last drop!
【Minori】O-Okay... But I still don't feel great about this...
【Haruka】Here goes nothing...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00298
【Minori】I-It's actually pretty good...!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Haruka】Not quite what I was expecting based on this color. It's hard to call it delectable, but it kind of tastes like one of those flavored protein shakes...
【Shizuku】And if this is good for my health, I'm willing to drink it every day.
【Comments】<Whoa, cool! After putting in so much weird stuff...!> <Honestly, I was expecting it to taste horrible lol.>
【Airi】Hehe. I know some of you out there are a bit disappointed, but I'm actually really glad that these turned out better than expected!
【Airi】(To be fair, I made sure that I'd be able to cover for whatever they chose by adjusting the flavor on my end...)
【Minori】Whew... That was good!
【Shizuku】I feel healthier already after drinking that.
【Haruka】Thank you all very much. I believe we enjoyed it quite a lot.
【Comments】<I guess it's good that they didn't taste bad. Otherwise, we wouldn't have gotten to see your smiles.> <This means your show's guaranteed to succeed.> <That was a great segment! Thank you, Airi!>
【Airi】I'm glad you all liked it  so much.
【Airi】Now, let's have some breakfast. Our training camp stream's about to come to a close, but I hope you'll stay with us until the end! Enjoy!
【Comments】<Oh, right... It's already been 24 hours...> <You did an amazing job, Airi.> <That's because Airi's a genius when it comes to this stuff.>
【Comments】<I'm a huge Shizuku fan, but I see now that Airi's a vital part of MMJ.>
【Airi】(Oh...)
【Comments】<I can't wait to see your next idea.> <Please do another 24-hour stream sometime.> <I wanna see you girls train more!>
【Airi】It's gonna be hard to match this hype, but I promise to come up with more fun stuff for us to do! So stay tuned!
【Minori】Hehe. You really are the best, Airi!
【Haruka】I need to thank you as well. This training camp was so much fun.
【Airi】Don't thank me just yet... We still haven't had breakfast.
【Airi】So, let's get going! Shizuku, serve the rice into the bowl. Haruka, you're on tea duty. And you carry everything out, Minori. This is a team-building exercise! We gotta move as a unit!
【Minori】Whoa, Airi's in drill instructor mode!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】(Until just recently, I was certain that I'd never be able to be an idol and do stuff like this ever again.)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001301
[Background Change] bg_a003801
【Airi】(If the girl from back then were to see me now, she'd probably feel pretty disillusioned and say, “This isn't what I wanted!”)
【Airi】(But I couldn't be happier with what I have now because I have true friends by my side. Friends who recognize me for who I am...)
[Sound] bgm00091
【Shizuku】Does this look like a good amount of rice for everyone?
【Haruka】Yeah, that's perfect. The tea's also just about ready, so I'll carry it over now.
【Minori】Okay, I'll carry the rice Shizuku's serving for us! Oh, I need to engage my core since we're still training...!
【Airi】(It wasn't all roses and sunshine, but I know now that none of my efforts went to waste.)
【Airi】(So, moving forward...)
【Minori】Airi! The food's all ready!
【Airi】Thanks... Alright, everyone, good work for making it until the end.
【Airi】After everything we did, the world's our oyster now. That just leaves practicing as much as we can until the day of our show...
【Airi】Let's make it the best solo show that anyone's ever seen!
【Shizuku】Airi...!
【Minori】Yeah! Let's keep doing our best until then!
【Airi】Hehe. Anyway, let's have breakfast. We need to work as a team here too, so stay focused until the end.
【Airi】Put your hands together and get ready to...
【Minori, Shizuku, Airi & Haruka】Dig in!
[Sound] bgm00000
