【Yoisaki Kanade — Lifelike〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Yoisaki Kanade
Card: Lifelike（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Imprisoned Marionette
scenarioId: 017005_kanade02

[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Diner
【Mizuki】Great work, everyone! We finally uploaded our new song!
【Ena】Hang on, Mizuki, who said you could run the show?
【Mizuki】Aw, what does it matter? Meeting together like this really drives home the fact that we've just finished a new song I can't help but feel happy about that♪
【Ena】We literally just met up the other day, though
【Kanade】Because not much time has passed since our last song.
【Ena】Exactly! We've been creating quite a bit of buzz online because of that.
【Mizuki】The song we uploaded previously is still receiving a lot of views, huh? The one Kanade composed with the lyrics Mafuyu wrote.
【Kanade】Yes. It looks like that song is on its way to becoming the video with the most views out of N25's videos.
【Mizuki】Which means Mafuyu's lyrics really struck a chord with a lot of people out there, then♪
【Mafuyu】I see...
【Ena】I don't understand how you can be so nonchalant about this. Did you see all those comments saying they identified with the lyrics or that it made them think deeper?
【Mizuki】You read comments that aren't about your drawings, Ena? I'm impressed!
【Ena】Can you shut up?
【Kanade】Did you read the comments, Mafuyu?
【Mafuyu】I did. But I don't know how to feel about them.
【Mafuyu】I'm not like you, Kanade. I don't make songs because of other people.
【Kanade】I see...
【Mizuki】Well, I personally enjoy reading enthusiastic comments about my video editing, I guess?
【Ena】Me too. It cheers me up when I see someone complimenting my art. You've never felt like that before, Mafuyu?
【Mafuyu】Felt like what?
【Ena】You know, that someone understood the idea you were trying to convey with the lyrics...something like that?
【Mafuyu】I...don't know.
【Mafuyu】How did you feel about the lyrics, Kanade?
【Kanade】Me?
【Kanade】...
【Kanade】I felt...relieved.
【Mafuyu】Why?
【Kanade】Someone commented on the latest song about how they were encouraged by listening to it, despite its dark theme.
【Kanade】When I saw that comment...I felt relieved.
【Kanade】Because my music has hurt someone before, so...
【Ena】Kanade...
【Mizuki】I see...
【Mizuki】Very good! Clearly, everyone has their own way of interpreting the comments we received!
【Mizuki】What about you, Mafuyu? Managed to grasp anything?
【Mafuyu】I...
【Mafuyu】I still don't know.
【Kanade】It's okay. Take your time to keep looking.
【Kanade】I think you'll gradually start realizing things as you do. Things like how you feel about the comments you read.
【Mafuyu】...
【Kanade】I won't give up until you find it, too. So let's look for it together.
[Sound] se00011
【Kanade】Oh...
【Mizuki】Your stomach just growled, didn't it?
【Kanade】I think I haven't eaten anything yet today.
【Ena】What? Again?
【Ena】I know you're concerned about helping Mafuyu get back on her feet, but show some concern for yourself too, okay?
【Kanade】Okay...
【Mizuki】Hey! The fries are here! Let's dig in together♪
【Kanade】Yes. Thank you. Let's eat.
[Sound] bgm00000
