【Shinonome Akito — It's About The Journey〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Shinonome Akito
Card: It's About The Journey（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Happy New Year! Lion Dance Robot's New Year's Show!
scenarioId: 011023_akito01

[Background Change] bg_c000101
[Caption] New Year's Eve - Early morning
[Caption] Weekend Garage
【An】*Yawn* I'm so sleepy... I might just doze off...
【Kohane】I'm still a little sleepy too...
【Toya】As am I. It's rare for any of us to get up this early for anything...
[Sound] se00006
【Akito】Good, you're all here.
【Akito】(Fortunately, our team doesn't include any snoozers like Ena.)
【Akito】Hey, where's Ken?
【An】He's doing one final check of all the luggage. He said he's bringing some sound equipment along.
【Akito】I see.
【Akito】You guys look sleepy... Do you have everything you need?
【An】Yeah. Kohane and I have our matching fluffy socks, so we should be good...
【Akito】Your what...?
【Kohane】You seem totally awake, Shinonome. Aren't you sleepy at all?
【Akito】Oh, I usually go jogging around this time, and I went for a run earlier this morning.
【Kohane】What?! This morning...?!
【Akito】I get anxious if I don't run.
【An】Whoa. You're just like Haruka.
【An】I thought I was more or less a morning person, but four in the morning still feels super early.
【Akito】But we're not about to sing or anything, so why don't you guys just sleep during the drive over?
【Akito】Also, it's not like we're gonna perform right when we get there.
【An】Yeah, since we're not actually performing until later tonight. My dad said we can go skiing and stuff while he and his friend get everything set up!
【An】Oh, we're leaving the next day, but he also said that we'll have some time to hit the slopes before we go.
【Kohane】Hehe. I'm really looking forward to that, but I'm also a little worried about actually being able to ski...
【Toya】Me too. I feel both anxious and excited at the same time.
【Akito】Anxious? Because you've never skied before?
【Toya】Yes. In particular, if I'll be able to stop myself... And how high the chairlift is going to be...
【Akito】Oh, the chairlift...
【An】Yeah, they do go pretty high up...
【An】But braking won't be an issue! Akito and I can teach you that.
【Akito】Yeah, you'll be fine.
【Toya】Thank you. I appreciate it.
【Kohane】Yeah, I really appreciate you guys teaching us!
【An】Of course!
【An】Oh, also! My dad asked if there were any rest areas that you guys want to stop at.
【An】We're probably gonna take a few breaks along the way, so it'd be nice to stop somewhere fun, right?
【An】Apparently, some have a really good breakfast service and others have public foot baths!
【Akito】A good breakfast sounds nice. I grabbed a quick bite before I came over, but I'm starting to get hungry again after running.
【Kohane】A foot bath sounds really nice too! Especially since it's gonna be cold where we're going.
【Toya】A foot bath? That may also be a first for me.
【An】Hehe. There's even a website with info about popular rest areas, so let's check it out later!
【Akito】That's great and all... But aren't you all forgetting our main objective?
【An】No, we haven't!
【An】However, since we're all going together, I feel that we should have a good time along the way!
【Toya】I agree. We took the train when we went camping, but we have a car this time.
【Toya】I'm hoping to see some new sights on our way over.
【Kohane】Me too! Hehe. Do you think there'll be a chance to take a photo of the sunrise?
【An】Oh, I think I remember seeing a rest area where you can get a really great view of it!
【Akito】So many stops.
【Akito】(Still, the stops we made during our camping trip ended up being fun and refreshing.)
【Akito】(And there's no real point in whining while we wait to get to our destination...)
[Sound] se00006
【An】Oh, there's Dad! I think he's all finished.
【Akito】Alright, one last time. Do you have everything you need?
【An】Yup! I mean, worst case scenario, we can still perform as long as we're physically there♪
【Toya】Hehe. True...
【Akito】If you say so... Anyway, let's go.
【Kohane, An & Toya】Yeah! Yes.
[Sound] bgm00000
