【Hinomori Shizuku — The Same Dango As That Day〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hinomori Shizuku
Card: The Same Dango As That Day（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: The Moon Rabbit & Us
scenarioId: 008010_shizuku01

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Airi】Okay, Shizuku, we'll leave the planning for our moon viewing stream up to you.
【Airi】Good luck!
【Shizuku】Thank you, I promise to do my best!
【Minori】We're really doing a moon viewing... I've never had many opportunities to actually do one, so I can't wait!
【MEIKO】Oh, you haven't?
【Minori】Well, I've made dango with my family before, but we never really did much more than that...
【Airi】Oh, I see.
【Airi】We usually just bought a bunch of traditional sweets and made an event out of it, so that was usually pretty fun.
【Airi】After I started learning how to cook, my dad, big sister and I began making dango from scratch.
【Minori】Oh, that's so cool!
【Shizuku】You really are an incredible cook, Airi.
【Airi】Hehe. If you want any help with dango dishes, just ask me!
【Haruka】I'm sure you'll get that chance to show us your skills.
【Shizuku】Yes, they're going to be invaluable!
【MEIKO】Do either of you have any nice moon viewing memories, Haruka, Shizuku?
【Haruka】I'm in the same boat as Minori, so I can't say that I do.
【Haruka】However, I've sort of celebrated through some segments of TV programs and events where I interacted with my fans.
【Minori】Oh, I remember watching those!!
【Haruka】Hehe. Thanks, Minori.
【Haruka】But in terms of normal moon viewings, I didn't do much other than trying to see the rabbit on the moon when I was little...
【Shizuku】Oh, Shii and I also used to do that when we were little!
【Shizuku】I even remember Shii trying to stretch up as high as she could to feed some dango to the rabbit on the moon.
【Shizuku】She even kept wondering if they were eating dango like we were during our moon viewing parties, so she seems to value them quite a lot...
【Minori】Haha. That's so cute of her!
【Shizuku】Yes, she really is! I wish I could just show you...!
【Airi】Okay, okay, maybe later.
【Haruka】But what about you, Shizuku?
【Shizuku】Me? Well...
【Shizuku】One time, during this moon viewing party we had during kindergarten, I made rabbit-shaped dango with Shii.
【Minori】Rabbit-shaped dango? That sounds adorable!
【Shizuku】Yes, they turned out very well. Shii was actually the one who showed me how to make them.
【Airi】She showed you?
【Shizuku】Yes, we started out in different groups, but we ended up making them together...
【Shizuku】Unfortunately, some of the other children kept telling her that she should follow the teachers' instructions.
【Airi】Yeah, it's pretty natural to believe everything grown-ups say when you're little, but your sister's so creative!
【Shizuku】She really is. Which is why I wanted her to make her dango just the way she likes.
【Shizuku】Sadly, she ended up all alone and I drifted back towards her without even thinking about it.
【Shizuku】That was when I asked her if we could make them together.
【MEIKO】Hehe. That's so adorable♪
【Minori】Yeah, it really is! You can even tell how Shiho's personality hasn't changed since she was little!
【Shizuku】Yes, she's still a bit of a lone wolf, but she's always been a very strong individual.
【Shizuku】(But...)
【Airi】Shizuku?
【Shizuku】Oh, uh... It's nothing.
【Shizuku】Anyway, thank you all so much! It was so nice to hear about all of your wonderful memories♪
【Minori】Yeah, this was so much fun!
【MEIKO】It might even be nice to talk about these experiences for one of your streams♪
【Minori】Oh, you're right...! It's not every day that you get to hear about what an idol was like when they were little...!
【Minori】I wanna hear more and more about what you were like, Haruka!
【Airi】Can't you just ask her yourself?
【Shizuku】But I see what you mean... It doesn't have to be just us either. We can ask our fans about their childhoods too.
【Haruka】Oh, that's a good idea. We can make an event out of it through the comments sections.
【Airi】Yeah, we've pretty much got this one in the bag!
【Shizuku】Yes, and thanks to all of you, I have a feeling that it'll go over very well with everyone...!
【Shizuku】(It's unfortunate that I won't get to do a moon viewing with Shii...)
【Shizuku】(But our childhood memories may just come in handy for this stream.)
【Shizuku】(I have to keep doing everything I can for our viewers on the other side of the camera...)
[Sound] bgm00000
