【Otori Emu — Panda Rider〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: Panda Rider（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: It's On! Wonder Halloween!
scenarioId: 014006_emu02

[Background Change] bg_d000301
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
【Emu】Hum hum huuum, hu-hu-hum♪
【Emu】Are we the first to arrive? I guess it's only natural that no one would be here at such an early hour!
【Mascot】It is as you have said.
【Mascot】Miss Emu, practice doesn't start for a while. Why have you chosen to come so early?
【Emu】Hehehe, because I couldn't sleep at all when thinking about what happened the last time♪
【Mascot】The last time?
【Emu】I'm talking about the Halloween show, of course!
【Emu】Director! We have remarkably many visitors lining up today!
【Emu】Oh? Excellent! Let's see what sort of demographic it is this time... Huh?
【Emu】Am... Am I seeing this right? Are these creatures...crawling out of graves?!
【Emu】Hehehe, that was me trying to imitate Tsukasa's lines♪ Could you tell? Did I sound like him?
【Mascot】Yes. You had his vocal quirks down pat. I can almost visualize the scene that played out that day.
【Emu】I know, right♪
【Mascot】It was such an enjoyable show, wasn't it, Miss Emu?
【Emu】Yeah! Everyone had so much fun♪
【Emu】Last year was fun too, but this year was so much more fun!
【Mascot】(Miss Emu is very kind to say that, but...)
【Mascot】(Because of our inadequacies, we were unable to help her accomplish what she really wanted to do last year.)
【Mascot】(But this year...)
【Emu】This year was just full of awesome events, wasn't it?!
【Emu】It started with me finding Tsukasa during his part-time job interview...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000101
【Tsukasa】Allow me to take my first steps to stardom on one of your stages, and I shall repay you with a plethora of incredible shows the crowds will fall in love with!
【Emu】Did someone say incredible shows?
【Emu】Hehehe☆ Found someone good!
[Background Change] bg_d000301
【Emu】Then we got everyone together to throw Tsukasa a fantastic welcoming party♪
【Emu】And then we found Rui performing his drone puppet show! And then Tsukasa brought Rui here!
【Emu】And then this time, Rui brought a robot along with him! And it was Nene who was controlling the robot!
【Emu】I can still remember how exciting every single event felt♪
【Mascot】Indeed.
【Mascot】(Miss Emu has finally managed to find the troupe members she had always been looking for.)
【Emu】Well, we did fail and fight with each other lots at first, and that made me really sad...
【Emu】But I'm glad I didn't give up back then!
【Emu】Because I didn't give up, so many people are coming to this stage to watch our shows now!
【Mascot】Yes. It certainly coincides with the thrill and enthusiasm felt around the stage during its prime.
【Emu】Yup☆
【Emu】Wonder Stage has an audience of smiling faces again.
【Emu】I think that's why I'm always having so much fun right now. It's like I'm going on an outing every day♪
【Emu】Um... That's why...
【Emu】That's why I really hope that nothing changes, and we can keep the stage here forever.
【Mascot】As of right now, all plans to knock down Wonder Stage have been suspended indefinitely.
【Mascot】If Wonder Stage becomes more popular, I am certain that your family will understand where you are coming from.
【Emu】Yeah, you're right!
【Emu】Now that that's decided, we have to do what we can to make sure it happens♪
【Mascot】I apologize for reporting this late. The zombie robots that were used in the Halloween show will be taking part in today's park greeting activities.
【Emu】Ohhh, that's great! I wonder how everyone's gonna react?!
【Mascot】I believe a test run is being conducted before practice starts today, so some of them may be already here...
【Tsukasa】Gyaaah!
【Mascot】That sounds like...
【Emu】That's Tsukasa! No fair! He must've bumped into the zombie robots already!
【Emu】Great! I'm gonna go meet them now too! Come with me, Mr. Mascot♪
【Mascot】Of course.
[Sound] bgm00000
