【Yoisaki Kanade — A Cup For You〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Yoisaki Kanade
Card: A Cup For You（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Relaxing Tea Time
scenarioId: 017034_kanade02

[Background Change] bg_e000101
[Caption] Kanade's Room
[Sound] se00007_b
【Kanade】Mafuyu, I tried changing the feel of the intro a bit. Would you mind listening to it for me?
【Mafuyu】Okay, I'll—
[Sound] se00120_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【Kanade】Oh...
[Background Change] bg_e000901
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Yoisaki Household - Kitchen
【Kanade】Welcome, Ms. Mochizuki.
【Honami】Thank you for having me over again today.
【Kanade】No, thank you for coming.
【Kanade】Oh, that reminds me. I made some tea but left the cups and teapot out.
【Honami】That's okay. I can wash them and put them away for you.
【Kanade】Thank you...
【Honami】Hehe. I was wondering what that nice fragrance was. So you made a herbal tea?
【Kanade】Yes, I had some leaves left over from the party.
【Kanade】Oh, but Mafuyu was the one who made it today.
【Mafuyu】It's the least I could do since you put on the party.
【Kanade】No, you don't have to repay me for—
【Mafuyu】Also, you still worried me when I was watching you.
【Kanade】Huh? Really...?
【Kanade】But I feel like I can do it on my own now after practicing so much.
【Mafuyu】Yes, you have gotten better.
【Mafuyu】Especially compared to when you first tried making tea. You were wandering around with cups and a teapot in your hands.
[Sound] se00053_b
【Kanade】Let's see... How does Ms. Mochizuki usually prepare tea?
【Kanade】Start by putting a kettle on...
【Kanade】Wait, I think she warms up the cups with hot water... That means I have to boil some water first and...
【Mafuyu】Kanade, why don't you put those cups down for now? You might drop them.
【Kanade】Huh? Oh, right.
【Kanade】Yes, I remember...
【Kanade】Now that you mention it, when I tried to make tea with Ms. Mochizuki, I ended up putting in too many tea leaves because I wasn't sure what the right amount was. And the tea turned out so strong.
[Sound] se00053_b
【Kanade】Huh...? This looks darker compared to when you make this, Ms. Mochizuki...
【Kanade】Wait... I can balance that out with a little more water...
【Honami】M-Ms. Yoisaki! Why don't we have some milk tea this time?
【Honami】Milk goes very well with Earl Grey, so I recommend diluting the tea with that instead of hot water.
【Honami】Hehe. I thought the tea we had that time was very good.
【Kanade】Thank goodness you suggested that we should have milk tea instead, Ms. Mochizuki.
【Kanade】I also found a website that mentioned how you should use milk for certain types of tea and hot water for others...
【Honami】It sounds like you did quite a lot of research in preparation for our tea party...
【Honami】Thank you again for inviting me to it. I had a wonderful time.
【Honami】And the tea you made was delicious.
【Mafuyu】It smelled nice.
【Kanade】I'm glad you had such a good time.
【Honami】That reminds me... I had some of that tea from the party with my family.
【Honami】My mom enjoyed it so much that she ended up making more for me and herself this morning.
【Kanade】Really...?
【Honami】Really! She even talked about adding in some cinnamon and trying a couple of other variations.
【Kanade】(My initial hope was that everyone would have a somewhat enjoyable time at our party...)
【Kanade】(But I wasn't expecting it to have such a lasting effect like this.)
【Kanade】(And Mafuyu also seemed to enjoy herself.)
【Kanade】(So I'm glad we decided to hold that tea party.)
[Sound] bgm00000
