【MEIKO — Talking Coffee Time〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: Talking Coffee Time（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Awakening Beat
scenarioId: 025011_meiko01

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【Kohane】Thank you for lending me so much of your time talking with me like this, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】You're welcome. Come back anytime.
【MEIKO】I'm glad she was able to figure out what her next step needs to be.
【MEIKO】(But it still won't solve her problem.)
【MEIKO】(She has An, Akito and Toya, so I think she'll be fine but...)
[Sound] se00006
【Len】Heya!
【Rin】We're here...! Hm? What?!
【Rin】Is it just you here, MEIKO? Where's everyone else?!
【MEIKO】You mean Kohane and the others? They just left a second ago.
【Len】Nooo! We just sensed that they were here and came running over!
【Rin】*Sigh* I was looking forward to talking and doing stuff with them...
【MEIKO】I'm sorry, you two.
【MEIKO】But our little chat sort of turned into me giving Kohane and An advice about something, so I'm not sure they would've been in the mood to play...
【Len】Hm? It was just Kohane and An here?
【MEIKO】Yes, that's right.
【Rin】What were you giving them advice about, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Hmm... I probably shouldn't tell you behind their backs...
【MEIKO】Details aside, they were concerned about having confidence in themselves.
【Rin】Having confidence in themselves?
【MEIKO】Yes. Kohane in particular seems to have never experienced that feeling of pride or confidence...
【Len】What?! Not even once?!
【Rin】So what happened after they told you? Did they figure out what to do?
【MEIKO】No, not quite. I just gave them some words to think on.
【Rin】But that's it?
【MEIKO】Yes. I mean, how someone feels confident about themselves varies wildly from person to person.
【MEIKO】But I'm sure An, Akito and Toya will help figure out the rest.
【Len】Okay...
【MEIKO】And look at you two. Could it be that you wanted to talk to them about this too?
【Len】Yeah, that and...
【Len】It's just... That's sort of all we're able to do for them, you know?
【Rin】I know, right...? We're always trying so hard to help make their dreams come true.
【MEIKO】Oh? What if I told you that just listening to what someone has to say can make them feel much better?
【Rin】That's true, but we still end up wanting to do something for them...
【Len】Yeah.
【Len】You and Miku are adults, so it's easy for you to watch over everyone. But for us, it's really hard.
【MEIKO】Are you sure? I feel like you've done quite a bit for them already...
【MEIKO】Don't forget that these are also just my own personal beliefs, so you don't need to feel compelled to do exactly what I do. Understand?
【Rin & Len】Huh?
【MEIKO】I believe in what I believe in. You two believe in what you believe in. That's completely normal, right?
【MEIKO】That's why it's also natural for you two to act and think differently.
【Len】So it's okay for us to try and help them more?
【MEIKO】Yes, of course.
【MEIKO】(For them to make their dream come true, I'm sure they'll have to face many different challenges along the way.)
【MEIKO】(We need to be there for them and support them in whatever ways we can.)
【MEIKO】Oh, however... You can't be pushy about it, okay?
【MEIKO】You have to always keep their feelings in mind. Be listeners and not speakers...
【MEIKO】Promise me you'll do that.
【Rin & Len】We promise!
【MEIKO】Hehe.
【MEIKO】And since you're here, would you like something to drink...?
【Rin】Yeah, I'm parched since we literally ran over here! I'd like an orange juice!
【Len】Me too!
【MEIKO】Okay, coming right up.
[Sound] bgm00000
