【Asahina Mafuyu — Tasting Some Serious Squid〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Asahina Mafuyu
Card: Tasting Some Serious Squid（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Whither This Path of Thorns
scenarioId: 018039_mafuyu01

[Background Change] bg_a003901
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - School Festival
[Caption] Gym
【MC】Thank you all for your patience!
【MC】The Kamiyama High Quiz Tournament, brought to you by the Kamiyama High School Festival Planning Committee, will now begin!
[Sound] se00239_b
[Sound] se00239_b
【Mizuki】Yay♪
【Kanade】Almost all the seats are filled... Are we all participants?
【Mafuyu】It seems that way. They've placed little flags under our chairs to use when we want to answer.
【Kanade】Under the chairs...? Oh, you're right. There's a box with flags in it.
【Ena】You can play while seated, so I think a lot of people are partially here to take a break like us.
【MC】Ahem... I will now briefly explain the rules!
【MC】This quiz is made up of ten multiple-choice questions about Kamiyama High! Each one will have four choices! When answering, please raise the flag with the number that corresponds to your choice.
【MC】Only those who answer correctly will be able to proceed to the next question! We ask those who do not to put their flags back under their chairs and cheer the remaining contestants on!
[Sound] se00055_b
【Mafuyu】I suppose you can call these flags, but they're clearly just pieces of construction paper glued to disposable chopsticks...
【Mizuki】You're right... Oh, look at mine. Whoever was cutting totally just eyeballed it.
【Ena】Yeah, the triangle on mine looks kinda crooked too.
【Kanade】I actually sort of like how they have a handmade feel to them.
【MC】I should also mention that each question will become exponentially more difficult as you progress.
【MC】The tenth question is incredibly hard, so we'll be giving out our snack bag prizes to anyone who answers the ninth question correctly!
【Ena】Wait, you don't have to get the last question right to win stuff? That's really nice of them.
【Mafuyu】Or maybe the tenth question is just impossible to get right...
【Mizuki】Whoa, now I'm really interested.
【MC】Now then, let's get this quiz tournament started!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Mizuki】Oh, it's starting.
【Kanade】I'm not sure I'm going to be able to help much, so I'll mostly be relying on you two, Ena, Mizuki.
【Ena】You can count on us! We're students at this school, so we should be able to answer anything they...
【MC】Our first question will basically be a warm-up problem! “How many years have passed since Kamiyama High School was founded?”
[Sound] bgm00089
【MC】Please choose from the four choices that are going to appear on the screen!
【Ena & Mizuki】Uh oh...
【Ena】H-How many years has it been? I vaguely remember it being mentioned during the opening ceremony.
【Mizuki】I also remember hearing it at some point... Uhh...
【Mafuyu】It's #3.
【Mizuki】Huh? You know the answer, Mafuyu?!
【Mafuyu】I helped put together an exhibit about the history of each school in Shibuya as part of my class rep duties, so I'm fairly certain.
【Ena】Then, three it is! Hurry, Kanade, raise your flag!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00190
【MC】Next question! “Which event from Kamiyama High's sports festival always garners considerable acclaim?”
【Mizuki】Oh, I know this one! The cheering competition! So, #1!
【MC】“What did Class 3-D prepare for this year's festival?” This is meant to be a freebie, so please feel free to take a look at your pamphlets!
【Mafuyu】3-D? Isn't that your class, Ena...?
【Kanade】That means the answer's grilled squid, so #2.
【MC】And here's another freebie for you Kamiyama High students out there! “Which teacher is in charge of all the third-years?”
【Mafuyu】Which one is it, Ena...?
【Ena】U-Uhh... Do night school and daytime students have the same teacher assigned...?
【Mizuki】Hey, don't look at me! I'm not even a third-year!
【MC】Alright, here comes the ninth question! This one involves the school song!
【Ena】What?! I don't remember the school song!
[Sound] bgm00000
【MC】Thank you all for participating in the Kamiyama High Quiz Tournament!
【MC】We hope that you were all able to learn a few fun facts about our school! And please do keep enjoying our wonderful festival!
[Sound] se00239_b
[Sound] se00239_b
【Kanade】That was a tough quiz.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Mizuki】Haha. We had to start guessing around the sixth or seventh problem.
【Ena】Yeah, I'm really glad we decided to all give different answers for the ninth question so we could win a goodie bag.
【Mafuyu】But we all would've been able to win goodie bags if you and Mizuki remembered the school song...
【Ena & Mizuki】Urgh...
【Mizuki】S-Still, that final question was so hard!
【Ena】I mean, who knows off the top of their head how many windows there are in this school?
【Kanade】The questions were difficult, but it felt pretty enjoyable even though I'm not a student here.
【Mafuyu】The quiz seemed to be aimed at helping everyone learn a few facts about this school, so I believe they succeeded in that sense.
【Ena】That's your takeaway...? Did you find it fun...?
【Mafuyu】It was a nice break, I think...
【Kanade】Yes, I also feel rather refreshed now.
【Mizuki】That's great to hear! Anyway, what should we check out next?
[Sound] bgm00000
