【Tenma Tsukasa — Dance! And! Sing!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: Dance! And! Sing!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Popping in My Heart!
scenarioId: 013014_tsukasa01

[Background Change] bg_d002001
[Caption] Airport
[Sound] se00004
【Tsukasa】Hm...? Oh, that was quick.
【Rui】What was quick?
【Tsukasa】I just let Saki know that we're in the United States and she already sent back a reply.
【Saki】<Whoa! All the signs and stuff are in English! And it's still light out over there! I can't believe you're actually in America!>
【Saki】<You had me worried for a second when you came running home to grab a change of clothes, but I'm glad you guys made it!>
【Tsukasa】And I'll let her know by saying... <We should be just fine now.>
[Sound] se00183
【Emu】Oh, what did Saki say when you told her about us going to visit the United States?!
【Tsukasa】What did she say? She naturally gave us her blessing and said, “Go learn as much as you can!”
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d001201
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] A few days earlier
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
【Saki】What?! As in the United States of America...?!
【Tsukasa】Yes, I've already mentioned this to Mom, but we'll be going there to visit Riley Dream Park.
【Tsukasa】Of course, to see what their shows are like.
【Saki】Wow, I'm so jealous...!
【Saki】You're talking about THE Riley Dream Park, right? The huge theme park that's always on TV and stuff.
【Saki】I know you're gonna be busy learning about how they do things over there, but do you think you could get something for me?
【Tsukasa】Absolutely! We're supposed to have time to go around the park, so finding a few souvenirs shouldn't be an issue!
【Saki】Yay! Thanks, Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】Also, Saki, I'll only be gone a few days, so try not to feel too lonely.
【Tsukasa】And be sure to do whatever Mom says, alright? Don't forget to brush your teeth, try not to stay up too late and...
【Saki】I'm in high school now, Tsukasa! I'm not a little kid anymore!
【Saki】Honestly, I could be saying the same for you. Be careful while you're over there, okay?
【Saki】You're gonna be jet lagged on top of having to deal with a language barrier.
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah hah! Those are non-issues for a future star such as myself!
【Saki】Are you sure...?
【Saki】Still, you keep saying “future star”, but that future could be just around the corner...
【Saki】I mean, you guys were chosen to become ambassadors for Phoenix Wonderland.
【Saki】I still remember when you went off to that interview to become a cast member like it was yesterday.
【Tsukasa】Audition, not interview!
【Saki】Haha! Yeah, that!
【Saki】But you guys really are amazing.
【Saki】Your troupe was doing tons of shows every day while I was still just thinking that it'd be fun to be in a band.
【Saki】Sure, we've decided to try and go pro together, and even started doing shows at a live house... But we still don't really know how to draw a crowd.
【Tsukasa】Chalk it up to growing pains.
【Tsukasa】We didn't start off on the right foot either. Our first show was a disaster and had to work very hard just to get back to square one.
【Tsukasa】We were scrambling just to do five shows in one day while trying to make as many people as we could smile.
【Saki】You guys went through that too...?
【Saki】Does that mean our band's gonna be able to do what you guys can do if we work hard enough?
【Tsukasa】Of course!
【Tsukasa】You girls have been working diligently every day and even have a set goal in mind! To become professional musicians!
【Tsukasa】I'm sure your efforts will be rewarded. Or rather... It's up to all of you to make it happen!
【Saki】It's up to us...?
【Saki】Yeah, you're right! It's our dream after all!
【Tsukasa】Exactly! So listen up, Saki. “You have to make your own luck, and working hard will help you do that.”
【Tsukasa】Those are the words of a star that I admire and I've taken that to heart!
【Tsukasa】You yourself will have to make your own luck and create your own opportunities because fate is not so kind or generous!
【Saki】Haha. Fate might be pushing it a bit too far.
【Saki】But thanks, Tsukasa!
【Saki】I promise to keep doing my best, so go learn as much as you can, okay?
【Tsukasa】I will!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d002001
【Tsukasa】(Saki's right. I should see, experience and learn as much as possible while I'm here!)
[Sound] bgm00024
【Tsukasa】(And as her brother, as well as someone who's also chasing after a dream, I'll need to set a good example for her!)
【Nene】I knew something was up when he just suddenly clammed up. Look at that dumb grin on his face...
【Emu】Maybe Saki sent him a funny reply?
【Rui】Who knows? Also, we seem to be trailing Emu's brothers by quite a bit now.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Nene】What?! W-Wait for us! I'm not about to get lost just after arriving!
【Emu】C-Come back, Tsukasa! We're gonna get left behind!
[Sound] bgm00000
