【Kagamine Len — Uncontrollable Curiosity〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kagamine Len
Card: Uncontrollable Curiosity（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: The Legend Still Vivid
scenarioId: 023015_len01

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【Len】Alright, see you later!
【Len】Man, I can't wait to see what this venue looks like!
【Miku】It is where RAD WEEKEND took place. The very thing that Kohane and the others are trying to surpass.
【Miku】On top of that, this venue seems to mean quite a lot to both An and Akito.
【MEIKO】True. After all, it's where their dreams and feelings were born...
【Len】Exactly! That's why I'm looking forward to seeing it so much!
【Miku】But all we know so far is that it's not a particularly big live house or anything.
【Len】Yeah, that's right!
【Len】I was under the impression that it'd be this huge place with tons of people because it's being touted as such a legendary event...
【Len】But it's not supposed to be all that different from the live houses where Kohane and the others usually perform, right?
【Miku】That's what I heard as well.
【Len】Which makes it even more amazing, right?! I mean, this place pretty much went from zero to hero!
【Miku】I see your point. No ordinary event would be remembered in such a way.
【Len】But I'm still not really sure how amazing it was.
【Len】Everyone who performed that night had to be absolutely outta this world, you know?
【MEIKO】I'm sure they were.
【MEIKO】But you need more than just performers to put on an event like that.
【Len】Huh? What do you mean?
【Miku】You've seen what the events Kohane and the others usually perform at are like, haven't you? Try starting there.
【Miku】An event isn't just about singers. You need something else to really make it happen.
【Len】Hmm...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_c001201
[Background Change] bg_c001301
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【Len】Oh, are you talking about the staff and crowd...?
【Miku】Bingo.
【MEIKO】We have no way of knowing just what kind of event RAD WEEKEND really was...
【MEIKO】But we know for a fact that events can only happen when everyone works together.
【MEIKO】Singers, songs, lights, an MC to act as a bridge, and an audience to energize. Or in some cases, to receive energy from...
【MEIKO】All of these factors meld together in different ways...
【MEIKO】And only then do you get to see an event start to take shape.
【Len】Seeing an event take shape...
【Len】Hmm... Our goal's usually to make sure the crowd has fun while listening to our songs...
【Len】But that's not enough, I guess?
【Miku】No, that's also important to keep in mind since it's just as much a part of what makes an event “good”.
【Miku】But “legendary” is a different story. What you said likely wouldn't be enough to elevate it to that level.
【Len】Yeah...
【Len】Oh, does this have anything to do with “oneness”?
【Miku】I'd have to say not quite.
【Len】Not quite...?
【Miku】I'm sorry. I know it's not a great answer and it's not like I witnessed RAD WEEKEND firsthand.
【MEIKO】Same. All we can do is imagine what happened.
【MEIKO】The next time you get to see Kohane and the others perform in an event, it might be good to try and see things from a broader perspective.
【Len】A broader perspective...? Now you really got me confused.
【Miku】Also, going to the venue where RAD WEEKEND happened might give you a better insight.
【Len】But what kind of insight?
【Miku】Who knows?
【Len】Ugh, you're no help.
【Len】*Sigh* I wish I knew what you two were talking about.
【Len】I mean, if I don't figure this out, I won't be able to help Kohane or anyone else!
【Miku】They have been growing at a very steady pace.
【Len】No... If this keeps up, I just won't have what it takes to help them! That'd be the opposite of cool!
【Len】That means I need to practice more!
【Len】I get to see a legendary place, so I need to put myself in the right state of mind!
【Miku】Mind if I join you?
【Len】You will?! Thanks, Miku!
【Miku】You're welcome. Shall we?
[Sound] bgm00000
