【MEIKO — Who We Are〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: Who We Are（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Parallel Harmonies
scenarioId: 025037_meiko02

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Luka】Ichika and Saki came up with such an incredible debut single.
【Luka】It embodies both of them... It's the perfect song for introducing Leo/need to the world.
【Miku】I agree. I'm really looking forward to hearing them play it as a band.
[Sound] se00046_b
【Miku】Oh, MEIKO. I thought you were practicing with Rin.
【MEIKO】I'm taking a short break. KAITO is keeping her company for now.
【MEIKO】What are you two doing here?
【Luka】Miku and I were just talking about the girls' debut single.
【MEIKO】Oh, that song? Talk about an incredible piece of music.
【MEIKO】Not only that, compared to their other ones, this felt really new and fresh for some reason.
【Miku】Oh, I think I know what you mean. It must be because they wrote it together.
【Luka】I agree. Ichika said that she'd try to do what we did in terms of turning Saki's thoughts and feelings into music...
【Luka】And she couldn't have achieved a better result.
【Miku】*Nod* Also, something tells me that Ichika was the only person who could turn Saki's feelings into such an incredible song.
【Miku】I mean, she seemed so determined to make sure it turned out well.
【MEIKO】Yes, I agree...
【MEIKO】I still can't believe how Ichika and Saki were able to come up with such an incredible song in such a short amount of time.
【MEIKO】But at the same time...
【MEIKO】I don't think they're fully satisfied.
【Miku】Not fully satisfied...? Because they had to make a fairly drastic change?
【MEIKO】Yes... Of course, them choosing to make that change wasn't bad or anything.
【MEIKO】But it's just...
【MEIKO】They didn't get to do what they actually wanted, which I'm sure frustrates them.
【Luka】Right...
【Luka】I'm guessing they were both hoping to work in all of their feelings.
【MEIKO】Yes, since they're both really kind and such close friends. And I doubt either wanted to give on their ideas.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I mean, they ended up fighting. I think that's a testament to how determined they both were...
【Miku】Yes, that's true...
【Miku】But you sound strangely happy about that, MEIKO...
【MEIKO】Yes, well...
【MEIKO】I'm looking forward to the future is all.
【MEIKO】Those two went through a bit of a rough patch...
【MEIKO】But they still ended up accomplishing their goal.
【MEIKO】They were tasked with writing Leo/need's debut single together from start to finish, which was a completely new challenge for them.
【MEIKO】But that's not all.
【MEIKO】They ended up fighting over what it should be about...
【MEIKO】They were both determined to write it a certain way. Neither was willing to yield to the other, and they've both learned that about themselves.
【MEIKO】Which I think is a big step forward.
【Miku】A big step...?
【MEIKO】Yes, and this experience should prove invaluable to them both.
【MEIKO】So, I believe the inability to do everything they wanted will cause them to grow even more in the future.
【MEIKO】As they experience new things and take on new challenges, they'll learn to write even better songs.
【MEIKO】And someday, they'll be able to write a song that encompasses both of their feelings.
【MEIKO】I'm certain of that after seeing what happened this time around.
【Miku】They're going to grow even more...?
【Luka】Hehe. I'm definitely looking forward to that happening...
【MEIKO】They've written their debut single, but their journey as pros is just beginning...
【MEIKO】I really can't wait to see how their story unfolds.
【Miku】*Nod* Me neither.
【Luka】Hehe. We'll need to keep a close eye on them.
[Sound] bgm00000
