【Hinomori Shizuku — An Invitation To Relax〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hinomori Shizuku
Card: An Invitation To Relax（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: You deserve it! Break Time!
scenarioId: 008008_shizuku02

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Shizuku】One, two, three, four...
【Shizuku】Hehe. It really is nice to stretch outside when it's so sunny out.
【Shizuku】One, two, three, four...
[Sound] se00045
【Haruka】Oh, Shizuku. Good morning. You're here early.
【Shizuku】Good morning, Haruka.
【Shizuku】I decided to come a little early to stretch since it's such a nice day out.
【Shizuku】Would you like to join me?
【Haruka】You don't mind? I think I will then.
【Haruka】Oh, before we start... I need to thank you for yesterday, Shizuku.
【Shizuku】Huh?
【Haruka】You were genuinely worried about me, right? I thought I should thank you for showing that much concern.
【Shizuku】No, you don't need to do that. We're all in this together.
【Haruka】Hehe. True.
【Haruka】But there's also one other thing that I'd like to ask about us moving forward.
【Shizuku】Me?
【Haruka】Yes. I was wondering how or when you're able to just be yourself.
【Haruka】It still doesn't feel natural to me yet, so I was hoping to learn a little more from you...
【Shizuku】Yes, if you're okay with me that is...! So let's see...
【Shizuku】Oh, you know... I may not serve as a very good reference.
【Shizuku】I'm the type that just lets their true personality show and ends up making everyone else follow suit...
【Haruka】Right... We even talked before about how you really are just yourself, Shizuku...
【Shizuku】Yes, it's a little embarrassing...
【Shizuku】But when we're doing streams and walking around town, I do try to keep in mind that I am still an idol...
【Shizuku】However, I don't tend to maintain that persona while at home or at school.
【Haruka】I see...
【Shizuku】You're close with some other girls in your class too, no? Like Ichika and Saki in particular.
【Haruka】I am. Those two never saw me as an idol from the start. They only saw me as their classmate and I can't thank them enough for it.
【Haruka】Oh, now I understand. It just means that I feel at ease around them compared to when I'm with other people...
【Shizuku】That's wonderful!
【Haruka】So that means An too...?
【Haruka】There's this other girl who goes to a different school...
【Haruka】I've known her since before I became an idol and she hasn't changed one bit since we were little.
【Shizuku】Really...? I'm happy to hear that you have a friend like that!
【Haruka】Yeah, me too...
【Haruka】Thanks, Shizuku. I'm starting to get a better idea of how to relax and just be myself.
【Haruka】Oh, also... You said you're the type that just lets their personality show. Can you give me an example of when that happens?
【Shizuku】Well, I imagine it happens to most when I'm with Shii.
【Shizuku】I think it has to do with how I'm not an idol to her, but her big sister.
【Haruka】Oh, I see...
【Shizuku】Can you think of anything else...?
【Shizuku】Yes! When I'm doing homework with Airi or talking about sweets with her!
【Haruka】Hehe. Schoolwork definitely has that effect.
【Haruka】Our favorite foods too...
【Shizuku】Actually, Minori mentioned something about cream puffs earlier.
【Haruka】Huh?
【Shizuku】About how you and her went somewhere together, and got two of everything on the menu.
【Haruka】Oh... Hehe. I remember now.
【Haruka】Training and eating right are cornerstones of becoming better as an idol...
【Haruka】But Minori taught me that time that it's also important to do what we like in order to achieve those sorts of goals.
【Shizuku】Yes, I see...
【Haruka】Yeah...
【Haruka】In hindsight, I do think that I was pushing myself a little too hard that time.
【Haruka】But I also didn't realize that I'd have to try this hard just to relax or be myself.
【Shizuku】I'm guessing how you simply love being an idol has a lot to do with that, Haruka.
【Shizuku】I admire that part of you so much.
【Haruka】Shizuku...
【Haruka】Thank you.
【Haruka】I'll try to be more careful from now on... Promise to tell me when you think I'm overdoing it again in the future?
【Shizuku】Yes, of course.
【Shizuku】(Learning how to support my friends and be there for them when they need me...)
【Shizuku】(I have to keep growing as an idol to do that.)
[Sound] bgm00000
