【Kamishiro Rui — Operation: Meet Santa!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Operation: Meet Santa!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Special Present for You!
scenarioId: 016040_rui01

[Background Change] bg_d000901
[Caption] Christmas Day - Early morning
[Caption] Rui's Room
【Rui】Mhm...
【Rui】*Yawn*
【Rui】Looks like I fell asleep doing my final check of the script...
[Sound] se00055_b
【Rui】Huh? A blanket...?
【Rui】I don't remember using one. Mom or Dad must've come to check up on me last night.
【Rui】Oh...
【Rui】I also don't remember this red and green box being here. It certainly looks Christmas-themed...
【Rui】I didn't notice at all. But I suppose I should expect nothing less from Santa Claus. He always brings his presents on time.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Tsukasa】Alright, we're all here!
【Nene】We just need to wait for the car to get here, right?
【Emu】Yup♪ Hehe. I'm so excited about our Christmas show.
【Rui】Me too. Let's do our best today to give the guests at the ski resort an unforgettable Christmas present.
【Tsukasa, Nene & Emu】Yes! Yeah!
【Tsukasa】Speaking of presents, I received a wonderful one from Santa Claus earlier this morning!
【Tsukasa】It was nothing short of all three volumes of the documentary on my favorite star, Seiichi Amami!
【Rui】All three volumes? That sounds like quite a lot of content.
【Tsukasa】Yes, because it covers everything from the practice up through the final showing of this musical where he played the lead.
【Nene】Oh, that's pretty cool. It'd be great to hear what you thought after you've had a chance to watch it all.
【Tsukasa】Of course! In fact, we can even watch it together!
【Emu】If we're all gonna hang out, we should also play the game I got for Christmas♪ It's called “The Flight of the Papollo!”
【Nene】Oh, I think I've heard of that. It's the one where you work together to build a space shuttle and run missions, right?
【Tsukasa】A space shuttle?
【Emu】You become the executives of an aerospace research organization called KASA and work to develop a space shuttle!
【Emu】In his letter, Santa even said, “I recommend this game since it's a simplified example of how to run an organization”...♪
【Rui】Hehe. It was kind of him to explain why he chose this present for you.
【Nene】Santa? That sounds more like... Well, as long as you're happy...
【Emu】Oh, Nene! Did Santa stop by your house?
【Nene】Oh, yeah. He did.
【Nene】In my case, I got the air purifier I said I've been wanting for a while.
【Tsukasa】Ah, an air purifier! That sounds like an excellent tool for taking good care of your throat.
【Nene】That's why I asked them to buy... I mean, asked him to get me it.
【Rui】Hehe...
【Nene】Wait, why are you giggling...?
【Rui】Oh, nothing.
【Nene】Speaking of which, Rui, what did you get for Christmas...?
【Rui】Ah, I was given a volume of the “Full Throttle” sci-fi series. This one asks what life would be like had our ancestors been avian in nature.
【Nene】That series again...? I guess it is one of your favorites.
【Tsukasa】I'm not familiar... What are you two talking about?
【Rui】For each volume, they invite world-renowned experts from a variety of fields who are connected to a subject. The discussions they have and experiments they run are detailed in each of these books.
【Rui】As the name suggests, they end up doing very involved research each time, regardless of how silly the topic may seem.
【Tsukasa】I see... And the theme of the book you received was...
【Rui】“What If Humans Evolved From Avian Animals?”
【Emu】Avian animals? Like birds? Or do butterflies and stuff also count?
【Rui】Yes, birds is correct.
【Rui】Actually, the theme for this volume came from a discussion surrounding one of my favorite animals, the platypus.
【Rui】Despite being mammals, they lay eggs, which begged the question. Would it have been possible for humans to also develop such traits?
【Rui】This is expanded into discussions not only between biologists, but including experts and scholars from many different fields. I simply can't wait to read it.
【Emu】Hehe! You've got such a big smile on your face right now, Rui♪
【Rui】Hehe. I plan on reading to my heart's content once we've finished putting on our Christmas show today.
【Tsukasa】Yes.
【Tsukasa】Just as the presents we received have made us smile, we need to make sure our show sends the audience home smiling!
【Nene, Rui & Emu】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
