【Shinonome Akito — No Compromises When Making Chocolates〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Shinonome Akito
Card: No Compromises When Making Chocolates（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: A Gentleman Thief's Thrilling White Day?!
scenarioId: 011014_akito01

[Background Change] bg_a004401
[Caption] Chocolate Factory
【Staff】We'll now start making our chocolates. Please feel free to ask the staff if you ever need any help.
【Staff】In addition, the staff here have experience working as patisseries, so you'll have their full support.
【Staff】We'll be going around to each table in order shortly. Again, please feel free to ask us any questions.
【Akito】Cool, we can ask them for advice.
【Mizuki】Yeah! I might have some questions for them later.
【Mizuki】Anyway, Li'l Bro, you know what you're gonna make?
【Akito】Yeah, I'm thinking chocolate truffles.
【Mizuki】Chocolate truffles? Aren't those really hard to make?
【Akito】The recipe says all you have to do is break up the chocolate, melt it and put them into trays. See...?
[Sound] se00122
【Mizuki】Whoa, you're right...! That's way easier than I was expecting.
【Akito】The hard part's gonna be dealing with all the non-chocolate ingredients.
【Akito】Since we're here, I kinda want to spice things up a bit.
【Mizuki】So something different... Oh, what about some of the nuts we saw earlier?
【Akito】Yeah, I thought about that... But you know the way chocolate truffles melt in your mouth? I sorta still want them to do that from start to finish.
【Mizuki】Hmm... Yeah, I see your point...
[Sound] se00097
【Staff】Do you have a question? Is there anything I can help you with?
【Mizuki】Oh, it's the staff from earlier!
【Akito】Alright, I'd like to ask you something...
【Staff】I see. A way to spice up chocolate truffles...
【Akito】Yes. Is there a way to make them more interesting, or at the very least, have a lighter aftertaste?
【Staff】In that case, orange zest is a fairly standard option.
【Staff】They go great with chocolate because of that hint of sourness and bitterness they bring to the table. Not only that, they add a nice visual accent.
【Akito】I see. A simple approach does seem more feasible than something complicated.
【Staff】By mixing in some orange zest to your molten chocolate, they should provide a nice mix of flavor and fragrance when you put them in your mouth.
【Staff】However, if orange zest proves to be a little too chunky or coarse, orange liqueur can be used instead to keep your truffles smooth.
【Akito】Interesting... Thank you for the advice.
【Akito】I think I'll try making some orange zest and some with orange liqueur.
【Staff】Happy to help. I'll go fetch some orange liqueur right away.
[Sound] se00097
【Mizuki】Good for you, Li'l Bro! I bet your truffles are gonna turn out great.
【Akito】I hope so too.
【Akito】So, what are you gonna do? You said you wanted to make something “cute”, right?
【Mizuki】Heh heh heh. Ta-daa! I brought a bunch of molds from home.
【Mizuki】I'm gonna make chocolates in all sorts of shapes, sizes and flavors. Some can be white, while other bitter. My plan's to change up what I do as I do bit by bit.
【Akito】Nice. Sounds like you got a pretty elaborate setup all worked out.
【Mizuki】Yup.
【Mizuki】Oh, are you gonna make some for Ena?
【Akito】Huh? You're kidding, right? She's getting a box of Paul Hansen's chocolate.
【Akito】I mean, you know how picky she is. There's no way she'd ever eat any chocolates that I make.
【Mizuki】I actually believe otherwise. She might really like them, you know?
【Akito】Again, you're kidding, right?
【Mizuki】Still, it's nice to hear that you're getting her something no matter what.
【Mizuki】But that begs another question. Who's getting these chocolates?
【Akito】My mom for one. The rest are going to my teammates.
【Mizuki】Oh, okay. Wait... All of these? You're making a ton.
【Akito】Yeah, so...?
【Akito】(I mean, Miku and the others definitely deserve to have some too.)
【Staff】Thank you for your patience. Here's the orange liqueur. I've also written down some examples of how much you should be using.
【Akito】Thank you very much. I really appreciate it.
【Akito】Alright, let's get started.
【Mizuki】Yeah, let's♪ These are gonna be sooo good!
[Sound] bgm00000
