【Momoi Airi — Always Looking Ahead〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Always Looking Ahead（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Time to RE:START!
scenarioId: 007005_airi02

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D
【Airi】Humhumhuuum♪
【Airi】(Man, this song has fantastic lyrics! The melody too...! You can't help but smile while listening to it!)
[Sound] se00046
【Shizuku】Airi, what are you listening to today?
【Airi】Oh, Shizuku. Wanna listen? Here, take one of my earphones.
【Shizuku】Sure. Thank you.
【Shizuku】Oh, it's Rin! I was assumed you were listening to another idol group...
【Airi】I've been trying to listen to more songs by VIRTUAL SINGERS lately.
【Shizuku】Oh, I see... Any reasons why?
【Airi】Does it have to do with meeting Miku and Rin in SEKAI?
【Airi】I've known about VIRTUAL SINGERS and the that they've got some great songs, but never really took the time to actually listen...
【Airi】After meeting Rin and Miku, I got to thinking that maybe the VIRTUAL SINGERS and us idols aren't all that different.
【Shizuku】True. Especially since Miku and Rin are both idols too.
【Airi】Right... The Miku and Rin we met in SEKAI are idols like us, but it's not just because of that...
【Airi】I think the VIRTUAL SINGERS that most people are familiar with are like idols too, in a way.
【Shizuku】Ah, I understand what you mean! Hehe. There are so many different versions of Miku, it's hard to keep track of them all.
【Airi】Are you sure you really understand...?
【Shizuku】But what did you mean when you said the VIRTUAL SINGERS are like idols?
【Airi】Well... You remember what we learned in English class the other day? That the word idol comes from the word icon.
【Shizuku】And how they are people that command the admiration and respect of others...
【Airi】Yup. So based on that literal meaning...
【Airi】An idol doesn't have to belong to an agency, perform on a stage or even appear on TV to be considered a real idol.
【Shizuku】That may be true... But...
【Airi】I know... That sort of idol would be very different from what people generally expect an idol to be.
【Airi】But...
【Airi】If MORE MORE JUMP! can't make it by being what people generally expect and idol to be then...
【Airi】I'm prepared to abandon being a conformist completely.
【Airi】As long as the four of us are together... I really believe that we can become idols as MORE MORE JUMP!
【Shizuku】Airi...
【Airi】Oh, sorry... I was on a roll there, huh?
【Shizuku】No, it's okay. I'm happy to know that you've been thinking so seriously about this.
【Airi】Well, the future of MORE MORE JUMP! is on the line here. It's the least I can do!
【Airi】Anyway, our goal right now is to find the best way for us to actually be idols!
【Shizuku】Yes! And we'll definitely find it... Together.
[Sound] bgm00000
