【Kamishiro Rui — Sound Sleep〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Sound Sleep（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: On This Holy Night, I Sing
scenarioId: 016006_rui02

[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Rui】All of our Christmas show performances were a smash hit.
【Rui】With that now behind us, we should start thinking of our next show.
【Tsukasa】Right. The next show for the contest is important, but if we're to do it in parallel with our regular shows, we have to get a head start.
【Emu】Oh, then our meeting today can be about strategizing!
【Rui】Indeed. But I also have an announcement to make first.
【Nene】An announcement?
【Rui】Yes. We've taken part in two rounds of this contest, spanning the period from Halloween until Christmas...
【Rui】Hehe. I've been keeping a close eye on our rivals throughout this time too.
【Nene】Wait, how...?
【Tsukasa】Good job, Rui! So you've got some intel for us?
【Rui】Yes, I do. After seeing other contestants' performances, I've arrived upon what our two greatest strengths are.
【Emu】Oh! Oh! And...?
【Rui】The first one is the novelty Wonderlands×Showtime brings.
【Nene】Novelty?
【Rui】Have you seen what kinds of shows the other troupes in the park are doing?
【Tsukasa】Well, some of them... The ones at the Hero Stage have been about superheroes who defend the park against villains by challenging them to games and stuff.
【Emu】At the Mascot Stage, they've been doing stories about Phenny!
【Rui】Exactly, so consider this. Have you ever seen a show that wasn't about superheroes at the Hero Stage?
【Rui】Or a show that didn't feature mascots, like Phenny, at the Mascot Stage?
【Tsukasa】No, of course not. They have to stick with their themes.
【Rui】Yes. Most of the other Phoenix Wonderland troupes always do shows revolving around their respective themes.
【Rui】As a result, the scope of their performances predictably becomes limited.
【Rui】On the other hand, we're the newcomers. And we're not bound to any specific theme.
【Nene】Ah, I see. No one expects us to do only certain shows, so we can switch between different genres as we like, right?
【Rui】Yes, precisely! You see how this plays to our advantage.
【Rui】Our second greatest strength is individuality as our troupe is full of distinctive personalities.
【Nene】In other words... We're a bunch of weirdos.
【Tsukasa】Wait... Why are you staring at me?
【Nene】No reason...
【Rui】Hehe. The other troupes have a singular, star performer, such as Sakurako from Phoenix Stage.
【Rui】And naturally, their shows are all designed to have their respective stars be in the limelight.
【Tsukasa】But theatrical shows are supposed to focus on the lead actor or actress, right?
【Rui】Oh, of course. But in the case of our rivals, they always cast the same players as their leads.
【Rui】On top of that, those roles are often very similar, or part of a series of shows where the leads are always playing the same characters.
【Rui】In other words, there's no variety.
【Emu】Wait... But don't we always have the same cast for every show?
【Rui】Yes, but our roles are much more diverse.
【Rui】Tsukasa sometimes plays two or even three different parts.
【Rui】And each role is quite different from the other.
【Rui】Let's also not forget that we had two leads in our Christmas show with Tsukasa and Nene.
【Rui】I can easily see you in a lead role too, Emu, with your rich expressions and talent for acrobatics.
【Rui】I believe any one of us from Wonderlands×Showtime has the potential to be a brilliant lead.
【Tsukasa】I see. Us being such a motley crew does give us a sort of unique advantage.
【Nene】We have the freedom to switch things up so that our plays never become stale, and we can tackle any genre.
【Emu】Yeah! The Wonder Stage can be a window into unlimited fantastic worlds for everyone to enjoy!
【Tsukasa】And that's precisely what we set out to do when we decided to become Wonderlands×Showtime...
【Rui】Right. Staying true to that will definitely give us an edge in the contest too.
【Tsukasa】Yeah. It's important to have a goal to stick to...!
【Rui】So, that was a rather long preamble to my vision for our next show. I would like it to be based on these two strengths: novelty and personality.
【Nene】Yeah. I agree.
【Emu】Me too! Me too! Hehehe. I'm so excited about this♪
【Tsukasa】Alright! Then let's come up with a story for our new show that takes our strengths into account!
【Rui】Yes. Let's make our next show one for the ages. Together.
[Sound] bgm00000
