【Kagamine Len — Swimming In Cider〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kagamine Len
Card: Swimming In Cider（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: This Moment With You!
scenarioId: 023040_len02

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
[Sound] se00046_b
【Len】There you are. Are you practicing by yourself right now, KAITO?
【KAITO】Ah, yes... But I'm about to take a break.
【Len】Oh, that's perfect!
【Len】Wanna have some cider while you do? Saki and the others brought over more FizzYum Cider.
【KAITO】I see. Then, I think I'll have some.
【Len】I've got grape and lemon. Which do you want? I've had both before, so pick whichever one you like.
【KAITO】Then, grape...
【Len】Alright, lemon for me. Bottoms up.
[Sound] se00543
[Sound] se00543
[Sound] se00240_b
【Len】Mmm... I always have fun whenever I drink soda. I really like how it pops and fizzes in my mouth.
【KAITO】I remember us all being surprised by that the first time we had some.
【Len】Haha. Yeah!
【Len】Still, this company asked Ichika and the girls to do a collaboration with them.
【KAITO】It is pretty incredible.
【Len】Yeah, but I'm not sure I've really gotten a good grasp of just how incredible it is.
【Len】They talked about how their commercial is going to be aired on TV, but I don't have an idea of what that's going to be like, you know?
【KAITO】That's understandable since it's not a subject we're familiar with...
【KAITO】Speaking of which, I sort of felt the same way when they told us how their debut song has become a big hit.
【Len】Me too. When they told us that the Miku version got like eight million views, right?
【KAITO】Yes. It was mostly the way they spoke that clued me in to how remarkable an achievement it was...
【Len】I know what you mean. None of us really knew at first what it meant for something to “go viral”.
【Len】But it became pretty obvious after we heard that tons of people were talking about their song.
【Len】Someone would listen to it, think it's good and recommend it to others. Rinse and repeat.
【Len】In turn, their song brings people together.
【Len】Which is one of the big things they've set out to do as Leo/need.
【KAITO】Right.
【KAITO】I have to think Ichika's feeling particularly happy right now, since the song they wrote and had Miku sing is bringing all these people together...
【Len】Though, she actually seemed more surprised by how big it's become.
【Len】Ichika and Saki are amazing for writing a song like that, but so is the power of music...
【KAITO】Some things can only be expressed through music.
【KAITO】People who aren't very good at communicating how they feel, like me, are voiceless without music...
【Len】I wouldn't say you're entirely voiceless...
【KAITO】Now I feel like playing something...
【Len】But you just started taking a break.
【Len】Actually, I also feel like playing something now...
【KAITO】How about a session...?
【Len】Yeah! But lemme finish my cider first, okay?
【KAITO】Okay.
[Sound] se00240_b
【Len】Mmm... Man, this cider's good!
[Sound] bgm00000
