【Shinonome Ena — Turn Feelings Into Art〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Shinonome Ena
Card: Turn Feelings Into Art（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: In This Singing City
scenarioId: 019025_ena02

[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Caption] Shopping Mall
【Ena】I'm glad I went to the goldfish exhibit.
【Ena】It was really hard trying to depict the water, but it made for great practice.
【Ena】When I get home, I'll rework the composition and perspective since they didn't turn out so well.
【Ena】I'll also fix the shadows...
【Ena】Oh, but...
【Ena】If I want to convey the friendship of those goldfish, and how heartwarming it felt to watch them...
【Ena】Hmm... It's probably better not to be too realistic with the reflections and lighting.
【Ena】If I draw everything exactly as it was, the contrast between the light and dark spots will be too harsh.
【Ena】Alright, I can try some different styles out as well once I get back.
【Ena】(It sucks not walking home with a piece I'm satisfied with, but I'm edging forward, little by little. I just gotta do what I can.)
【Ena】(I have to remember what Mr. Yukihira said when I showed him my sketch.)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_e001801
【Yukihira】A crucial part of refining your technique is how you visually convey to the viewer that which, usually, can only be understood by direct contact.
【Yukihira】The question of “how” one creates art begins with “what” one wishes to express with it.
【Yukihira】When the artist knows what they want to express, and then accomplishes this with rich use of composition and techniques that are appropriate or perhaps even innovative...
【Yukihira】That is what I believe to be good art.
【Yukihira】If you reattempt this exercise, I look forward to seeing your own original work. Not a reproduction.
[Background Change] bg_a001701
【Ena】Looking back, he was totally right.
【Ena】No matter how good I get at depicting water, it doesn't mean anything if there's nothing I want to express with my piece.
【Ena】In that sense, I didn't do too badly today.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a005401
【Shiho】The water looks so real. You can tell how slowly and gently they're swimming.
【Shiho】Also, you even captured that bit of warmth they have.
【Shiho】It was nice to see, and I felt the same thing when I saw this picture.
【An】Yeah, I know what you mean! It's like you can feel so much kindness from these two, as if they're happy to be together.
[Background Change] bg_a001701
【Ena】(Of course, those two had already seen the actual goldfish, but...)
【Ena】They understood...
【Ena】(It really does feel nice when someone understands what you've tried to express.)
【Ena】(If my illustrations for N25's songs can better convey what I have in mind, then...)
【Ena】(Then maybe Kanade's music can reach more people.)
【Ena】In that case, I need to work even harder.
【Ena】Huh? Hang on...
【Ena】Urgh, I already walked past the store I was gonna visit!
【Ena】Oh, whatever...
【Ena】Since I'm feeling this motivated, I'll just head straight home and keep practicing art.
【Ena】(I'll start by reattempting the composition and perspective. Then I can move on to rethinking the shading...)
【Ena】I sure have a lot to work on.
【Ena】(But if I can keep expanding my repertoire bit by bit...)
【Ena】If I want to get better, creating more art is all can do.
【Ena】Alright! I need to get home and keep going!
[Sound] bgm00000
