【Shinonome Akito — The World In My Eyes〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Shinonome Akito
Card: The World In My Eyes（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Aim Higher and Higher!
scenarioId: 011047_akito01

[Background Change] bg_c002901
[Caption] Morning
[Caption] New York - Alleyway
【Akito】Alright, let's end things here.
【An】*Stretch* We sang a ton again today!
【Kohane】You really sang your heart out today, An.
【An】That's because of all the other people singing near us. I wasn't about to let them steal our shine.
【Akito】Yeah, I felt the same way.
【Akito】Still, it was pretty nice of Taiga to show us this place. It's good to have somewhere we can practice.
【Toya】Practicing in SEKAI is fine and all, but we did all seem to want to sing while immersing ourselves in this atmosphere.
【Kohane】Yeah, I agree!
【Kohane】Oh, before we forget... What should we do about breakfast?
【Akito】Oh yeah, I guess we didn't really decide anything.
【An】Since we're here, we should eat at one of the places in the neighborhood.
【Kohane】The bagels they had at the cafe we went to yesterday were really good. They were so crispy, and they came with so much salmon and cream cheese.
【Toya】It's apparently very normal to have that for breakfast in New York. I'm sure there are many shops proudly serving them that way.
【Akito】The eggs Benedict we had the day before are standard for breakfast too, right?
【An】Oh, that was really good too! The English muffin was so fluffy.
【Kohane】They both felt like really fancy and special breakfasts.
【An】I know, right?! Speaking of which, do you think there are any famous shops in this neighborhood?
【Akito】Famous?
【An】I mean, we didn't do much research before coming here. We've basically just been working off of Uncle Taiga's recommendations.
【Akito】You know, that's true, huh.
【Toya】Since we have the chance, why don't we take this opportunity to look for a place to eat on our own?
【Kohane】All the places we've been to so far have been really good, so I can't imagine what a famous one is going to be like.
【Akito】Actually, I think there's a famous bagel shop nearby.
【Kohane】Huh?
【Akito】I'm pretty sure I heard it ranks among New York's best bagel shops. The cream cheese there is supposed to be unbelievable.
【Akito】They should be open now. Also, by the look of the pictures I saw, it seemed like a nice place.
【Toya】That does sound appetizing.
【An】Wait, do you happen to know about any other good places to eat around here?
【Akito】Other good places...? This one place's eggs Benedict had good reviews.
【Akito】That's their most famous dish, but their French toast is also supposed to be incredible.
【Akito】The reviews on every website I looked at were all good, so it might be worth visiting.
【Kohane】I see...
【Akito】There were also some good cafes. Around here it'd be...
【Akito】Hm?
【Akito】Alright, what's with the staring?
【Kohane】Oh, umm... I think we're all just really impressed by your knowledge of the cafes around here!
[Sound] bgm00000
【An】Lemme guess... You spent a lot of time researching them.
[Sound] bgm00015
【Akito】No, no really...
【Toya】Oh, that reminds me...
【Toya】Even before we came over to the United States, you mentioned wanting to try the pancakes New York had to offer.
【Toya】I suppose I shouldn't be surprised that you've done quite a bit of research.
【Akito】I mean, you don't get many opportunities like this...
【Kohane】Hehe. Then, why don't we try going to the places Shinonome recommends today?
【Toya】Agreed. Anywhere that Akito recommends is sure to be good.
【An】Looking forward to all those yummy pancakes, boss.
【Akito】Shut it.
[Sound] bgm00000
