【Mochizuki Honami — With A Side Of Compassion〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Mochizuki Honami
Card: With A Side Of Compassion（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Echo My Melody
scenarioId: 003024_honami01

[Background Change] bg_a001301
[Caption] Neighborhood
[Sound] se00143
【Honami】...and Ms. Yoisaki's is straight ahead.
【Ichika】Okay...
【Ichika】*Sigh* I'm starting to get nervous...
【Ichika】I mean, was it really okay for me to ask her to teach me more about making music using digital tools?
【Honami】I'm sure Ms. Yoisaki would've said something if she was really busy or wouldn't be available.
【Ichika】Right... Still, I'm pretty nervous about going over to her house.
【Ichika】What are we supposed to talk about first? Where do I even start? Should I thank her for agreeing to help me?
【Honami】Hehe...
【Ichika】Hey... You could be helping me instead of laughing, Honami.
【Honami】Hehe. I'm sorry.
【Honami】Starting out by thanking her seems perfectly fine.
【Ichika】Yes, I knew it! After that, I should explain what my song's supposed to be about, right?
【Honami】Yes. Then, you two should go up to her room to work on it together.
【Honami】While you do, I'll be cleaning the living room and preparing some food. Feel free to ask if you ever need anything, okay?
【Ichika】Okay, thanks.
【Ichika】But I'll try not to bother you too much, Honami, since you're going over to do work.
【Ichika】I mean, keeping you from cleaning and making food for Kanade wouldn't be fair to her either.
【Honami】Thank you, Ichika.
【Honami】But you've actually been helping for some time now by carrying half of the grocery bags for me.
【Ichika】No, this is something I should be doing anyway!
【Ichika】At the same time, we bought so much... Rice, vegetables... I was under the impression that you'd cook using whatever ingredients were available at Kanade's house.
【Honami】I do that sometimes, but she really doesn't do much grocery shopping outside of buying instant noodles...
【Honami】Whenever I go over, the refrigerator's usually empty.
【Ichika】I see...
【Ichika】Asahina told me a little about her the other day, but I'm starting to understand why you're worried about her eating properly each day.
【Honami】Haha...
【Honami】Fortunately, the dishes I leave in the refrigerator are usually all gone by my next visit, so she does seem to be eating properly lately.
【Ichika】I have to think that the food you make is so good that she can't help but eat it all.
【Honami】Hehe. That would make me so happy.
【Ichika】You also come up with menus for each day, right?
【Honami】Yes. My goals for those involve nutritional balance and including ingredients that are in season.
【Honami】I usually think about what to make each day when I visit the grocery store before heading over to her house.
【Ichika】That means... You have to think about what to make while shopping, clean her house when you get there, cook... That sounds like a lot.
【Honami】It is. However, I also secretly give myself a pat on the back whenever I'm able to cook or clean in a timely manner.
【Ichika】That's so you, Honami.
【Honami】Also, the way Ms. Yoisaki shows surprise at how clean her room becomes or smiles because she likes something I make puts a big smile on my face.
【Ichika】This job seems to really suit you, Honami.
【Honami】Hehe. I believe so too.
【Ichika】By the way, what's your plan for today?
【Honami】I'll be cooking pot-au-feu and pumpkin croquettes for dinner. After that, I'm going to make some mushroom rice for later.
【Honami】Also, they had salmon and cod roe on sale, so I'm thinking about making some rice balls for you two to have while you work.
【Ichika】Oh, that sounds really nice.
【Ichika】Wait, we've only been talking about food... I'm supposed to be learning from her about using digital tools for music.
【Honami】Actually, I'm glad we did. You seem a little less nervous now.
【Ichika】Oh, you're right...
【Ichika】I hope we get to talk a lot. There's just so much that I want to ask her.
【Honami】I'm sure you'll have plenty of time to do just that.
【Ichika】Yeah... But being taught one on one like this is...
【Ichika】Oh...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Honami】...? Ichika?
【Ichika】Honami, once we arrive at Kanade's house, you have to get to work right away...
【Honami】Yes, that's right...
【Ichika】Which means... I'm going to be alone with Kanade...
【Honami】Yes...
【Ichika】... Oh no. I'm getting nervous again.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Honami】Then... Why don't we talk more about food?
【Ichika】Yes, please.
【Honami】Hehe. No problem. Besides the mushroom rice, I plan on making a different rice dish...
[Sound] bgm00000
