【Akiyama Mizuki — Happy Birthday! 2024〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Akiyama Mizuki
Card: Happy Birthday! 2024（BD）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 020028_mizuki02

[Background Change] bg_a003401
[Caption] Nonogi Park
【Toya】So this is about what you want to do on your birthday?
【Mizuki】Yeah, she told me to think about what I want to do...
【Mizuki】But I couldn't think of anything... And I totally forgot about it...
【An】Well then, is it any surprise that Ena's upset?
【Mizuki】B-But Ena was the one that was just all, “You should think about it,” and never said anything else!
【Mizuki】Like, An! If you were in my shoes, what would you do for your birthday?
【An】Huh, me? Hmm...
【An】If I could do anything, then... Maybe a pajama party at mine or Kohane's place!
【Kohane】Whoa, that sounds so fun!
【An】Riiight? It'd be the best! We could graze on snacks and chill out until the wee hours of the morning.
【Mizuki】A pajama party...
【Mizuki】That reminds me, Mafuyu stayed over at Ena's place that one time...
【Akito】That was just because Ena wanted Asahina to be her model for an art assignment.
【Mizuki】Now now, we're all welcome to our own interpretations♪
【Mizuki】Thanks a bunch, An! You've given me the best idea!
【Mizuki】And fear not, Li'l Bro! I'll reply to Ena really soon!
[Sound] se00049_b
【An】Huh? Mizuki, wait!
【Toya】Gone just like that...
【Kohane】Yeah.
【An】Well, as long as it turns out to be a fun birthday, I guess that's all that matters.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_e000501
[Sound] bgm_area00005
[Caption] That night
[Caption] Empty SEKAI
【Mizuki】And that's how I decided to hold the Happy Birthday Mizuki Pajama Party!
【Miku】Pajama party...?
【Luka】That's a type of slumber party, yes?
【Luka】Friends gather at one person's house and wear pajamas while chatting and enjoying snacks.
【Rin】Why do they wear pajamas?
【Ena】I guess that way you feel more comfortable and have more relaxed conversation.
【Luka】Hehe. So, does the fact you came to tell us about this pajama party mean that we're invited too?
【Len】*Gasp* R-Really?
【Mizuki】Luka, you're spot on♪
【Mizuki】So, I was thinking we could have the party here in SEKAI so that no one misses out. Would that be okay?
【Miku】If that's okay with you and the others, then we don't mind either.
【Miku】And... I'd also like to experience a pajama party...
【Len】M-Me too...
【Rin】But, we don't have any pajamas...
【Mizuki】I'm one step ahead of you! Ta-da! Take a look at this!
【Rin】Is this...a book of clothes?
【Mafuyu】It's called a “catalog”. It's a book that tells you what sorts of clothes you can buy.
【Mizuki】I work part-time in a clothing store, and they're about to start selling a bunch of cute pajama sets♪
【Mizuki】If you pick out some pajamas you like from here, I'll get exactly what you want!
【Len】B-But... It's your birthday, Mizuki. Is this okay...?
【Mizuki】It's absolutely okay!
【Mizuki】I'm super excited for this party, and I'm gonna take loads of cute pictures of you all wearing my store's products!
【Miku】Hehe... You're already having fun, and it's not even your birthday yet.
【Mizuki】Hahaha! Events like this are fun even to plan!
【Mizuki】C'mon, let's all look at the catalog! Tell me anything that catches your eye!
【Luka】Yes, don't mind if I do.
【Ena】Seriously? Dodging the question for a week and now suddenly all full of enthusiasm...
【Kanade】It's good to see Mizuki did actually want to celebrate, isn't it Ena?
【Mafuyu】Are you sure the reason you didn't get a reply wasn't because you were half-asleep when you brought it up?
【Ena】N-No way... I don't think...
【Kanade】I'm glad Mizuki thought of a way to celebrate.
【Mizuki】Hey, guys! Lemme get your input! Miku's stuck on what color pajamas to pick.
【Ena】Got it, got it. Which set?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000227
[Sound] bgm00097
【Saki】Mizuki, happy birthday! Hehehe, I got you a special coupon for my cafe♪ Please drop by—as a customer, this time!
【Emu】Mizuki, happy birthday♪
【Emu】Ena told us all about the pajama party! Like how you guys ate a bunch of snacks and talked loads☆ I hope it was super duper fun!
【Honami】Hehe, it must have been since Ena told us with so much excitement.
【Honami】Happy birthday, Mizuki!
【Shizuku】Mizuki, happy birthday! I'm glad I got to say it on the day as well.
【Airi】Me too! We did give you that “special something” the other day, but let us take this chance to celebrate properly.
【Airi】Sometime this evening, you'll be getting a goodie bag of your favorite food!
【Shizuku】Serve with a bowl of steaming hot rice and enjoy!
【An】Happy birthday, Mizuki!
【Kohane, Toya & Akito】Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
【Toya】At first you said you couldn't think of how to celebrate, but I heard that you held a pajama party in the end. Was it as fun as you hoped for?
【An】It was a party with Ena and the others, so there's no way it could not be!
【Akito】Where does that confidence come from...? I mean, Ena seemed satisfied, so I guess it went well?
【Toya】I see. That's good to know.
【Kohane】Hehe. I'll have to ask about the party when we next meet.
【An】Yes, that's right! Mizuki, let's talk sometime soon, at school or anywhere! See you!
【Rui】Happy birthday, Mizuki. I was confused to receive a photo of a mysterious mountain of pajamas, but...
【Rui】You must have been excited about your birthday.
【Tsukasa】It's good to be excited about one's birthday!
【Tsukasa】Akiyama! Do you feel sufficiently celebrated?! If you need more birthday wishes, I will happily oblige anytime!
【Kanade】Happy birthday, Mizuki. I was surprised when you said you wanted to do a pajama party...
【Mafuyu】And I didn't expect you to even have us wear the pajamas you got.
【Ena】Well, that was no trouble really. It was for Mizuki's birthday after all.
【Ena】Though, we did have to strike a bunch of poses for all those photos...
【Kanade】That was kinda embarrassing... But, I think Mizuki enjoyed it.
【Ena】You're right. When we were eating our snacks, Mizuki was looking at the photos fondly.
【Ena】Weren't you, Mizuki? Also, send me those photos, please.
[Background Change] bg_e000501
【Mizuki】Man, people were wishing me a happy birthday all day, from the second the clock struck midnight.
【Mizuki】And my party was amazing! I got so many pictures of Kanade and the others looking adorable in their pajamas♪
【Mizuki】I have plenty of photos to look at and smile for a while.
【Mizuki】It really was fun...
【Mizuki】Hehehe. I'm gonna have some pleasant dreams tonight!
[Sound] bgm00000
