【Kusanagi Nene — Hold Them In Your Mind〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kusanagi Nene
Card: Hold Them In Your Mind（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Memories That Come With The Scent of Candles
scenarioId: 015021_nene02

[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] The day after Valentine's Day
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Nene】(I'm running a little late. Homeroom went on for longer than expected.)
【Nene】Oh...
【Nene】(They seem to be enjoying themselves. I wonder what's going on.)
[Sound] se00104
【Nene】Sorry I'm late...
【Tsukasa】Ah, there she is. Right on cue.
【Nene】Right on cue?
【Emu】Nene! We've been waiting for you☆
[Sound] se00121
【Nene】Wah! Wh-Why are you hugging me all of a sudden?
【Rui】Hehe. We were actually just talking about the scented candles you gave us, Nene.
【Nene】Oh, did you guys already try them out?
【Emu】Yup! The one you gave me smelled so nice! It made me feel all warm and fuzzy!
【Emu】And then, I dreamt that I was walking through some woods☆ Hehe. When I woke up the next morning, I was already out of bed for some reason♪
【Nene】You tossed yourself out of bed...?
【Nene】But you have a good nose, Emu.
【Nene】The candle I gave you is supposed to give you the feeling of being out in the sun or in a forest.
【Emu】Woohoo! I was right♪
【Tsukasa】Ah, then... Can you explain why my candle had such a refreshing fragrance to it?
【Tsukasa】It smelled very much like oranges...
【Nene】That's right. I used a sweet orange fragrance. It's supposed to help clear your head and feel refreshed.
【Tsukasa】Ah, so it was oranges!
【Tsukasa】I tried lighting it before I went to bed and I seemed to sleep much better than usual!
【Nene】Really? Then, I'm glad.
【Emu】Oh, Rui, what was yours like?
【Rui】Mine? I believe it was some sort of musk...
【Nene】Correct. I went for something a little more mature that felt subtle.
【Tsukasa】Mature and subtle...?
【Rui】Hm? Do you have something to say?
【Nene】I understand what you mean, Tsukasa. I thought the hardest about which fragrances to choose for Rui...
【Nene】The thing is... I had the idea to mix and match to create something more...chaotic?
【Nene】But that sounded really hard for a beginner like me, so I decided to go with something simpler.
【Rui】Hehe. Thank you for giving our gifts so much thought, Nene. We really appreciate it.
【Nene】*Nod* You're welcome.
【Nene】I'm just glad you all like them so much.
【Nene】It was my first time making these and I tried to choose fragrances that suited all of you, so I was actually really worried that you wouldn't like them...
【Emu】What?! But they turned out so well. I had no idea that you were also that worried, Nene...
【Nene】Also...? What do you mean?
【Emu】Hehe... The truth is, I was also worried about how you guys would feel about what I made.
【Tsukasa】You were? It certainly didn't seem like you were worried...
【Rui】Yes, if anything, you seemed rather confident...
【Emu】That's because I gave you guys the chocolates which turned out the best!
【Emu】Unfortunately... I made a lot of mistakes along the way...
【Emu】I tried mixing chocolate pens to get the colors I wanted, but they kept becoming a shade too light or too dark...
【Emu】Even when I tried drawing you guys' faces with them, I'd sometimes grip you too tight and make your arms and heads fall off.
【Emu】Oh, and Nene, your hair's really fluffy, so I made sure to use a separate mold for that...
【Emu】But when I tried to attach it too firmly, your head would fall off. And it wouldn't stay on if I didn't apply enough pressure, so you kept ending up with a chrome dome.
【Tsukasa】I see. That sounds like quite an ordeal...
【Nene】Thanks, Emu. I really appreciate how much effort you put into our gifts.
【Emu】Hehe. I worked really hard because I wanted to see you guys smile☆
【Nene】Hehe. That makes sense.
【Nene】(I mean, it is Valentine's Day. You're supposed to sort of put your heart and soul into your creations.)
【Nene】Say, Emu... Can you show me how you made those chocolates sometime?
【Emu】Of course☆ I wanna learn how to make scented candles♪ Pretty please!
【Nene】Yeah, I'd be more than happy to teach you.
【Emu】Yay! Thanks, Nene!
【Nene】(I only decided to make something for Valentine's Day after Emu said that she was going to...)
【Nene】(But I'm really glad I did...)
[Sound] bgm00000
