【Mochizuki Honami — Rest Well〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Mochizuki Honami
Card: Rest Well（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: First Star After the Rain
scenarioId: 003005_honami02

[Background Change] bg_f000401
[Caption] Saki's Room
【Saki】Snacks, check! Drinks, check!
【Saki】Now, Hona, serve the main dish!
【Honami】Hehe. Coming right up.
【Ichika】Main dish? I thought Honami brought photos?
【Saki】Putting it this way helps us to get into the mood!
【Honami】Here. The photos from the planetarium the other day.
【Shiho】Wow... That's a lot of photos.
【Saki】Yeah! Hona, was it tough for you to get these printed?
【Honami】Not at all! There are self-service photo printing booths in most major electronics stores these days.
【Honami】It's easy to print photos from your smartphone with them.
【Honami】Actually, it's so easy that I ended up printing too many because I wanted them all.
【Ichika】That's nice. Ah... Hehe, look at this one.
【Shiho】Hehe. Saki, your eyes are half-closed here.
【Saki】Huh? Hey, why did you put this weird-looking face of mine right in the middle of everything?
【Saki】You didn't have to print bad shots like this!
【Honami】Hehe, I'm sorry, but when I saw it, it was just too funny to ignore.
【Saki】That's it! I'm gonna look for funny face pictures of everyone now!
【Shiho】Okay, let's see who can find the weirdest photo first.
【Saki】You're on! Ready... Go!
【Ichika】Ah...
【Saki】You found something, Ichi?!
【Ichika】Not really a funny picture. It's a picture of Miku and Luka.
【Honami】Yes. I printed it out because I was going to pass it to them the next time we go to SEKAI.
【Saki】Aww... Both of them are smiling. They must've really enjoyed the play-planetarium experience!
【Honami】Yes, and I'm glad.
【Honami】Oh, I was also thinking of making a photo book of sorts.
【Honami】So that we can leave some tangible memories behind.
【Saki】Whoa, great idea! I should do something like that for the memories of my youth life too!
【Saki】Oh, but how many pages will be enough? I need to put in my memories with Ichi, Shiho, and Hona, as well as those with my classmates...
【Saki】I also need to leave space for memories with future friends from other classes, and then...
【Shiho】Why are you making space for people who aren't even your friends yet?
【Saki】Because I have a good feeling we'll become friends soon!
【Honami】That's nice. Which classes are they from?
【Saki】From Shiho and Hona's classes, of course!
【Honami】How so?
【Shiho】Oh, I remember. You know Minori from my class, right?
【Saki】Yeah! My first friend outside my own class!
【Saki】I have this part-time job I applied for because the uniforms were so cute, and Minori's working there too!
【Shiho】I did hear about that. Your shifts overlapped for the first time on your third day of work or something, right?
【Saki】Yup yup! We were so surprised to see each other!
【Ichika】Hanasato is pretty close to Kiritani from our class, so we meet her in school quite often too.
【Saki】Exactly! So I'm going to use Operation: Friend of My Friend Is Also My Friend to make a whole new network of friends♪
【Saki】Which is why, Hona, you should absolutely introduce your friends to me too!
【Honami】Sure!
【Honami】(Saki is so amazing.)
【Honami】(I've always thought I should cherish both the friends in my class as well as Saki, Ichika, and Shiho.)
【Honami】(I would view them differently. Friends on the one side, and then Saki, Ichika, and Shiho on the other.)
【Honami】(But...there's no reason to separate them like this at all.)
【Honami】Hey, everyone.
【Honami】I'll be asking my class friends to have lunch together one of these days. Would you like to join us then?
【Shiho】Huh? You mean us?
【Honami】Yes. I think it would be nice for us to eat together.
【Ichika】If it's okay with you, we don't mind at all, Honami.
【Saki】Of course I'm joining! I can't wait, Hona!
【Honami】Okay, thank you!
[Sound] bgm00000
