【Otori Emu — Smirk Of A Winner〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: Smirk Of A Winner（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Perspective for Smile
scenarioId: 014036_emu02

[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Emu】Alright, here we go! And, action!
[Sound] se00061_b
【Nene】“I was born into a family of warriors. If I must wield a blade to defend these children, then I shall...!”
[Sound] bgm00185
【Nene】“Hiyah!”
[Sound] se00742
【KAITO】“Your determination is admirable! Unfortunately, the Minamoto clan must end here! Prepare yourself!”
[Sound] se00742
【Miku】Whoa☆ Nene's putting on such a powerful performance!!!
【MEIKO】And she's moving so convincingly!
【MEIKO】“No, he's too strong... R-Retreat! Retreeeat!”
[Sound] se_run_women_002_1
【Rui】“Foolish humans... Such is your punishment for desecrating these mountains with your filthy footprints...”
【KAITO】The way he's moving is riveting. It's like he's a real tengu.
【Len】That was awesome...! Rui just swatted away those Taira henchmen!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00745
【Emu】“I have no interest in restoring the Minamoto clan to its former glory, but making a plaything of brutes such as yourself is all too enticing.”
【Emu】“So, shall we go stir things up in this world a little?”
【Emu】“Your name is Benkei, correct...? Come with me. You will surely enjoy what we are going to see together.”
[Sound] se00022_b
【Miku】Whoooaaa☆ That was so cool!
[Sound] bgm00171
【KAITO】You and Nene both did an excellent job of capturing your respective characters' traits, even while wielding weapons, Rui.
【MEIKO】And we got to play the people fighting against them. We essentially had the best seats in the house!
【Rui】We appreciate you saying that. And thank you for playing those characters for us.
【Rin】The final showdown between you and Tsukasa was also really amazing, Emu!
【Luka】I was blown away by the way you swung around that naginata, Tsukasa.
【Miku】They did all practice a ton☆
【MEIKO】But I was most blown away by what you did during that fight, Emu! I still can't believe the way you jumped over his head to take his back.
【Len】It was so cool when you poked him with your fan...!
【Emu】Hehe. Thanks, you guys! Getting showered with all this praise is starting to make me feel a little embarrassed, but I really appreciate it!
【Rui】Even we were stunned by your physical feats this time around.
【Nene】Yeah. We knew that you were a great athlete, but you really never cease to amaze us.
【Rin】I know, right?! I mean, the way you jumped around and just barely dodged all his attacks!
【Rin】I wish I could do what you can. Have you been good at sports and stuff ever since you were little, Emu?
【Emu】Hmm... I was the fastest runner at my elementary school!
【Miku】Oh, we have a winner☆ I had a feeling you'd say that, Emu♪
【KAITO】Yes, it's very easy to imagine.
【Nene】Hehe. You're good at basically every sport, Emu, so I bet you do really well during P.E.
【Emu】Hehe. I always liked taking on different roles during class, and I still do even today.
【Len】Different roles?
【Emu】Yeah! Like... Being the person who passes the ball or the goalkeeper!
【Emu】I mean, if I ended up scoring all the goals or points, then others who want to wouldn't get that chance. They'd end up feeling really sad, right?
【Emu】Which is why I like doing different things! So that everyone gets to have fun!
【Rui】That's so kind of you, Emu.
【Luka】Hehe. And I guess you've always been like this...
【Emu】Huh?
【Luka】It sounds like you've been doing everything you can since you were little to make sure those around you smile.
【Rin】Yeah! I bet all the classes you've been in have been super fun and full of smiles♪
【Tsukasa】I have to think you're right about that.
【Rui】And we can't help but smile whenever we're with her. There's really never a dull moment.
【Nene】Yeah, since she always manages to find a way to make things fun for everyone.
【Emu】Hehe. Thanks, you guys.
【Tsukasa】A great athlete who cares deeply about her team and knows how to lead them to victory...
【Tsukasa】Imagine if you were born a few centuries earlier. You very well could have been Ushiwakamaru.
【Nene】Yeah, I'm glad we decided to have you play him.
【Emu】Thanks, me too!
【Emu】Anyway! I'm gonna keep improving my acting skills!
【Emu】And...
【Emu】I'm gonna put even bigger smiles on everyone's faces!
【Tsukasa】Yes, we'll be looking forward to that!
[Sound] bgm00000
