【Hinomori Shizuku — Beautiful Active Idol〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hinomori Shizuku
Card: Beautiful Active Idol（1★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 008001_shizuku02

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Classroom
【Cleanup Committee Member】Are all the cleanup committee class representatives here? We're making a zero-waste educational poster today. Please work with a partner to come up with a design.
【Shizuku】It's a pleasure to be working together, Honami.
【Honami】Yes! The pleasure's all mine, Shizuku.
【Honami】I'm really glad we're working together on this. The truth is, I'm quite terrible at drawing...
【Shizuku】You are? But, I'm not very confident about my drawing skills either, so let's help each other out, okay?
【Honami】Of course! Let's see... We should think of a design first.
【Shizuku】Yes. Maybe we can start by drawing out what we have in mind?
【Shizuku】We may find something good by exchanging ideas like that.
【Honami】O-Okay...
【Shizuku】This should do. Are you done, Honami?
【Honami】Yes...sort of.
【Shizuku】Let's share, then.
【Shizuku】I drew someone picking up litter and putting it in the trash can. What do you think?
【Honami】Wow, that's really good! It's so easy to understand!
【Shizuku】Really? I'm glad you think so.
【Honami】Since it's supposed to be an educational poster, having something easy to understand is definitely the way to go. Let's use your design for the poster!
【Shizuku】But I haven't seen your design yet.
【Honami】Um, m-my design?
【Honami】P-Promise you won't laugh?
【Shizuku】Hm? I won't.
【Honami】Okay... I was also trying to draw someone picking up trash from the floor...
【Shizuku】Uh huh.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】Why is there an octopus here?
【Honami】Ugh... This is the person picking up the trash...
【Shizuku】What about this heap of rice cakes?
【Honami】Th-That's the trash...
【Shizuku】...
【Honami】Um...
[Sound] bgm00015
【Shizuku】This is amazing, Honami! Your art is so abstract. You're like Picasso!
【Honami】Huh?
【Shizuku】I'm not an art person so I don't know why, but... This design just draws me in somehow.
【Honami】Whaaat?!
【Shizuku】My eyes are just naturally attracted to the artwork. This should catch people's attention easily.
【Shizuku】I've never seen such a wonderful design before. Let's go with this!
【Honami】I-I-I-I don't think that's a good idea! Yours is definitely better!
【Shizuku】I disagree. Your design is very evocative.
【Honami】(I-I have to dissuade her somehow! Much as it saddens me to admit it, this bizarre drawing of mine is just no proper material for a poster!)
【Honami】Um... Well... This educational poster is going to be seen by a lot of people!
【Shizuku】Huh? Yes, that's true.
【Honami】That means Shiho will definitely see it too!
【Shizuku】My sweet Shii!
【Honami】Wouldn't you like Shiho to see a poster that was designed by you? It'll be a great conversation starter!
【Shizuku】But... Are you really sure we should go with mine?
【Honami】Absolutely! Like I said just now, an educational poster should be easy to understand above all else!
【Honami】I mean, just look around! Everyone else is going with something that's easy to understand too!
【Shizuku】Oh, I know. We'll combine my layout and your art style to—
【Honami】Th-That won't do!
【Honami】Ah! I-I mean... That won't do because it completely changes the overall mood.
【Shizuku】Does it? I was thinking Shii would be more open to talking if the poster incorporated both of our designs...
【Honami】I-I don't think...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】In any case, I want to thank you, Honami.
【Honami】Huh?
【Shizuku】I love spending time in this committee because I can chat with you at leisure.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Shizuku】Besides, you always share with me things about Shii that I never knew before.
【Shizuku】She seldom talks about school or her friends, you see. But she does listen when I talk about certain things.
【Shizuku】Like when I'm talking about the committee activities I do with you, Honami. She listens really attentively then.
【Honami】Oh!
【Shizuku】Please continue to be her friend, and, if you don't mind, to lend her a listening ear too.
【Honami】Yes. Maybe...someday...
[Sound] bgm00000
