【Tenma Tsukasa — Taking The Stage〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: Taking The Stage（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Deeper and Deeper
scenarioId: 013047_tsukasa02

[Background Change] bg_a000701
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Rooftop
【Tsukasa】(Natalia Santi's “Living For The Stage”...)
【Tsukasa】(I bought it in order to get a better understanding of what we're doing for the workshop, but this is a bigger educational asset than I realized.)
【Tsukasa】(It includes everything from her process of getting into character to techniques of expression and bearing, and even vocal acting.)
【Tsukasa】(I see. This is what she was talking about the other day when we were discussing acting methods...)
【???】Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】(This does such a good job of explaining all the things I couldn't quite wrap my head around.)
【Tsukasa】(I'll review this again before our next workshop meeting.)
【Rui】Can you hear me, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Hm...?
【Tsukasa】Whoa, Rui?! How long have you been there?!
【Rui】Hehe. That book must be very captivating.
【Rui】Mind if I ask what you're reading?
【Tsukasa】It's a book by Natalia Santi, one of the workshop teachers.
【Rui】Ah, I'm familiar with that one.
【Rui】It's received quite a lot of praise for its eminently practical approach to acting.
【Tsukasa】Yes, it should prove an invaluable tool while we attend this workshop.
【Tsukasa】Particularly because the material is so advanced.
【Tsukasa】The teachers are world-class, of course, and the participating members of ArcLand are seasoned veterans as well.
【Tsukasa】In almost every conversation, it's driven home how painfully shallow my understanding of the craft is.
【Rui】I see. So that's why you're studying up.
【Tsukasa】It sounds like things are hardly any easier over on the directors' course, either.
【Tsukasa】That's all you were thinking about during class today, right? Your attention was a thousand miles away.
【Rui】Your eyes are sharp.
【Rui】You're spot on, Tsukasa. This assignment is proving quite a difficult one.
【Rui】It's not easy to change up one's entire approach to showmaking.
【Tsukasa】I see... It sounds like we're both going to be wracking our heads for a while.
【Tsukasa】At the same time... It's thrilling, isn't it?
【Tsukasa】We've learned a lot through our training until now...
【Tsukasa】And the more we learn, the more we see we need to work on.
【Tsukasa】In other words, we still have so much room to grow.
【Tsukasa】So, I'm going to take this opportunity to grow once again, and get one step closer to becoming a star!
【Rui】Hehe. A typically Tsukasa-like positive outlook.
【Rui】But, you're right... This has been a fun challenge.
【Tsukasa】Oh, look at the time... We've been talking so long that lunch is almost half over.
【Tsukasa】Let's hurry up and finish eating so that we're ready for classes this afternoon!
【Rui】Yes, you should probably hurry.
【Tsukasa】Hm? Me? What about you? Aren't you having lunch?
【Rui】I'll just stick with this drink. I'd rather spend as much time as I can working on my show.
【Tsukasa】There you go again...!
【Tsukasa】If you don't eat properly, then you're going to struggle to come up with good ideas!
【Tsukasa】You really didn't bring anything? If so, I'll share some of my food with you. Eat up.
【Rui】Alright... I suppose I should listen to what my troupe leader has to say.
【Tsukasa】Well said. So, let's eat!
[Sound] bgm00000
