【Kamishiro Rui — Backstage Alchemist〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Backstage Alchemist（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Mermaid Admiration
scenarioId: 016011_rui01

[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Okay, let's go over what was have so far.
【Tsukasa】For our first assignment as ambassadors, we'll be performing a show on the seaside stage owned by this hotel affiliate.
【Tsukasa】And our show will center on a Little Mermaid theme.
【Emu】I can't wait to see how our show turns out! Right, Nene♪
【Nene】Yeah. It might be a little tough being our first assignment and all, but I'm sure we'll manage.
【Tsukasa】Exactly! As ambassadors, there's nowhere else to go but forward!
【Rui】(I sensed some nerves while we were brainstorming yesterday...)
【Rui】(But I believe we'll be just fine now.)
【Tsukasa】The future of Phoenix Wonderland depends on how we do!
【Rui】True.
【Rui】(Thanks to Project Wonder's success, we were able to reestablish Phoenix Wonderland's reputation as a place that makes everyone smile.)
【Rui】(And moving forward, we'll have to keep working to make sure it stays that way.)
【Rui】(Not only that, the other troupes and staff were really the ones who made Project Wonder possible. The park means just that much to them as well.)
【Tsukasa】So let's start putting together a show worthy of us, the right honorable representatives of Phoenix Wonderland!
【Emu】So where do we start?
【Rui】We shouldn't have to deviate from our usual routine much.
【Rui】We'll write a script, throw in some effects, gather any necessary props and equipment, and rehearse.
【Emu】Wow, really?!
【Emu】I was sure that we'll need to do lots of extra stuff since we're gonna be performing on a stage that we've never been to before.
【Rui】Yes, it is important to keep in mind that we'll be performing at a new venue.
【Rui】Especially since we won't have much time to practice or rehearse before we go live.
【Nene】Wait, we won't?
【Rui】Apparently, it's a very popular stage. From what I understand, it's all booked up for the summer.
【Rui】However, I have been able to confirm that we'll have time to rehearse the day of, so we have some room for error.
【Emu】Yay!
【Tsukasa】That means we'll have to practice here until then.
【Rui】Yes, it does. The other stage's dimensions will differ from ours as well, so we'll need to be mindful of that.
【Nene】Does that also mean we won't really know what this stage looks like until we get there?
【Rui】Emu's brothers were kind enough to send me some blueprints for the stage, so we'll have that to work with.
【Nene】Okay, that's good to know.
【Rui】That just leaves... The weather since it's an outdoor stage.
【Tsukasa】Wh-Which is something we have no control over...
【Emu】Aww, it'll be so sad if it rained. Everybody would be too glub-glub frowny-face to come and see us.
【Nene】Wouldn't our show get canceled before anyone has a chance to feel that way?
【Emu】No, that'd be even worse! I'll start making weather charms today to guarantee that we get good weather!!
【Nene】I don't have a problem with being superstitious, but do those really work?
【Rui】Hmm... Worst case scenario, if it does rain, We'll just have to launch Tsukasa into the sky to clear away the rain clouds for us.
【Tsukasa】Hey, Rui, don't say that like it's a matter of fact.
【Rui】Hehehe. But don't you think it would be a magnificent spectacle to behold?
【Nene】You know we're a theatre troupe and not a circus, right?
【Rui】But a show's a show. I actually have some other ideas if you don't mind hearing me out.
【Emu】Oh! Oh! I wanna hear them!
【Nene】Fine, whatever. It's not like I'm the one who has to be your stuntman.
【Tsukasa】What?! No! Don't let Rui off his leash!
【Tsukasa】We have more important things to talk about! Like how to make our next show more interesting!
【Rui】Oh, that's a shame. But I suppose you're right...
【Rui】Shall we start hammering out the details for our show?
[Sound] bgm00000
