【Hatsune Miku — Shiny Smiley Magic〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: Shiny Smiley Magic（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Let SEKAI Hear Your Song!
scenarioId: 021037_miku01

[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Miku】So, let's decide on which show we're gonna do to show our support for Tsukasa and the others☆
【Len & Rin】Yeah!
【MEIKO】Yay!
【Luka】They all seem very excited about this.
【KAITO】Hehe. Yes, they do.
【KAITO】Now, let's start with some general ideas. Any suggestions?
【Miku】Oh, I do♪ We should do a show they've done before☆
【KAITO】One they've done before?
【Miku】Yeah♪
【Miku】Remember how Nene did a really amazing job during the Christmas show?
【Miku】She managed to overcome what happened to her in the past and put on an incredible singing performance!
【KAITO】Right.
【KAITO】Yes, each show they've done up until now seems to have involved overcoming some kind of hurdle.
【KAITO】Being reminded of what they've achieved may give them a nice boost of confidence.
【MEIKO】I agree! Nice idea, Miku♪
【Miku】Hehe.
【Rin】But which one? They've done so many♪
【Luka】“A Pianist Named Thorpe” or “The Happy Phoenix” seem like good options.
【KAITO】Those involved Tsukasa making rather remarkable strides as an actor.
【Len】Hmm. Still, which do we choose?
【Rin】Yeah, it's too hard to pick just one!
【MEIKO】Then, why don't we do all of them?
【KAITO】As much as I'm sure we'd all like to, I don't think we'll have enough time to prepare...
【MEIKO】Right... I'm actually not sure if I'll be able to remember all of my lines.
【KAITO】Which means we should probably just pick one and focus all our attention on it.
【Miku】But which one? They've done so many♪
【Miku】Hmmm...
【Luka, Len & Rin】Hmmm...
【MEIKO & KAITO】Hmm...
【Miku】Tsukasa and the others are gonna leave Phoenix Wonderland to do shows in all sorts of different places, right...?
【KAITO】Yes. Their goal is to improve their skills by meeting new people and performing in new places.
【MEIKO】And I'm sure they're going to achieve some spectacular results!
【MEIKO】After all, they've already succeeded in putting on a show that involved the entire cast of Phoenix Wonderland♪
【Rin】Yeah, for the night show! That was so amazing.
【Len】It really was! And it was great that we got to join in on the fun.
【Miku】I know, right☆ I was so moved by Shao and Miles's story that...
【Miku】Wait a second!!!
[Sound] bgm00000
【KAITO】Huh...?!
【Rin】Why?! What's wrong?
【Miku】We've been forgetting about one of their most important shows! The one about Shao and Miles!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Miku】It was about making people who've lost hope smile again with magic!
【Miku】And I know that smiles and laughter mean absolutely everything to them! Everything!
【Miku】I mean, Tsukasa wanted to become an actor because he wanted his little sister Saki to smile♪
【MEIKO】Oh, right...
【Miku】Not only that, Emu's dream is to protect Phoenix Wonderland and fill it with even more smiles, right?
【Miku】Nene and Rui also want their shows to put smiles on the faces of the people who come see them!
【KAITO】Miku's right. Smiles and laughter do mean quite a lot to them.
【Miku】See?
【Miku】That's why I wanna do that show and encourage them to keep making people smile and laugh.
【Miku】It'll be our way of telling them to keep doing their best☆
【MEIKO】Yes, that sounds wonderful!
【Len】Yeah! I wanna do that show too!
【Rin】Me too♪
【KAITO】Then, let's go with Miku's suggestion. The story of Shao and Miles!
【Miku】Woohoo!
【Miku】Alright♪ Let's do our absolute best for Tsukasa and the others☆
【Everyone】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
