【KAITO — The Troupe Leader's Day Off〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: KAITO
Card: The Troupe Leader's Day Off（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Mermaid Admiration
scenarioId: 026010_kaito01

[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Miku】I'm so excited♪ I can't wait♪
【Miku】Hey, KAITO, when's everybody gonna get here?
【KAITO】I'm sure they'll be here soon. Ah, there we are...
【KAITO】Welcome, everyone.
【Miku】Welcooome♪
【Emu】Yay, it's KAITO and Miku♪
【Nene】But... Is Rin not with you today?
【Miku】No, she's busy practicing for a show with the plushies today.
【Miku】So we're the only ones free to help you right now.
【Tsukasa】And you'll do just fine. We really appreciate it, KAITO, Miku!
【KAITO】Of course. You're here to discuss some things about your new show, yes?
【Tsukasa】Yes! As we mentioned before, Wonderlands×Showtime has been given the honor of being ambassadors for Phoenix Wonderland.
【Tsukasa】And for our first assignment, we'll be performing on a stage by the beach owned by an affiliate hotel!
【KAITO】The beach? That sounds fantastic. A show by the sea.
【Miku】Yeah! That's gonna be so much fun with the water being so wavy and sparkly♪
【Emu】Hehe. Just like the Seaside School...
【KAITO】So, do you already know what sort of show you'd like to do?
【Rui】Yes, we'll be paying homage to the Little Mermaid this time.
【Rui】We've been asked to put on a family-oriented show, so we'd like to take the original tragedy and turn it into something more fun.
【KAITO】I see.
【Tsukasa】We've come up with some ideas pertaining to the details, but we still don't know what to do about the overall story. Mind helping us out with that?
【KAITO】It would be our pleasure.
【Miku】Yeah☆ You can count on us♪
【Tsukasa】Wonderful! Then let's get right to it.
[Sound] bgm00000
【KAITO】The original Little Mermaid involves sisters as well, so you may be able to dive deeper into those relationships...
[Sound] bgm00006
【Tsukasa】There's the human prince too. Instead of falling in love, it may be better to have them simply become friends...
【KAITO】Yes, I see. Also...
【Emu】Oh, me next! What if we do a story that everyone can have fun with and goes all zing-zang-zoom♪
【Nene】Zing-zang-zoom?
【KAITO】Ah, Emu, so you wish to make it more of an adventure?
【Emu】Yup!
【Tsukasa】How the...?! What is it with you and Rui?!
【KAITO】Haha. That may be because of my proximity to Miku.
【Rui】It sort of comes to me naturally as well.
【Tsukasa】I only understood the first part of what she said...
【Nene】Same...
【Robo-Nene】Shall I add that to my Emu-to-English dictionary, Nene?
【Nene】Huh? You have an Emu-to-English dictionary? Since when?
【Rui】Hehe. I installed it just the other day while I was performing some maintenance on her.
【Nene】Great, another weird function she doesn't really need...
【Emu】So what do you think?! A story that goes zing-zang-zoom!
【KAITO】I think it's a good idea. By making it an adventure, you'll be free to add in other ideas and make the story more fun overall.
【KAITO】The original Little Mermaid also seemed to be quite familiar with human culture, so she'd fit right into an adventure of that sort, no?
【Rui】I agree. Our adventure shows in particular have also been doing the best as far as we've seen.
【Rui】In other words, they're our strong suit.
【Tsukasa】Yes, as part of making sure that our first assignment as ambassadors succeeds, it may be wise to choose something we're most familiar with to start.
【Nene】Yeah. It'll also be a good way to sort of show everyone what we're like, right?
【Rui】Hehe. Alright, adventure it is. Shall we start working on the finer points of the story?
【Emu & Miku】Yeah♪
【Tsukasa】Great! Let's take a look at some of the ideas we've already come up with!
【KAITO】Oh, this is a nice twist.
【KAITO】Since you're paying homage to the Little Mermaid, this may be just what you need. For example...
【Rui】Yes, that would make for quite the twist! I'll be sure to consider it, KAITO...
【Miku】Oh, if I were the Little Mermaid, I might flap around on the beach like a fish the first time I come ashore!
【Nene】She's a mermaid! Not a fish!
【KAITO】Our ideas are coming along rather nicely!
【Rui】Yes, they are. Although, I'd like to add in some scenes that bear close resemblance to the original story.
【Emu】Oh, that reminds me! Nene, didn't you see a theatrical rendition of the Little Mermaid a long time ago?!
【Tsukasa】That's right! Which scenes stuck out to you the most?
【Nene】Um, well...
【Nene】You mean like when she meets the prince or asks the sea witch for legs?
【KAITO】Ah, yes. That scene with her and the sea witch may do nicely.
【Miku】Oh, is that when she drinks the potion that the sea witch gives her and turns into a human?
【Nene】Yes, she drinks the potion and grows human legs.
【Emu】Oh, I know! What if the sea witch gives her the wrong potion and turns the Little Mermaid's legs into a bunch of wriggly octopus legs?!
【Nene】Hehe. The witch could even say, Oops, and after that, give the Little Mermaid a potion that gives her legs but they end up being half-fish or something.
【KAITO】Haha. That would be hilarious.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Excellent! These are some great ideas!
[Sound] bgm00024
【Tsukasa】We should have more than enough to spice up our script, so why don't we call it a day?
【Rui】Sure. I'll take what we've come up with and start working in some effects too.
【Tsukasa】Thank you for your help, Miku, KAITO. We promise to make this show a good one!
【KAITO】Yes, we'll be looking forward to it.
【Emu】Bye, Miku! Bye, KAITO! See you later♪
【Miku】Bye bye☆
【Miku】Hehe. You had a lot of fun, didn't you, KAITO? You had this great big smiley face the whole time☆
【KAITO】Haha. I'm just incredibly excited about seeing how their story turns out.
【KAITO】(I hope I get a chance to see it too since it's going to be such a big moment for them. Their ambassadorial debut.)
【Miku】KAITO...?
【KAITO】Oh, nothing. Shall we get back to the stage?
[Sound] bgm00000
