【Momoi Airi — Cooking Stream Prep〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Cooking Stream Prep（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Rise and Strive
scenarioId: 007042_airi01

[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Caption] MORE MORE HOUSE
【Airi】Morning, you two!
【Minori】Oh! Morning, Airi!
【Minori】By the way, did you look at those documents we sent you the other day?
【Airi】Don't worry. I looked at everything you both sent me.
【Airi】I thought you did a good job of explaining how our fans would see things, Minori. Your suggestions should allow us to make the most of our strengths.
【Airi】As for you, Shizuku, I really liked your idea of presenting some affordable skincare products. It feels like a good reason to keep this series going.
【Shizuku】I'm glad you feel that way. In that case, I'll start hammering out the details.
【Airi】Thanks. I jotted down some suggestions for ways we could make it even better, so let's keep doing what we can to turn these ideas into really good streams!
【Minori】You made your own suggestions...?! Thank you so much, Airi!
【Shizuku】While we're on the subject, Airi, how is your idea coming along? You've been helping us so much...
【Airi】It's coming along fine. I more or less know what I wanna do now, so I'm currently in the middle of working out the details. You two keep focusing on your own ideas.
【Shizuku】If you say so. But let us know if you do need our help, okay?
【Airi】I promise to let you know if that does happen.
【Airi】Anyway, let's jump into today's agenda!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Evening
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】Alright, I've taken a bath and finished stretching. Let's get back to working on my segment.
【Airi】(I told the other two that I'd be fine, so I need to make sure that we're able to put on a good stream...)
【Airi】Let's see... I was in the middle of choosing recipes for another cooking stream. My current candidates are...
[Sound] se00122_b
【Airi】(Thankfully, this series has become pretty popular. It's nice how our viewers get to have fun regardless of whether or not they know how to cook.)
【Airi】(So, I'll want to cook something that they'll all like... Which should I choose?)
【Airi】(Maybe something healthy with lots of veggies? Or a recipe that's both quick and easy...?)
【Airi】It's usually best to look to our fans about questions like these.
【Airi】So, let's see if I can find any clues in the comments. I'll take a look at our archived streams.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00320_b
[Sound] se00320_b
【Airi】I see.
[Sound] bgm00180
【Airi】Last time, a lot of people said they really appreciated us going with a simple recipe.
【Airi】One person said, “My parents loved it when I made these for them.” And another even said, “I don't cook a lot, but this recipe ended up being really fun.”
【Airi】When you take our fans into consideration, it's probably best to go with a recipe that's geared towards novices instead of experienced cooks.
【Airi】So, for our next stream...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] The next day
[PlaceInfo] MORE MORE HOUSE
【Airi】Now then... We'll be giving our usual progress reports today, but I'd like to go first for a change!
【Airi】Like I mentioned last time, I'm thinking about doing another cooking stream, and I've picked out some prospective recipes.
【Minori】Oh, what are you gonna cook this time?!
【Airi】Alright, this time, I'm going with... “An Easy Peasy & Appetizing Recipe!”
【Shizuku & Minori】“An Easy Peasy & Appetizing Recipe”...?!
【Airi】That's right. After taking another look at our previous stream, I noticed that a lot of our viewers don't really cook on a regular basis.
【Minori】Yeah, now that you mention it, you went with a simple recipe last time!
【Airi】Which I believe led to a bunch of our viewers giving it a try themselves.
【Airi】So, I'm thinking about doing something similar this time around.
【Shizuku】Hence the “easy peasy” recipe, yes?
【Minori】If the recipes you chose really are both easy and appetizing, then I'm sure everyone will want to give it a try!
【Airi】I'm glad you're saying that.
【Airi】Also... While we're at it, I'd like to make sure it's nutritionally balanced.
【Airi】A recipe that's both healthy and delicious. With lots of veggies and other stuff that's good for you.
【Airi】Once I've got my final list of candidates, I'll be doing a test run. When I do, I'll need you two to taste test for me!
【Minori】Woohoo! I can't wait to try what you make, Airi.
【Shizuku】You've been helping us quite a lot with our ideas, so we need to return the favor somehow.
【Airi】Hehe. Then, let's all do our best.
【Airi】I'm gonna need all the help you two can give me in order to make this stream a good one!
【Shizuku & Minori】Of course! No problem!
[Sound] bgm00000
