【Akiyama Mizuki — Designing My Own Tomorrow〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Akiyama Mizuki
Card: Designing My Own Tomorrow（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Tying Tomorrow's Ribbon
scenarioId: 020046_mizuki02

[Background Change] bg_e000401
[Caption] Mizuki's Room
【Mizuki】Humhumhumm♪
【Mizuki】Hair, check! Makeup, check! Outfit, check...!
【Mizuki】Alright, I'm all set!
[Sound] se00044_b
【Mizuki's Voice】Sis! Are you ready to head out? I'm set to go whenever!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] Shopping Mall
【Mizuki】Ooh. It's the weekend, but it's still nice and empty this early in the morning.
【Mizuki's Sister】Yeah, we shouldn't have to wait to use any of the fitting rooms.
【Mizuki】It is common for big lines to form at the really popular shops.
【Mizuki】Ena and I usually have to spend a bunch of time waiting whenever we go shopping, since we tend to go in the afternoon.
【Mizuki's Sister】Then, why don't you two try to wake up early like we did today and come in the morning?
【Mizuki】No way. I mean, Ena just isn't a morning person.
【Mizuki's Sister】Oh, really?
【Mizuki】She will wake up early to buy something she really wants or go somewhere she's set on visiting...
【Mizuki】But even for those times, she usually has Li'l Bro wake her up.
【Mizuki's Sister】Hehe. The Shinonome siblings seem really close, just like us.
【Mizuki】Huh? Oh, yeah... I guess?
【Mizuki】(It's more that Ena won't wake up even with her super-loud alarm clock, so Li'l Bro has to go in and yell at her, but...)
【Mizuki's Sister】Wait, Mizuki, was the shop you wanted to visit this way?
【Mizuki】Oh, yeah! Just keep going straight!
【Mizuki】Hehe. I made a whole list of all the shops I wanna visit with you, Sis, so you better be prepared!
【Mizuki's Sister】Alright, challenge accepted!
【Mizuki & Mizuki's Sister】Haha. Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00190
【Mizuki】Based on my hair and outfit, I'll probably wanna find hair accessories that are white-ish, huh?
【Mizuki's Sister】Probably. But something covered in decorative gemstones could also work. Like this one!
【Mizuki】Hey, you're right. It's pretty flashy, but it fits in surprisingly well when you put it on!
【Mizuki】Does it fit, Sis? Do you need more time?
【Mizuki's Sister's Voice】A little bit more.
【Mizuki's Sister's Voice】Hmm... This jacket also seems good, but I could go for more of a relaxed look with this cardigan...
【Mizuki】Oh, Sis, wait! Don't decide all by yourself! Let me help!
[Background Change] bg_a002401
【Mizuki's Sister】This accessory shop even sells DIY kits and stuff, huh?
【Mizuki】I've been coming here a lot lately! And they have even more stuff in the back, so let's go in♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Sound] bgm00180
[Caption] Diner
【Mizuki】Phew. All this walking has really made me hungry.
【Mizuki's Sister】Me too. Hmm... What should I order...?
【Mizuki's Sister】Oh, Mizuki, that reminds me. You and your group come here often, right?
【Mizuki】Yeah, we usually throw our after-parties here!
【Mizuki's Sister】Then, I might just base my order on what Ena and the others usually get.
【Mizuki】What Ena and the others usually get...?
【Mizuki】Wait, huh? Aren't you gonna ask what I usually get?
【Mizuki's Sister】You're just gonna order the curry, right? And a mountain of French fries.
【Mizuki】That's right... But that's not all, you know? I'll order their Salisbury steak and stuff!
【Mizuki's Sister】Sorry, sorry. Then, can you tell me what you like to get too?
【Mizuki】Okay♪
【Mizuki】First, I'll order their piping-hot Salisbury steak set! It's pretty hard to eat because it is seriously hot, but it's also really good!
【Mizuki】Kanade usually gets something from the noodles section. I think she gets their wonton noodles the most!
【Mizuki】The thing is, until not too long ago, Kanade was practically living off of instant noodles each day.
【Mizuki】But she's been eating much more properly lately. She even said that she looks forward to having the noodles here.
【Mizuki's Sister】I see.
【Mizuki】Next, we have Mafuyu. She usually gets a plate of pasta.
【Mizuki】But she doesn't really order based on what she wants to eat. She doesn't want to read through the menu, so she just always picks the first thing that's listed.
【Mizuki's Sister】*Nod*
【Mizuki】Then there's Ena, who usually orders some sort of dessert. But she'll share some of her parfaits and cakes with us.
【Mizuki】Oh, that reminds me! Whenever Ena's watching her calorie intake or trying to be healthy, she'll just order salad...
【Mizuki】But she never feels full, and usually ends up ordering from the dessert menu.
【Mizuki's Sister】Oh, I see.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Mizuki】Anyway, that's just about everything we usually order♪ Did it help?
[Sound] bgm00171
【Mizuki's Sister】Yes, a lot.
【Mizuki's Sister】But we do have a bit of a problem.
【Mizuki】A problem?
【Mizuki's Sister】I was so focused on how much fun you were having talking about your friends that I missed about half of what you said.
【Mizuki】Whaaat?! I told you all that to try to help you, Sis!
【Mizuki's Sister】Sorry, sorry! But you had such a big smile on your face, and it's really clear how much you love them all, so I just couldn't help it.
【Mizuki's Sister】Can we call it even if I pay today?
【Mizuki】Alright, fine... I'll tell you everything again, so listen closely.
【Mizuki's Sister】I will!
【Mizuki】Honestly...
[Sound] bgm00000
