【Shiraishi An — Happy Birthday! 2025〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Shiraishi An
Card: Happy Birthday! 2025（BD）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 010036_an02

[Background Change] bg_a001502
[Caption] Shibuya Park
【Airi】Are you ready, everyone?
【Haruka】Let's give An our birthday wishes!
【Haruka】Happy birthday!
【Everyone】Happy birthday!
【An】Thanks, you guys!
【An】But also, I can't believe you're here! I had no idea you were coming to watch!
【Minori】Hehehe, looks like we managed to pull off our surprise!
【Shizuku】Hehe. I brought a cake and some snacks. Please dig in, everyone!
【An】Thank you, Shizuku! That's so thoughtful of you.
【Shizuku】No, this is the least I can do on your birthday.
【Minori】Ideally, we would've liked to go to a cafe or restaurant.
【Airi】With this many people, that would have been impossible without a reservation. Sorry about that, An.
【An】Don't even worry about it!
【An】Actually, celebrating out here in the park feels really spacious and relaxing!
【Ena】Hehe, I kinda get what you mean.
【Mizuki】Still, it's a shame Li'l Bro and Toya couldn't stay for this.
【An】Oh... Yeah. They said they both had plans later, so they had to get going.
【An】(Specifically, they needed to go help set up the party in SEKAI.)
【Minori】Really? What a shame.
【Mizuki】Oh, I just remembered! This is your birthday present from me♪
【An】Really? Thanks! I wonder what it is... Can I open it now?
【Mizuki】Of course! You're gonna love what I got you!
[Sound] se00055_b
【An】Oh, ear cuffs! They're so cute. I love them!
【Kohane】They have little sparkling stars on them. I bet they'll look really good on you.
【Mizuki】Right?! They're a new item for this season that we just got in at work!
【Mizuki】I also thought they'd look good on you, so I got you a pair. Am I or am I not a fashion genius?
【An】You are! I'm gonna put these on now.
【Haruka】Hehe. We have a present for you too.
【An】Really? What is it?
【Minori】It's a hamper of beauty products! There's lotion, hair oil, all sorts!
【An】Wow! Thanks, you guys! Are these products that you all use?
【Airi】Yep! I recommend this body oil. It smells amazing and absorbs quickly, so you can use it without any hassle!
【Shizuku】I use this hair oil. It leaves your hair shiny and soft, so you should try it out!
【An】Wow! With idol endorsements like that, I bet these are all gonna work like magic!
【Haruka】Hehe, you can count on that.
【An】I bet! I'm gonna start using these today.
【An】Still, I wasn't expecting to have such a big birthday celebration.
【An】Speaking of which, who planned the surprise? Haruka?
【Haruka】Wrong answer! Guess again.
【An】Really? Then... Mizuki?
【Mizuki】I do love a good surprise, but not this time.
【An】Not you either? Then...
【Mizuki】C'mooon! The obvious person is sitting right by you!
【An】Huh...? Wait, you mean...
【An】This was your idea, Kohane?
【Kohane】Y-Yeah. I thought it would be nice for everyone to get together for your birthday.
【Kohane】And you were so excited for the street performance, so I wanted everyone else to come watch.
【An】Kohane...
【Kohane】I didn't really do anything... I just invited everyone. But I'm glad you've had a good time.
【An】Hey, that's not nothing! You're the best partner I could ask for, Kohane!
[Sound] se00121_b
【Kohane】Wah! An, I can't breathe!
【Minori, Mizuki & Haruka】Hahaha. Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000334
[Sound] bgm00241
【Minori】Once again, happy birthday, An!
【Shiho & Haruka】Happy birthday!
【Minori】Our surprise went off without a hitch! The look on your face was priceless!
【Haruka】You must have really been getting into the song since you didn't spot us watching right up close.
【Shiho】Really? I wish I could've heard them perform.
【Haruka】Hehe, it was an amazing performance. I heard that the big event they were working on was a success, and it's no surprise with voices like that.
【Shiho】Wow. I'll have to go see them perform sometime. Shiraishi, keep up the good work.
【Mizuki】Happy birthday, An♪ I had so much fun chatting until it got dark at your surprise party!
【Ena】Shiraishi didn't even want to go home then, did she? We must've talked for three hours already, and she hadn't had enough.
【Shizuku】It's heartwarming for guests to hear from the birthday girl that she wants to spend more time together. I'm glad you had a good time, An.
【Airi】Let's all get together again sometime, and you can get your fill of chatter. Happy birthday, An!
【Nene】Happy birthday, Shiraishi.
【Tsukasa & Rui】Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
【Tsukasa】We need to make up for missing the surprise party with a grand birthday celebration!
【Rui】Hehe, we'll be sure to outdo ourselves. I'll come up with an exciting new show to mark the occasion.
【Nene】Yeah... I'd like to sing you something to make up for missing the party.
【Nene】I hope you look forward to it...
【Kohane】Happy birthday, An!
【Toya】Happy birthday. It seems you thoroughly enjoyed your surprise party.
【Akito】You were still energetic by the time of the party in SEKAI... Well, as long as you had a good birthday.
【Kohane】Yeah. It made me happy to see you smiling so much.
【Kohane】Let's keep giving it our all, An!
[Background Change] bg_c000401
【An】You guys! Thank you so much for all your birthday wishes!
【An】I got to tick something off my list, had a surprise party thrown for me and overall had the best birthday I could ask for!
【An】The latest in a long list of things I owe to the amazing people around me!
【An】I feel like this I've been energized to be an even better singer! Just watch this space!
[Sound] bgm00000
