【Tenma Tsukasa — An Emergency Meeting?!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: An Emergency Meeting?!（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: A Gentleman Thief's Thrilling White Day?!
scenarioId: 013015_tsukasa02

[Background Change] bg_a000501
[Caption] A few days after White Day
[Caption] Kamiyama High School
【Tsukasa】Now, what to do about lunch today...
【Rui】I'm still undecided. Oh, is that...?
【Tsukasa】Well, if it isn't Toya and Akito... Akiyama's with them today too.
【Rui】You're right. When's the last time we saw them? White Day?
【Tsukasa】Now that you mention it, I haven't had a chance to ask how White Day went for them...
【Tsukasa】Alright, why don't we ask them to join us for lunch...?
[Sound] se00170
【Tsukasa】Toya, Akito, Akiyama! Are you about to have lunch?
【Akito】Ugh...
【Toya】Yes, are you two about to have lunch as well?
【Rui】We are. Why don't we all have lunch together?
【Toya】Really? Thank you.
【Mizuki】Yeah, that sounds great! This should be fun♪
【Akito】Fun...? Don't you mean obnoxious?
【Toya】Oh, Tsukasa. I heard that your show at the Chocolate Factory went very well.
【Tsukasa】Ah, did Akito and Akiyama tell you already?
【Toya】Yes, they did. I wish I was there to see your performance.
【Rui】Hehe. As I. It was incredible to hear how the three of you ended up having to cheer up Tsukasa's fellow cast member.
【Toya】Yes, exactly. Being able to cheer them up while keeping the show going is no small feat, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】But I wouldn't have been able to do that on my own.
【Tsukasa】Akiyama! Akito! That show wouldn't have gone so well without you two. Thank you both very much!
【Mizuki】Hehe. You're welcome.
【Akito】First the wedding flash mob, and now this... Seriously, what are the odds...?
【Tsukasa】But you did a magnificent job! You were so good with the little ones too.
【Mizuki】Yeah, you were like their bright and cheerful big brother♪
【Akito】Thanks, I guess?
【Tsukasa】While we're on the subject, there's something I'd like to ask you two.
【Tsukasa】Were you able to give everyone the chocolates you made that day?
【Akito】Huh? I mean, yeah...
【Toya】Shiraishi and Azusawa seemed to really enjoy what you made.
【Tsukasa】I see. And yours was for everyone in your music group, right?
【Mizuki】Signed, sealed and delivered♪ They loved the fact that I made everything myself.
【Tsukasa】Thank goodness. Especially after the trouble you had to go through to make them.
【Tsukasa】As for me, I put on a special White Day show for my sister and the other members of our troupe.
【Rui】That was a superb spectacle! I honestly didn't see that coming.
【Mizuki】Wait, what?! You gotta tell us more!
【Tsukasa】Hahahaha! Did that get your attention? Then, allow me to show you some pictures of what happened!
[Sound] se00183
【Tsukasa】The chocolatey White Day gift I made for Saki and the others looked like... This!!
[Sound] se00209
【Akito】What...?!
【Mizuki】It's a chocolate Pegasus! It's so lifelike! I mean, look at its wings! This is way too good!
【Tsukasa】After wrapping our show at the Chocolate Factory, I had some of the staff there help me put this together.
【Toya】This is definitely something only you could come up with, Tsukasa. I'm sure Saki didn't know what to do with herself when she saw this.
【Tsukasa】Indeed! They were hesitant to eat it because it was so cute that they took countless pictures before they did!
【Akito】Yeah, it's very you...
【Akito】But if I'm gonna be honest, I'd be asking a lot of questions if someone ever gave me anything like this.
【Rui】Hehe. I can see why.
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah hah hah!
【Tsukasa】It's only natural for a star such as myself to bedazzle an audience in such a manner!
【Akito】Geez, what's the view like from up there?
【Mizuki】Hahaha!
[Sound] bgm00000
