【Azusawa Kohane — Lemonade Break♪〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: Lemonade Break♪（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: The Vivid Old Tale
scenarioId: 009019_kohane02

[Background Change] bg_a001501
[Caption] Shibuya Park
【Kohane】Okay... Another day spent singing...
【An】Yeah... Wait, huh? It's still light out?
【Toya】According to the clock, we were over there for about three hours.
【Akito】It always feels like we get a lot done whenever we practice with Miku and the others. A couple hours can seem like half a day, you know?
【An】Yeah. Now, since we have some time on our hands, wanna head over to my place for a break?
【Kohane】Oh, hang on! Can we go for a quick walk around the city?
【Toya】Around the city?
【Kohane】Yeah! We have to “take a look at this city”, right?
【Kohane】I have a feeling that we'll learn something if we look around as much as we can.
【An】Oh, that reminds me of how you and Uncle Taiga spent a bunch of time walking around town.
【Akito】Yeah, I remember hearing that too.
【Akito】I agree that thinking alone probably won't get us anywhere. Actually going for a look might give us some new leads.
【Toya】Yes, I'm also curious as to why you and Taiga went for a walk during practice.
【An】Alright, let's try going on the walk you and Uncle Taiga went on!
【An】Kohane, do you remember what route you guys took?
【Kohane】Yeah, I still remember! We started at a ramen shop at the end of Vivid Street!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c001102
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] Vivid Street
【Kohane】Let's see... We came to this ramen shop after stopping by that record store.
【Akito】It's a different one compared to where we started.
【Toya】Does Taiga like ramen that much or something?
【Kohane】Yeah, it sounded like he used to eat ramen all the time when he was younger and came here pretty often.
【Kohane】This shop's famous for its pork broth and miso ramen, but he likes to get the fried rice with ankake sauce.
【An】Oh, I think I remember! The boss kept telling Uncle Taiga, “You've gotta try my best dish at least once!”
[Sound] se00380
【Boss】Hm? Well if it isn't An and Vivid BAD SQUAD. I thought I heard some familiar voices.
【An】Hi. We were just taking a stroll around town!
【Boss】Hahaha! You guys really like hanging out with each other, huh? Just like Ken and Taiga back in the day.
【Boss】Also, I'm about to add a new menu item soon. Don't forget to stop by for a taste!
【Boss】Here, take this flyer. Bring it next time to get half off your next meal!
【Kohane】H-Half off?!
【An】Whoa, awesome! Alright, we'll try to stop by the next chance we get.
【Boss】Great! I'll be waiting!
【Kohane】Okay, next... We stopped by here.
【Toya】The greengrocer?
【Akito】Yeah, I was sorta expecting to see a live house or two by now...
【Kohane】Oh, this place closes at 8:00 pm, so you can get a lot of stuff really cheap around 7:30 pm!
【Akito】Do we really need to know that...?
【An】Haha! It's absolutely essential if you live around here!
【An】Hi! Is Grandma here today?
【Greengrocer Lady】Oh, An, hello. Sorry, she's seeing the chiropractor today.
【An】Oh no! Is she okay?
【Greengrocer Lady】No, she's fine. A friend of hers is in town and she just went over to chat.
【An】Oh, thank goodness! I was worried that she wasn't.
【Greengrocer Lady】There's nothing to worry about! She may look like a granny these days, but she's always saying how young she feels.
【Greengrocer Lady】Be sure to stop by again soon. We're going to start selling the chilled pineapples like we do every year.
【Toya】Chilled pineapples?
【An】You haven't heard of them? They're ice-cold pineapples that are cut into sticks!
【Greengrocer Lady】We're very proud of our pineapples, so please stop by to try them. Grandma and I will be waiting right here.
【Kohane】We will! Thank you for having us!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Akito】Alright, Kohane, that seems to be about everything you and Taiga saw...
[Sound] bgm00024
【Kohane】Yeah... But we didn't really learn much...
【Toya】No, we learned about that fried rice with ankake sauce, how we can buy cheap produce and chilled pineapples.
【Toya】I'm actually looking forward to trying some of those pineapples.
【An】Yeah, we've gotta grab a few sometime! And she wasn't here today, but Grandma's a super nice person!
【Akito】Okay, we get it.
【Akito】Also, you seemed to really enjoy this walk from start to finish.
【An】Oh, was it that obvious?
【Kohane】Hehe. You were smiling the whole time as you told us about all these things that only the locals would know.
【An】Yeah, it was kinda like having my friends over at my house.
【An】I had so much fun that I totally forgot about our main goal!
【Akito】You're kidding, right?
【Toya】We didn't get many insights into what it means to “take a look at this city”... But we got a taste of just how welcoming this city is.
【Kohane】Hehe. The boss of the ramen shop and the greengrocer lady were so nice too.
【Akito】Still, we need to think more about what it means to “take a look at this city”.
【Akito】Considering how much it's puzzling Tono, finding an answer won't be easy.
【Kohane】Yeah, so let's work together and do our best to find the answer.
【An】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
