【Megurine Luka — Precise Advice〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Megurine Luka
Card: Precise Advice（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Live with Memories
scenarioId: 024018_luka02

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Luka】(“Add up all the joy you've felt since you met”...)
【Luka】(I'm never going to get tired of hearing that.)
[Sound] se00046
[Sound] se00047
【MEIKO】Oh, Luka, it's you. I was wondering who was listening to that song.
【MEIKO】Mind if I join you?
【Luka】Be my guest.
【MEIKO】This really is a wonderful song. It has this way of filling your heart with so much warmth.
【Luka】Yes, it really does...
【MEIKO】And we're only able to listen to it now because you gave Ichika such great advice, Luka!
【Luka】Oh? I appreciate the compliment, but that won't score you any freebies with me.
【Luka】I mean, all I did was give her a little push. Given the opportunity, those girls always know how to figure out what's most important.
【MEIKO】True. They really are an amazing bunch.
【MEIKO】It started with hearing that those two were their fans, but they ended up doing so much for them...
【Luka】Hehe. Because they're such nice girls.
【Luka】So I'm beyond glad that they got this song ready in time for their show.
【MEIKO】Me too. Their tough schedule definitely started taking its toll on them, but they made sure to support each other the entire way...
【MEIKO】It's like they were able to clear the goal and say, “Our thoughts and feelings won out!”
【Luka】I agree.
【MEIKO】But I was honestly pretty worried about them burning out partway through because of how hard they had to try.
【Luka】Oh, you were?
【Luka】I believed that they'd pull through in the end because of the power of their feelings.
【MEIKO】Haha! Talk about being a senior. You really know what your juniors are like, huh?
【MEIKO】At the same time, I stand to learn a lot from you.
【Luka】Again, MEIKO, stop putting me on a pedestal. You're just as important to them, you know?
【MEIKO】Oh, it must be true coming from you!
【Luka】Okay, I get it.
【MEIKO】Oh, that reminds me... There's something I want to ask you, Luka.
【Luka】Hm? Yes?
【MEIKO】Of course, it's about the girls.
【MEIKO】I was joking about that “senior” bit just now, but you and Miku have known them longer than I have.
【MEIKO】So I've been meaning to ask more about what they're like.
【Luka】I'll answer as best I can.
【MEIKO】Thanks! About Ichika... I was totally blown away by her.
【MEIKO】For example, she's the one who invited Hanano and her brother to see another show, right?
【Luka】Yes, I heard that as well.
【MEIKO】Wow. I was under the impression that Saki would be the one to act first since this had to do with a pair of siblings...
【MEIKO】This must be right out of “The Legend of Ichi the Mighty”...
【Luka】Hehe. Did Saki tell you about that?
【MEIKO】No, Miku told me. Apparently, Ichika used to be the bold and daring type.
【MEIKO】Like the time when she used her textbook as an umbrella to keep Saki from getting wet, or the time she jumped in to save Honami from some mean boys.
【Luka】True. But she's still pretty bold and daring now, no?
【Luka】I heard that she saved this girl from some aggressive solicitors just the other day.
【MEIKO】Yeah, I heard that too. As reliable as ever, huh?
【Luka】Yes, she really is.
【Luka】She may regain more of these wonderful qualities as her resolve continues to build, and blossom into this shining symbol of hope...
【Luka】That's why I can't wait to see how Ichika as we know her develops moving forward.
【MEIKO】Yes, me too.
【MEIKO】However, I can't believe you're telling me all this. You must really be in a mood to talk today, Luka.
【Luka】Oh, you think so? If that's the case...
【Luka】This song may be the reason why.
[Sound] bgm00000
