【Otori Emu — Beware Of Thieves!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: Beware Of Thieves!（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Halt! Tenma's on the Case
scenarioId: 014037_emu02

[Background Change] bg_d002801
[Caption] Mikazukigumi Practice Area
【Kijima】Sorry, everyone!
【Kijima】I feel terrible about having our farewell party here since it's supposed to be a special occasion...
【Tsukasa】No, that's not a problem!
【Tsukasa】It isn't your fault that the place you usually go to was closed due to an emergency... We're just glad to be here!
【Emu】Plus, we owe you and your troupe so much for letting us train here! This place has a special place in our hearts now!
【Kijima】Thank you for saying that.
【Kijima】Alright, then...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Kijima】Today, we have to say farewell to Wonderlands×Showtime! So, let's give them a proper send-off!
【Kijima】Cheers!
【Emu, Tsukasa, Rui & Nene】Cheeers! Cheers!
【Kijima】On top of everything we got from the deli, we splurged on pizza and sushi! Feel free to have as much as you like!
[Sound] bgm00190
【Emu】Yay, pizza♪ Let's dig in!
【Tsukasa】I'll have some as well! Ow, hot!
【Nene】S-Slow down, you two. That pizza's still scalding hot.
【Rui】Still, there's so much here. Chili prawns, Salisbury steaks, omelets, fried chicken... I don't know where to begin.
【Emu】Oh, I'm gonna have some of this sushi next☆
【Tsukasa】Wait, Emu, you've already finished eating that pizza?! But it's molten hot!
【Emu】Hehe. It was so good that I had to gobble it up whole♪
[Sound] bgm00000
【Nene】Phew... I'm stuffed...
[Sound] bgm00018
【Mikazukigumi Members】I'm glad you enjoyed everything. Here, have some tea.
【Nene】Oh, thank you! I really appreciate it.
【Kijima】But you two still seem hungry, Otori, Tenma...!
【Emu】Yup! I've still got plenty of room left in my tummy!!!
【Kijima】Hah hah hah! I like your spirit!
【Rui】But we really need to thank you again for throwing us a farewell party like this.
【Rui】We learned a lot from all of you. We owe you a great debt.
【Kijima】No, we should also be thanking you. The performances we did together were so fun and eye-opening!
【Kijima】And we certainly wouldn't have been able to catch the thief that was terrorizing Hiori Jidaigeki Studio Park without all of you.
【Mikazukigumi Members】He's right. We honestly couldn't believe it when we saw you up on top of that fire tower, Otori.
【Emu】Wait, you saw me?!
【Mikazukigumi Members】Just when we were thinking that it'd be nice to have an eye in the sky, we noticed you up there...
【Kijima】That was a great idea! We wouldn't have been able to catch that thief without your plan, Otori.
【Emu】Hehe. I'm glad I was able to help♪
【Emu】But I didn't come up with that idea! A friend of mine did! I'll make sure to thank her the next chance I get!
【Mikazukigumi Members】I see! Still, your vision must be really good since you were able to pick out individual people from that high up.
【Nene】Yeah, it really is incredible...
【Kijima】Right, I was also amazed by that! I didn't know anyone could see that far without using a pair of binoculars!
【Emu】Hehe. My vision's always been super good!
【Mikazukigumi Members】You're also really athletic, Otori.
【Mikazukigumi Members】I know, right?! We thought we'd gotten used to that sort of thing looking at our leader, but you just kept finding new ways to surprise us...
【Rui】Hehe. Emu's always surprising us as well.
【Emu】Huh? Is that true?
【Tsukasa】Yes. You're always somersaulting down from these tall trees!
【Nene】And you dodged everyone's attacks with ease during our sword fighting practices. Plus, you're really fast.
【Emu】Woohoo! Everyone's showering me with praise!
【Tsukasa】There's more where that came from.
【Rui】When we got stranded on that island, you were the first one to find us berries and bananas.
【Mikazukigumi Members】S-Stranded...?
【Kijima】Hah hah hah...! Sounds like you all had yourselves an interesting adventure!
【Kijima】Shosuke told me a little about all of you, but you really are a fun bunch of kids.
【Kijima】I wish we could spend some more time together since it really felt like you were constantly surprising us!
【Emu】I wish we could stay longer too...!
【Emu】You had me on the edge of my seat every time I saw you play a character, Mr. Kijima...
【Emu】Now I really wanna learn how to put on those kinds of performances!
【Kijima】That makes me really happy.
【Kijima】As long as we all keep on acting, I'm sure we'll cross paths again someday.
【Kijima】So, I'll be looking forward to the day we meet again!
【Emu】Me too!
【Emu】I'm gonna practice lots and lots to make sure I blow you guys away the next time we meet!!!
【Kijima】Ah, we'll certainly be looking forward to that!
【Emu】(They're all so nice... And I learned so much from them.)
【Emu】(I have to make the most of what they taught me!)
【Emu】(Because I wanna make as many people as I can smile from ear to ear!)
[Sound] bgm00000
