【Hoshino Ichika — We're With You〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hoshino Ichika
Card: We're With You（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Unsteady, Still Steady Step
scenarioId: 001044_ichika01

[Background Change] bg_b002201
[Caption] Photo Shoot
[Sound] se00075_b
【Photographer】Oh, that's good! Alright, let's try this angle next...
[Sound] se00075_b
【Photographer】Okay, that's perfect! For your first time doing a cover shoot, you know how to work!
【Ichika】Th-Thank you very much...
【Photographer】Alright, that's it for the shots of all four of you together! Let's take a quick break now!
【Crew Member】We'll resume in fifteen. Next, we'll be taking shots of you individually.
【Ichika】Okay, thank you very much!
【Saki】Hehe. That photographer praised us so much♪
【Ichika】I was a little nervous about being on the cover of a magazine... But I'm glad this shoot's going well.
【Shiho】Don't go relaxing just yet. We still have to take our solo shots.
【Honami】Oh...
【Honami】Solo shots...
【Ichika】Is something wrong, Honami?
【Honami】Um... I'm a little anxious about having to be all by myself.
【Honami】During our last photo shoot, I ended up taking a really long time during the solo portion.
【Saki】I know how you feel! Every time we do solo shoots they tell me my face ends up looking weird.
【Shiho】It's hard not to be nervous.
【Honami】*Nod*
【Honami】Oh, but Ichika, your shoots always go fairly smoothly. Is it because you're used to being on camera?
【Ichika】What?
【Shiho】She's probably the most used to it out of all of us, I guess. A lot of magazines until now have asked for solo shoots with just the vocalist.
【Ichika】It's true I've done mostly solo shoots... But aren't you probably more used to having your picture taken, Saki?
【Saki】I mean, I take a lot of pics on my phone, but this is totally different!
【Saki】I always start thinking about how I have to be sure I look cool and stuff, which makes me freeze up!
【Honami】Hehe. The photographers tell us to just act natural, but that's easier said than done.
【Shiho】So basically, it boils down to just relaxing.
【Saki】Which makes what you do all the more amazing, Ichi! What's your secret? How do you always do it?
【Ichika】Hmm... I really don't do anything special...
【Ichika】Oh, but I have recently been making an effort to think about fun things.
【Honami】Fun things?
【Ichika】Yeah. They told me that might help me relax at another photo shoot a little while ago.
【Ichika】For example, I'll think about all the times we've had lunch together at school. I've also thought about my favorite Miku songs.
【Honami】I see. That does seem like a good way to calm yourself.
【Saki】Yeah! I think I'm getting it!
【Saki】In my case, I can try remembering all the times we hung out together! We always have so much fun!
【Honami】I might try thinking about my walks with Shibao. What about you, Shiho?
【Shiho】Me? Well... I found a good song the other day, so I could just try playing it in my head...
【Saki】Ooh! That sounds like the perfect solution for you!
【Ichika】Hehe. I hope all your ideas work.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001002
[Sound] bgm00180
[Caption] A few hours later
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Honami】Nice work, everyone. Our shoot ended up going very well.
【Ichika】The photographer said that they were able to get a lot of good pictures. I can't wait to see how everything turns out.
【Saki】Even our solo shoots ended up going well thanks to you, Ichi♪
【Ichika】All I did was pass on what a different photographer told me.
【Ichika】But I am glad that I was able to help you all.
【Shiho】While we're on the subject, what did you think about during this shoot, Ichika?
【Saki】Oh, I was also gonna ask that! Everyone at the shoot was talking about how beautiful your smile was.
【Honami】The three of us talked about how you must've been thinking about something incredibly fun.
【Ichika】Huh? Umm...
【Ichika】The truth is, I was thinking about this new bakery I found the other day. Their yakisoba buns were so good...
【Ichika】So I was remembering eating them...
【Saki】Haha. That's great, Ichi!
【Honami】So that beautiful smile was all thanks to yakisoba buns.
【Shiho】They must've been really good if they made you smile just from remembering them.
【Ichika】Oh... Now I'm starting to feel a little embarrassed...
[Sound] bgm00000
