【Azusawa Kohane — The "Legend" We Came To Know〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: The "Legend" We Came To Know（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: The Legend Still Vivid
scenarioId: 009015_kohane01

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A
【Minori】Hm? You still have half a Salisbury steak left, Shiho. Are you saving the best for last?
【Shiho】Yeah. Do you two prefer otherwise?
【Kohane】I might be on your side. There's always a part of me that tells me to hold off eating what I like or what's good since it'll be gone before I know it.
【Minori】Oh, I know exactly how you feel!
【Minori】But... I can't help but eat them first because they're so yummy!
【Minori】It's almost like I become totally powerless whenever I'm faced with my favorite things.
【Minori】Even when I'm watching idol concerts, I try to sit quietly and absorb what I'm seeing, but I usually end up singing and cheering out loud without realizing it...!
【Shiho】Okay, I sort of get the first part, but your landing was a little funny.
【Kohane】Hehe. I think I understand what she's trying to say.
【Kohane】(There's so much you can learn or gain by actually going to shows and events.)
【Kohane】(But...)
[Sound] se00053
【Minori】Oh, that reminds me. You guys are trying to surpass that one event... RAD WEEKEND, right?
【Minori】Does that mean you watch videos of that event as a team?
[Background Change] bg_c000101
【An】Yeah... There aren't any as far as I know.
【Akito】Yeah. No cameras were allowed during RAD WEEKEND.
[Background Change] bg_a000401
【Kohane】(It's so sad that there aren't any videos of RAD WEEKEND out there...)
【Kohane】(As a result, I've had to ask An and everyone else about what they witnessed...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_c000101
【An】Yeah. This area has always had a lot of artists, and they put on events all the time.
【An】But my dad and his team organized this event called RAD WEEKEND and gathered a bunch of the best ones who really knew how to get a crowd going.
【An】It was a mix of all sorts of genres, but everyone shared an absolute love of music.
【An】It was the coolest event ever! It was so exciting I could barely breathe. I thought my heart was going to explode!
[Background Change] bg_c001103
【An】It was sort of like... When the four of us battled against Arata during that event, I guess?
【An】As the night went on, one performer after another got up on stage and kept getting the crowd more and more pumped!
【An】Everybody wanted to sing! Everybody wanted to hear more! The sky was the limit that night!
【An】Everyone there was so excited and couldn't wait to see what would happen next.
【An】It's something you can't really achieve by any normal means. That might be the best way to describe RAD WEEKEND... How's that?
[Background Change] bg_a000401
【Kohane】(An's even told me about everyone who participated in that event along with their set lists so that I have some sort of baseline reference.)
【Kohane】(But I still have to rely on my imagination...)
【Kohane】(It just isn't the same... I wasn't there to see RAD WEEKEND happen.)
【Shiho】Kohane...? Is something bothering you?
【Minori】You seem really concerned...
【Kohane】I-It's nothing! Really!
【Shiho】Well, if you say so...
【Minori】Oh, Kohane, I happen to have three jellies on me right now. Want one?
【Kohane】A-Are you sure, Minori? I wouldn't want to take away from your lunch.
【Minori】Yes, I'm sure! After all, this is a special lunch!
【Minori】Your choices are strawberry, orange and melon. Which would you like?
【Kohane】I really appreciate it, but you should choose first since it's your lunch.
【Minori】Alright, in that case... I've made my choice!
【Shiho】My bet's on the melon one.
【Kohane】Oh, I thought the same thing. Minori seems like a melon person.
【Minori】C-Correct! How did you two know?
【Kohane】Hehe. I had a feeling.
【Shiho】Same.
[Sound] bgm00000
