【Hoshino Ichika — Escape By Sea〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hoshino Ichika
Card: Escape By Sea（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: One Small Trip Before a Big Journey
scenarioId: 001024_ichika02

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C
【Saki】Ichi! Morning!
【Ichika】Morning, Saki.
【Saki】The field trip was so much fun! I was talking to my mom about Yokohama the whole night after I got home♪
【Ichika】I did the same thing when I gave my parents their souvenirs. I told them about how I went on the water taxi with Kiritani and all that.
【Saki】Ah!
【Saki】Time out, Ichi! You're supposed to call her by her first name!
【Ichika】Huh? Oh...that's right...
【Ichika】I'm so used to calling her by her last name that it's a bit hard to just switch—
[Sound] se00046_b
【Haruka】Good morning.
【Ichika】Good morning, Kiritani—oh...
【Saki】*Whistle* You called her by her last name again! You get a yellow card, Ichi!
【Ichika】*Grimace* That's what I was saying before. It's just reflex...
【Haruka】Even if we agreed to switch, it does take some time to get used to it, huh?
【Ichika】But still, it does make me happy to call each other by our first names... I'll try my best.
【Saki】Hmm. If it's just about getting used to it, then why don't we play a game to help with that?
【Ichika】What? A game?
【Saki】Yeah! Before speaking, you first say the other person's name, and then the person who is spoken to will say your name after they reply.
【Saki】And you're not allowed to slip up or forget to call them by their first name♪
【Haruka】That sounds interesting. Okay, I guess it'd go something like this...
【Haruka】Ichika, the field trip was so much fun.
【Ichika】Oh, uh...yes. I was just talking to Saki about it.
【Saki】Ichi, her name! Don't forget her name!
【Ichika】What? Oh...Haruka.
【Saki】There we go! That's the spirit! Alright, now you try starting Ichi♪
【Ichika】Okay. Um...
【Ichika】Haruka... The weather's really nice today.
【Haruka】Hehe. It really is, Ichika.
【Haruka】Ichika, have you given your family their souvenirs?
【Ichika】Yes. Mom and Dad really liked them. It was worth spending all of that time picking them out with everyone.
【Ichika】...Haruka.
【Ichika】Um... Saki, you said that you couldn't stop talking about Yokohama with your mom yesterday, right?
【Saki】Mhm! From when we were on the way to after we got there, I told her about everything♪
【Saki】I had so much to say that she ended up listening and chatting with me even after dinner, Ichi.
【Ichika】(Even Saki is sticking to the rules...)
【Ichika】Haruka, what about you? Did you talk to your family about the trip?
【Haruka】I did. And when I gave them the souvenir sailor penguin chocolates we saw after we got off the water taxi...
【Haruka】My mom said that she had actually seen them before when she went to Yokohama with her friends a long time ago.
【Saki】Really? So that means they must be pretty popular.
【Haruka】I think so.
【Haruka】She also said that she's been friends with them ever since. So, this is a bit of a strange segue, but...
[Sound] se00055_b
【Haruka】Here, I'd like you two to have some.
【Saki】Wow!!! Does that mean if we eat these, our friendship will be forever lasting?!
【Haruka】Hehe. It's not like they actually ate these, so this is just a token of sorts...
【Ichika】Even so, that makes me happy. I also want to be closer friends with you, Haruka.
[Sound] se00005_b
【Haruka】We should get to our seats. See you—
【Ichika】Oh! Wait, Haruka! You too, Saki.
【Ichika】Would you two like to eat lunch together, the three of us?
【Haruka】I'd like that. Sounds good.
【Saki】Mhm! Let's have lunch together♪
【Ichika】I can't wait.
[Sound] se00097_b
【Ichika】Saki, thanks for suggesting that game. I think I've gotten the hang of calling Haruka by her first name now.
【Saki】Hehehe. You're very welcome♪
[Sound] bgm00000
