【Otori Emu — Enter Count Otori!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: Enter Count Otori!（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: To You, My Caring Companion
scenarioId: 014025_emu02

[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Emu】Oh where, oh where could they be☆ Aha!
[Sound] se00171_b
【Emu】Morning, everyone! Time for a wonderhoy blitz♪
[Sound] se00349_b
【Tsukasa & Nene】Huh?! Eep!
[Sound] se00420_b
【Emu】Huh?! Hey, you guys managed to dodge me♪
【Tsukasa】We managed?! Don't put us in this position in the first place!
【Rui】Hehe. As energetic as ever, I see.
【Nene】Too energetic if you ask me... I mean, it's still too early for this. I thought my heart was gonna stop...
【Emu】Hehe☆ Sorry if I startled you guys, but there's something I wanna tell you!
【Nene】Tell us?
【Rui】Do you have news regarding the bridal fair you told us about the other day? I heard that it attracted quite a crowd.
【Emu】Yup! It wasn't all just grown-ups either. Lots of people our age came to see dresses with their friends and stuff!
【Emu】They saw all the pretty dresses on display and said that they hoped to get to wear them someday in the future, and some even tried them on at the fair!
【Tsukasa】Yes, I see. After all, a wedding dress means something special to everyone.
【Emu】Yeah, you should've seen how their eyes sparkled when they tried them on!
【Emu】Their friends were totally dazzled when they saw someone they know wearing one. Some of them looked a little embarrassed, but everyone seemed to have a lot of fun!
【Rui】That's good to hear.
【Nene】Oh yeah, how'd the wedding show go? Did you guys end up using our idea?
【Emu】We did! Everyone seemed to really enjoy performing!
【Nene】Wait, really?
【Tsukasa】Hm? You sound perplexed. Did you forget that we planned it together?
【Nene】I know it was our idea, but I still wasn't sure if a vampire barging in on someone's wedding would actually work as a plot.
【Rui】Yes, it must've been quite staggering at first.
【Tsukasa】So, Emu, how did it go in practice?
【Emu】People were surprised. They really didn't know what to do!
【Emu】But once they realized that all they had to do was ring the bell, they began to really enjoy it♪
【Rui】They must've felt more comfortable after figuring out the task at hand, even if they couldn't fully grasp the situation.
【Emu】Also, some of the pairs were acting kind of uncomfortable after actually putting the wedding wear on.
【Emu】But after the show started, they went right back to their happy selves for some reason.
【Nene】Oh, that could be because they weren't used to seeing each other in something so glamorous...
【Rui】Hehe. But it seems our show provided just the distraction they needed from those nerves.
【Tsukasa】See?! Which means a vampire was the right choice!
【Nene】Okay, calm down.
【Emu】Oh, also! Honami and her friends decided to participate♪
【Tsukasa】Hm? Honami...?
【Emu】I gave her one of the tickets my brothers gave me.
【Emu】And then, Honami, Kanade and Mizuki all came together!
【Nene】Oh, Yoisaki was there? Wait, did you also say Akiyama?
【Rui】Yoisaki offered an invitation because she knew Mizuki likes to make collages and alterations to clothing.
【Tsukasa】What?! You knew?!
【Rui】Mizuki shared some thoughts with me about our show idea.
【Rui】Our little twist elicited surprise, but the show proved enjoyable in the end.
【Rui】That being said, Mizuki was in the audience while Mochizuki and Yoisaki played the main characters.
【Nene】Interesting... I can kind of see Mochizuki performing in a show, but not Yoisaki.
【Emu】Hehe. Honami and Kanade were both startled in the beginning, but they worked really hard together to ring the bell♪
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a003301
【Emu】So, you just want Kanade to have fun today...?
【Honami】Yes, that was the plan. But it sort of ended up having the opposite effect.
【Honami】I didn't realize it would be this difficult...
[Background Change] bg_a003201
[Background Change] bg_d000201
【Emu】(I'm really glad Honami and Kanade had so much fun in the end.)
【Emu】Hehe...
【Nene】Emu...?
【Emu】I just remembered the way they smiled at the end, and I'm feeling happy all over again♪
【Emu】It wasn't just Honami and the others! Our show made so many people smile from ear to ear!
【Emu】Thank you guys so much for your advice!
【Rui, Tsukasa & Nene】You're welcome! You're welcome.
【Tsukasa】Well, enough chatter for now. I believe it's about time we began practicing.
【Emu】Okay! Thanks for listening!
【Nene】Thanks for telling us what happened. I've been meaning to ask you about it for a little while now.
【Rui】Alright, shall we get started?
【Tsukasa, Emu & Nene】Yeah! Yeah.
[Sound] bgm00000
