【Tenma Tsukasa — Headed For Stardom!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: Headed For Stardom!（1★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 013001_tsukasa02

[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Sound] se00005
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Class 2-B
[Sound] bgm00020
[Sound] se00047
【Tsukasa】Rui, look at this!
【Rui】Sliding into my classroom at the exact same moment the lunch bell goes off...this must be something serious.
【Tsukasa】Hehehe, look at this!
【Rui】That's not very different from what you just said.
【Tsukasa】Just look! Here, this video!
【Rui】This is...a video of an overseas show?
【Rui】Oh, this is quite...
【Tsukasa】Interesting, right? The pre-show announcement was merely a guise, for the show had already started by then!
【Tsukasa】Some actors dressed up as spectators were waiting in the audience. The show starts off by blurring the line between real life and the performance!
【Rui】The way they move to the stage from the audience is quite smooth. This opening sequence is very well thought-out.
【Tsukasa】Amazing, isn't it?
【Rui】It is. And I find that I-came-up-with-this expression on your face to be quite amazing as well.
【Rui】Anyway, this show should be a useful reference. I must see it in its entirety.
【Tsukasa】Hehe. Yes, yes, I know!
【Tsukasa】Now, here's the main thing I wanted to talk about.
【Tsukasa】I want to use this opening sequence for our first show as well!
【Rui】Go on...
【Tsukasa】We're limited by that shabby stage, but I'm sure we can pull off something similar with a little bit of ingenuity!
【Rui】Yes. It's just that the show in the video and the show we're trying to do are in different genres and flavors.
【Rui】We'll have to adapt it in a way that fits with our style.
【Tsukasa】Of course! And be sure to do it in a way that makes me, the star of the show, as cool as is humanly possible!
【Rui】I'll keep your request in mind and think hard about how to incorporate that into the stage production.
【Tsukasa】I'm counting on you!
【Tsukasa】A stage is a stage, no matter how small or dilapidated!
【Tsukasa】The future musical star, Tsukasa Tenma is about to take his first step towards conquering the world!
【Rui】We'll need to prepare some promotional flyers too.
【Tsukasa】Oh, you're right. I'll have to check with Emu about what sort of arrangements are in place for that.
【Tsukasa】Well, even if she doesn't know, those mascots hanging around her should have some idea, at least.
【Rui】I'm looking forward to it already. It would be really nice if we could make this show a success.
【Tsukasa】With I myself as the showman, scriptwriter, and lead actor, there's no way the show wouldn't be a big hit!
【Tsukasa】You've added a lot of interesting effects too, remember?
【Tsukasa】Our first show will be filled to capacity! We'll receive a standing ovation after the final curtain for sure!
【Rui】Hehe... Your confidence is quite something.
【Tsukasa】Hm? What's wrong? You don't sound very enthused... Have you no confidence in your own stage direction?
【Rui】Oh dear? Is that what you think of me?
【Tsukasa】Nah, you'd be the last person on earth to feel that way...
【Rui】I'm glad you know me so well, Tsukasa♪
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Background Change] bg_a000301
【Rui】(There are a few things I'm concerned about, though...)
【Tsukasa】Well, even if you do lose your confidence, fret not!
【Tsukasa】Your stage direction is innovative but classic! Absolutely befitting of a great show led by a superstar! And since the star himself says so, you can be sure it's true!
【Rui】...
【Rui】That's certainly an honor.
【Tsukasa】That was a very productive conversation indeed. Now I can enjoy my midday meal with good cheer.
【Tsukasa】Hehehe...my elegant luncheon awaits. Thanks for your time!
【Rui】No problem. See you after school, Tsukasa.
[Sound] bgm00000
