【Otori Emu — 1920s Girl♪〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: 1920s Girl♪（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Star of Your Own Story
scenarioId: 014031_emu01

[Background Change] bg_d001303
[Caption] Otori Household - Living Room
【Emu】Humhumhuum♪ Yaki-yaki-taiyaki-yaki-ki♪ That was a really yummy taiyaki♪
【Shosuke】What are you singing...?
【Hinata】Hehe. You sound extra happy today.
【Keisuke】I take it you enjoyed the taiyaki we had for dessert?
【Emu】Yup! And it was super wonderhoy because they came in four different flavors♪
【Keisuke】Red bean paste, cream cheese, matcha and... Ah, there was also a chocolate-filled one.
【Emu】Yup yup! I didn't know which to choose because they all looked so yummy!
【Shosuke】And yet, you still ended up trying all of them...
【Shosuke】I bet you never would've been able to choose if we hadn't offered to give you some of ours.
【Emu】B-But they all looked that good! There was no way I could choose just one!
【Hinata】To be fair, you really do love taiyaki that much.
【Emu】I do! I love how they look and how they come in so many fun flavors...
【Emu】But these tasted way better than the ones I usually have!
【Shosuke】Really? They tasted that good?
【Emu】They tasted good...
【Emu】But I think that's because we all got to have them together!
【Emu】You guys have been so busy lately that we haven't had many chances to eat together, right?
【Emu】All four of us are here today—you two, Sis, me—so I'm super duper happy!
【Emu】That's why I think those taiyaki tasted so good!
【Shosuke】You're blowing things out of proportion again.
【Hinata】Still, I'm also happy about the four of us sitting down to have a fun meal together.
【Keisuke】I agree. We're nearly through the busiest time of the year for the company, and Mom is about to return from volunteering overseas.
【Keisuke】We should take the opportunity to spend more time together as a family.
【Emu】Including Mom and Dad? Woohoo! I can't wait♪
【Emu】We even get to start working with that other troupe starting tomorrow...! There's so much fun waiting just over the horizon!
【Shosuke】Ah, yes... I forgot that you were going there tomorrow.
【Hinata】Oh, is this about you and the others learning from different troupes about how to become better performers?
【Emu】Yup! We get to start working with one called Shunmeiza starting tomorrow☆
【Hinata】Shunmeiza...? I just saw one of their plays not too long ago.
【Emu】Wow, really?! How was it?
【Hinata】It was a story set in the modern day about a father and child learning to understand one another after not being able to for so long...
【Hinata】As undramatic as that may sound, I was very moved by it. The cast did such a wonderful job of making each character feel so real.
【Emu】Whoa...!
【Keisuke】Shunmeiza is famous for actors who pursue realism with their characters.
【Shosuke】Not only do they have a different style to the four of you, but I have to think they also practice in a very different way.
【Emu】You think so...?! What do you think they do?
【Emu】I'm really good at going boooing and doing backwards loop-the-loops in the air!
【Shosuke】I seriously doubt reverse somersaults are a part of their practice regimen...
【Emu】Hmm... Then...
【Emu】How about practicing belly laughs?! Rui's always saying how I'm really good at that♪ Listen...
【Emu】Mwah hah hah hah hah hah!
【Emu】Alright, how'd I do?!
【Shosuke】Hey, not so loud! Are you trying to scare everyone?
【Hinata】I'm sure they won't be doing that either.
【Emu】Aww, really...? Hmm... Then, I have no idea what their practices are gonna be like...
【Keisuke】I haven't heard many details either... However, I do know that Shunmeiza focuses on developing young talent.
【Keisuke】Which may mean that they have everyone work on having solid fundamentals.
【Emu】Fundamentals...?
【Emu】Oh, you mean the things that are absolutely necessary for putting on good shows!
【Emu】Then, alright! That means I gotta do my very best when we practice!!
【Emu】Oh, I almost forgot! Rui and I are apparently gonna talk to some of the people from Shunmeiza's production team!
【Hinata】Oh, so you'll get to learn about what goes on behind the scenes?
【Emu】Yup!
【Emu】Rui was talking about how the people working behind the scenes play an important role in putting smiles on the faces of everyone involved in a show.
【Emu】So, I'm gonna ask them lots and lots of questions!
【Emu】Because I wanna do everything I can to make sure all those who love Phoenix Wonderland also smile☆
【Emu】And I'm gonna make that happen by learning as much as I can!
【Keisuke】Yes, please do.
【Shosuke】Just don't cause them too much trouble, okay?
【Emu】Okay♪
【Hinata】Hold on, Emu... Aren't you supposed to be meeting everyone really early tomorrow?
【Emu】Huh...?
【Emu】Oh no! You're right! I have to leave earlier than usual because we're gonna practice a little bit before heading over!
【Emu】So, good night, you guys! Wait, I need to brush my teeth before going to bed...!
[Sound] se00349_b
【Keisuke】Okay, night...
【Shosuke】Never a dull moment, huh?
【Hinata】Hehe. We wouldn't have her any other way.
【Keisuke】I agree. Working with a different troupe won't be all that easy.
【Keisuke】But we should look forward to seeing how our little sister grows.
[Sound] bgm00000
