【Shinonome Ena — Luxury Makeup Session〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Shinonome Ena
Card: Luxury Makeup Session（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Take the Best Shot!
scenarioId: 019033_ena01

[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Diner
【Airi】Thank goodness they had a big table available.
【Ena】*Sigh* Yeah, we can finally sit down...
【Shizuku】You have every reason to be tired since we were on our feet for most of the time while we took pictures.
【Haruka】You must be tired too, Kohane, Aoyagi. Thanks for all your hard work.
【Kohane】Actually, I'm feeling okay.
【Toya】Thank you as well, Kiritani.
【Airi】Anyway, they won't be announcing the results for a little bit, so let's order some food and drinks while we can.
【Ena】I might get a dessert. I'm really craving sugar right now.
【Airi】You're getting dessert instead of real food? Don't come crying to me if you end up gaining weight.
【Ena】No, don't say stuff like that!
【Shizuku & Kohane】Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Ena】Mmm! There's really nothing better than having something sweet after a hard day's work!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Kohane】Mmm...! The chocolate parfait you recommended is so yummy, Ena!
【Ena】Isn't it? Pretty good for a diner, right?
【Ena】What you got is really popular because it's only available around Valentine's Day.
【Airi】Speaking of chocolate, Kohane, you guys entered that photo contest to win those chocolates by Couleur Chocolat, right?
【Kohane】Yeah, I wanted to get them for An no matter what.
【Shizuku】Their chocolates are supposed to be very good. I've seen them on TV several times.
【Haruka】Plus, the ones included in the prize are a collaboration exclusive. I'm guessing a lot of other people also want them.
【Kohane】Yeah, they ran out seconds after they started taking orders.
【Ena】But you also get a bunch of makeup in addition to those chocolates if you place in the top ten.
【Airi】What are you going to do with your chocolates, Toya?
【Toya】I'm thinking about sharing them with Akito and everyone else who's been helping us.
【Ena】Really? Does that mean I don't have to give Akito any if I make it into the top ten too?
【Airi】Wait, you're gonna hog them for yourself?
【Ena】Yeah, because they're probably not gonna make more of them.
【Ena】Besides, I had my eyes set on that makeup, so I might give those chocolates to our mom.
【Toya】I hope we both end up in the top ten.
【Ena】Me too.
【Kohane】I know they're not announcing the results for a bit, but I'm already getting a little anxious...
【Kohane】I hope we get into the top ten...
【Haruka】We all did everything we could, so what's left for us to do now is believe.
【Airi】Haruka's right.
【Shizuku】I also agree. I'm sure we'll hear some good news considering how wonderful all our pictures were.
【Kohane】Right! Thank you for the reassurance...!
【Ena】Oh, that reminds me... There's something I've been meaning to ask you, Azusawa.
【Kohane】Ask me?
【Ena】Yeah. Where did you learn to take pictures like that?
【Kohane】Oh, from my dad, and some books on photography that I bought for myself.
【Ena】I had no idea. That explains why you're so good at framing things.
【Kohane】Really? Thank you.
【Kohane】Actually, Ena, can I ask you a question about how you take selfies...?
【Ena】Yeah, sure. Ask away.
【Kohane】Thank you very much!
【Kohane】The truth is, I'm really bad at taking selfies...
【Ena】Wait, really?
【Haruka】That's how we ended up asking Aoyagi to model for us.
【Shizuku】Yes, that's understandable... It's so hard to take selfies.
【Airi】No, that's hard for you because you still haven't really figured out how to use your phone.
【Ena】Haha...
【Ena】Why don't I take this opportunity to show you what I can? I know some neat tricks for taking pics with friends and stuff.
【Kohane】You'd do that?! Thank you so much!
【Ena】Okay! Let's start with the basics!
[Sound] bgm00000
