【Momoi Airi — I'm Excited Too〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: I'm Excited Too（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: An Unmissable Spirited Affair
scenarioId: 007026_airi01

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
[Sound] se00018_b
【Airi】Minori, Haruka, sorry I'm late.
【Minori】No, that's okay. We haven't been here long.
【Haruka】We're about halfway through doing stretches.
【Shizuku】Thank goodness... The explanation for our school trip took quite a lot longer than we expected...
【Haruka】It's okay since you gave us a heads up that you'd have several explanation sessions.
【Minori】So, what did you guys talk about in this one?
【Airi】Our schedules for each day and where we'll be going.
【Shizuku】This year, we're going to Kyoto.
【Minori】Wow, Kyoto! That sounds really nice! There's so much to see and yummy things to eat!
【Airi】Doesn't that apply to any tourist destination?
【Airi】Oh, also. In the next session, we're supposed to discuss in detail what our options are for the first day, so we may run late again.
【Haruka】Okay. Do you have a general idea already?
【Airi】So, one option is to go see shrines and temples, while the other is to participate in hands-on activities.
【Shizuku】Kyoto has quite a few shrines and temples, so I'm hoping that we'll get to see as many as we can.
【Minori】Yeah, like the shrine with lots of red gates all in a row! I've seen so many pictures of that!
【Airi】Yeah. But I'm actually kinda interested in the activities.
【Airi】I looked it up and apparently, there are shops where you can make mutsuhashi and candy sculptures.
【Shizuku】When did you look that up, Airi?
【Airi】In secret, while the teacher was talking.
【Airi】On the other hand, none of that matters if the activities are traditional crafts...
【Airi】Still, making your own mutsuhashi does sound like fun!
【Haruka】So, does that involve picking a filling and putting it in the casing?
【Airi】No, better...
【Airi】You get to make everything, even the casing, from complete scratch! Not only that, you can even choose a filling from matcha and chestnut on top of the normal red bean paste!
【Minori & Shizuku】Whoa! Wow!
【Haruka】Making them from scratch does sound like fun. That feels like a worthwhile activity.
【Airi】I know, right?! Actually, I kinda wanna do it on my own time regardless of whether or not it's part of the school trip activities.
【Airi】I haven't been able to get it out of my head. I mean, you even get to steam them yourself...
【Airi】W-Wait, huh...? Why are you all grinning like that?
【Haruka】It's nice to see that you're looking forward to this trip is all.
【Minori】Especially since you've been saying how you'll put work first if we get a request.
【Minori】So I was under the impression that you weren't really looking forward to it that much.
【Airi】N-No, I have been...
【Airi】I mean, I'm a high school girl too! I also want to have some fun experiences while I'm still a student...
【Airi】So...! Wipe those angelic grins off your faces!
【Airi】You in particular, Minori! It feels weird when you act all motherly towards me!
【Minori】What?! I was just really glad to hear that you're looking forward to going on this trip!
【Airi】No, stop it stop it stop it! That's what I'm talking about! Alright, you've left me no choice!
[Sound] se00121_b
【Minori】Huh?! Hahaha...! Airi, stop! That tickles...!
【Shizuku & Haruka】Hehe.
【Airi】A-Anyway!
【Airi】By some stroke of luck, we don't have work! So, Shizuku and I are gonna make the most of this trip!
【Haruka】Yes, please do.
【Minori】And please bring souvenirs if you can!
【Shizuku】Of course. We'll also need to make sure to buy some for Miku and the others.
【Airi】Right!
【Airi】Anyway, enough of that! Let's start practice!
【Haruka, Minori & Shizuku】Yeah! Okay.
[Sound] bgm00000
