【Tenma Tsukasa — An Emergency Meeting?!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: An Emergency Meeting?!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: A Gentleman Thief's Thrilling White Day?!
scenarioId: 013015_tsukasa01

[Background Change] bg_d000202
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Alright, that should be enough practice for today...
【Rui】We seem to be coming along nicely. At this pace, we'll be ready just in time for our next regular showing.
【Nene】Yeah. All we really need to do at this point is work on how we present ourselves and polish up the climax.
【Emu】Oh, me next! I wanna keep practicing our song☆
【Tsukasa】Yes, that's going to be the most crucial part of our show. Why not?
【Rui】In that case, why don't we work on that this weekend?
【Nene】Wait, aren't they doing maintenance on the stage this weekend? I thought we couldn't practice because of that.
【Rui】You are correct. As such, we'll have to practice over in SEKAI.
【Rui】We need the stage to work out the finer details in terms of how we present ourselves as we rehearse, but we can practice our song without a stage.
【Rui】However, I'm sure some of us have already made plans for then since this was originally scheduled as a break, so this practice won't be mandatory.
【Emu】Woohoo! Practice in SEKAI♪ I'm totally going☆
【Nene】I think I'll go too. Honestly, I'll probably just end up playing games all day if I don't.
【Rui】How about you, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Hmm...
【Nene】What's wrong?
【Tsukasa】My apologies. I'm scheduled to work as an extra for a show this weekend, so I won't be able to join you.
【Emu】Oh, okay... That's too bad.
【Nene】An extra for a show? Like that time you were in a flash mob for a wedding?
【Tsukasa】Yes! We ran into some trouble, which led to me asking Toya and Rui for their help...
【Tsukasa】But things are going to be different this time! I plan on using this opportunity to grow and shine as an actor!
【Rui】By the way, where will you be performing following our little wedding stunt?
【Tsukasa】I'll be in a surprise show at the Chocolate Factory. As its name suggests, it's a place where chocolate is made.
【Emu】Th-The Chocolate Factory?!
【Tsukasa】Yes, it opened just recently too.
【Tsukasa】On top of having a museum, the visitors will apparently have a chance to make their own chocolate-based sweets in this massive kitchen area.
【Nene】Yeah, I've heard about other places like that... But what kind of show are you gonna be doing?
【Tsukasa】It is after all a surprise. The visitors won't know what's coming, and we won't have any idea as to how they're going to react to it.
【Tsukasa】It'll be a wonderful challenge!
【Tsukasa】A star such as myself needs to be able to keep a show going regardless of the situation...
【Tsukasa】I don't know what this place will have in store for me, but I'll just have to deal with whatever comes my way!
【Rui】I see. Real experience is certainly a good way to learn how to flexibly handle any issue.
【Emu】Break a leg, Tsukasa☆ Also, watch out for sudden tummy aches.
【Tsukasa】R-Right...
【Tsukasa】I plan to not eat too much or too little the night before in order to prevent that from happening.
【Nene】To be fair, what happened that other time wasn't really your fault.
【Rui】Hehe. But if something like that does happen again, you're always free to give us a call.
【Tsukasa】I appreciate it. However...
【Tsukasa】There's another matter that I've been meaning to discuss with you.
【Rui】...?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Emu】Okay, see you tomorrow!
【Tsukasa】See you! Get home safe! Don't forget to look both ways before crossing any streets!
【Nene】Yeah, yeah.
[Sound] se00171
【Rui】So what is it that you'd like to discuss...?
【Tsukasa】Rui, it's almost White Day. Do you already know what you're getting Emu and the others?
【Rui】Ah, so that's what this is about. I'm building some mini robots for them.
【Rui】They'll even be able to pop out chocolates when someone says, “I'd like some chocolate.”
【Tsukasa】R-Robots with voice recognition...?
【Rui】Yes. I'm not much of a cook, so I plan to just buy some chocolates while letting my other skills speak for themselves.
【Tsukasa】Yes, I see...
【Rui】I take it you're still undecided?
【Tsukasa】Correct...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000501
【Emu】Tsukasa, Nene, Rui! Happy Valentine's Day!!
【Tsukasa】Is this?! A chocolate cake?!
【Nene】I had a feeling that you were up to something, Emu, but I wasn't expecting anything like this... I mean, you made this cake, right...?
【Miku】This is incredible! Look at all the plushies that are lined up together!
【Rui】Ah, they appear to be macarons. It must've taken quite a bit of effort to create such a masterpiece of a cake.
[Background Change] bg_d000202
【Tsukasa】Baking that cake must've taken a monumental effort.
【Tsukasa】I'm worried that I won't be able to match that at all.
【Rui】I don't blame you. Fortunately, you still have some time to come up with a good idea.
【Rui】Speaking of which, I saw KAITO and Len also working on something. You may want to ask them as well.
【Tsukasa】I see. I'll do that the next chance I get...
【Tsukasa】(Rui's already come up with an idea for a return gift based on his own skills...)
【Tsukasa】(Which means I should do the same!)
[Sound] bgm00000
