【Aoyagi Toya — To The Costuming Team!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: To The Costuming Team!（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Picture Perfect!
scenarioId: 012029_touya01

[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Class 2-B
【Female Students】Alright, our class will be doing an interpretive dance!
【Female Students】So, let's start forming teams to come up with the costumes and choreography!
【Female Students】Please come to the front if you're interested in doing either!
【Toya】(Choreography...? I have a little bit of experience doing that...)
【Toya】(But...)
【Mizuki】Hey, Toya! Wanna try designing the costumes together?
【Toya】The costumes...?
【Mizuki】Yeah! I've got a feeling it'll be really fun if we work on them together! What do you say?
【Toya】Yes, actually... I was just debating going up.
【Mizuki】Oh, really?!
【Toya】Yes, I was wondering if I should take this opportunity to try something new...
【Toya】At the same time, would it be okay for a novice like me to join...?
【Mizuki】Hmm, it should be fine. I don't think we'll be making anything too elaborate...
【Mizuki】And don't worry! I can teach you whatever if you need help!
【Toya】Thank you... Then, I think I'll go join.
【Mizuki】Awesome! I'm really looking forward to tomorrow now!
【Toya】Me too. Again, thank you.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] A few days later
【Toya】(Be careful when you pass the needle through the back. Watch where your fingers are...)
【Mizuki】Oh, Toya, you're really getting the hang of this! The fabric's right where it needs to be! Nice work!
【Toya】I'm doing a good job...?
【Mizuki】Yeah! It looks like you've mastered what I taught you!
【Mizuki】The only other thing you might wanna keep an eye on is your thread knots! Every once in a while, you make one that's floating away from the fabric a little bit.
【Mizuki】The trick is to hold the needle as close to the seam as you possibly can when you're wrapping the thread around it!
【Mizuki】Use your nail to press against the wrapped thread and slowly pull the needle out! By doing that, you'll make sure the thread stays taut.
【Toya】I see... Thank you, Akiyama. I'll try doing that.
【Toya】Also, you're already done making your costumes? That's incredible. I'm only about a third done with mine...
【Mizuki】Heehee! This is my hobby after all.
【Toya】I won't be able to work as quickly as you, but it would be nice to learn how to make these a little faster.
【Mizuki】Don't worry about any of that! Slow and steady wins the race, right? None of us wanna see you getting hurt, and it'll make the costumes better too.
【Mizuki】Honestly, you're doing a great job. Your stitching's gorgeous and so evenly spaced, don't you think?
【Mizuki】That's really important when it comes to sewing!
【Toya】Is it...?
【Mizuki】Yeah! The end product looks so much better that way. You get my seal of approval, so you should be proud!
【Female Students】Wait, Aoyagi, you made this?!
【Female Students】The stitching's immaculate! How did you do this?
【Toya】How...?
【Toya】I don't know... But I was told to keep the spacing even, so I was very careful to do so.
【Male Students】And you were able to make this?! Just how careful were you being...?
【Mizuki】But that's really important! It's easy to start cutting corners once you've got the hang of things.
【Female Students】Then, you should take a look at this. I was doing slip stitches and... I mean, how bad is this?
【Mizuki】Haha. You can see the thread plain as day!
【Female Students】I know. Aoyagi, can you teach me how to do this?!
【Toya】Wait, I only just learned this myself...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00180
[Caption] A few hours later
[Sound] se00005_b
【Female Students】Alright, let's stop here! Nice work today, everyone!
【Toya】Phew... Akiyama, everyone, thank you for being such good teachers.
【Toya】I really wasn't sure how I'd do at first... But it was quite fun once I got going.
【Mizuki】Really? That's great to hear! I'm so glad you're saying that!
【Mizuki】You're such a quick study, Toya! I think you have a talent for this! I mean, you were doing everything all by yourself without any help towards the end.
【Female Students】Yeah, you're so diligent and committed! I'm so glad you decided to help with the costumes, Aoyagi!
【Toya】Everyone...
【Toya】(I was worried that I was going to be a burden to everyone because I wasn't familiar with sewing techniques...)
【Toya】(But I'm glad that I've been able to make real contributions.)
【Toya】Thank you all very much... I see that sewing is fun now because of all of you.
【Mizuki】Hehe. You're welcome!
【Mizuki】But it's too soon to be patting yourself on the back! We've still got a ton of work left to do...!
【Mizuki】Things are only gonna get harder, so we gotta stay focused! So, next time, let's try using some sewing machines!
【Toya】Sewing machines...? Okay, I'll make sure that I'm ready.
【Mizuki】Good! Let's make the most spectacular costumes we can!
【Toya】Yes!
[Sound] bgm00000
