【MEIKO — A Quality Blend〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: A Quality Blend（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 025003_meiko02

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【An】Sigh... I can't get over how good MEIKO's coffee is...
【Miku】She puts in a lot of time and effort is why.
【Kohane】Yes, that's true. She's always so careful when brewing the coffee...
【Kohane】Thank you so much, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】It's not that hard. I'm just happy to hear that everyone's enjoying the brew.
【MEIKO】By the way, I just wanted to know. When you think of sandwiches, what filling immediately comes to mind?
【An】Hm? Well...
【Kohane】Sandwich filling?
【Miku】Why do you want to know, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Hehe, sorry for the abrupt shift. I was actually thinking of adding more items to the cafe menu, you see.
【MEIKO】And sandwiches are the first on my list, so I wanted to know what everyone thinks is the best choice.
【An】How about egg sandwiches? There's no need for much preparation so you can serve them quickly.
【MEIKO】Oh, you don't have to take that into consideration. As you can see, we have a lot of free time in this cafe.
【Kohane】In that case, I think BLT sandwiches might be nice. Bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, and...
【An】Y-Yeah, BLT's usually the first one most people would think of. I don't really like it myself, though.
【Kohane】Oh, I remember now. You don't like tomatoes, right?
【An】Ugh... S-Something like that...
【Kohane】A sandwich with no tomatoes... Maybe a fruit sandwich?
【An】Right, there's that too. But since this'll be the first new addition, maybe something more mainstream like cutlet sandwiches will be better received?
【Miku】I didn't even know there were so many different types. You two sure know your sandwiches.
【Kohane】D-Do we? I was just suggesting sandwiches that I personally liked, that's all...
【An】Besides, sandwiches are easy to make because you can just put your favorite foods in between!
【Miku】Oh, okay.
【An】Oh no! Kohane, we need to go now!
【Kohane】Huh? Oh...you're right!
【MEIKO】You have a performance?
【An】Yup! We're gonna go sing our hearts out!
【Kohane】Thank you for the coffee, MEIKO. Let's talk again at another time, Miku.
【Miku】Yeah. I'll be waiting for you.
【MEIKO】Thanks for your suggestions too. I'll take them all into consideration.
【An】Okay! Can't wait to see the new menu!
【MEIKO】It's nice to know they're so excited to perform.
【Miku】Yup.
【Miku】MEIKO, what made you want to add more items to the menu anyway?
【MEIKO】Well, the four of them found their true feelings, right?
【Miku】Of wanting to hold the ultimate event, right?
【MEIKO】Yes. And from now on, they'll be striving to make those feelings become reality.
【MEIKO】But it won't be easy for them to reach their dream. There will be a lot of obstacles along the way.
【MEIKO】I want this SEKAI to be a place where they can feel warmly welcomed. If they ever feel down, we'll fill their tummies up and give them strength to try harder again!
【MEIKO】That's what made me come up with the idea.
【Miku】I see. Sounds like something you'd come up with indeed.
【MEIKO】Hehe. You think so?
【Miku】I'll help you with that new sandwich menu.
【MEIKO】Really? That'll be great. Thank you, Miku!
[Sound] bgm00000
