【Mochizuki Honami — The Power Of Faith〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Mochizuki Honami
Card: The Power Of Faith（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Don't lose faith!
scenarioId: 003020_honami02

[Background Change] bg_a002303
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Honami】(Thank goodness our show went well...)
【Honami】(We managed to get through to the audience with our song and receive Saku's acknowledgment.)
【Honami】(After our last show, we didn't talk much on our way home because of how bad we all felt. But this time...)
【Saki】I can't wait for our after party! Oh, wanna go buy snacks and drinks for it right now?
【Shiho】I don't mind, Saki... But I have a feeling that you're gonna start chowing down on them after you get home.
【Ichika】Especially since you've probably worked up a nice appetite.
【Saki】What?! No, I wouldn't do such a thing!
【Honami】Hehe.
【Honami】(I'm glad to see that they're all enjoying themselves.)
【Honami】We should also thank Miku and the others for helping us out the way they did.
【Ichika】Right. Hmm... What do you think we should do...?
【Saki】Oh, I know♪ Why don't we play live for them?!
【Ichika】Yeah, they might really enjoy that.
【Shiho】So, we're doing another show during our after party?
【Saki】Yeah, why not?
【Saki】Sure, they got to see our show. But this is our chance to put one on just for them!
【Honami】I like it. Oh, they might enjoy it so much that they'll want to join in on the fun.
【Saki】Yeah, that'd be awesome♪
【Shiho】I agree that it's a good idea... But it kinda defeats the purpose of having an after party.
【Ichika, Saki & Honami】Haha! Hehe.
【Shiho】I'm not against this idea...
【Shiho】But since they all tutored us one-on-one, I feel like we should thank them individually somehow...
【Honami】Right.
【Saki】Hmm...
【Saki】Hey, that reminds me of how they always show a lot of interest in the snacks we bring to our after parties!
【Ichika】That's right. Miku's been showing an interest in cotton candy lately and has been asking me every time if we brought any.
【Saki】Yeah! Len and KAITO also seem to be pretty particular in terms of which snacks they like to eat!
【Honami】Really? You're so observant, Saki.
【Saki】Of course! I'm the one who actually goes out and buys the snacks after all.
【Saki】I know which are most popular and which everyone likes♪
【Shiho】I see.
【Honami】So, do you think it'd make Miku and the others happy if we got them the snacks they really like?
【Saki】Yeah! That's a great idea!
【Saki】Oh, there's this one thing that Rin always talks about when we practiced together!
【Shiho】You mean that super sour gum?
【Ichika】I heard that as well.
【Honami】Me too. There was a pack of them in the snacks we brought the other day. She split it with Len and KAITO...
【Honami】But Rin ended up getting the really sour one.
【Saki】Haha. I guess Rin told everyone that story.
【Ichika】Looks like it.
【Honami】Speaking of snacks... During our break, I remember Luka saying how it'd be nice to have some cookies that go well with tea.
【Saki】Oh, MEIKO said that she wanted to try some super sweet or super spicy snacks!
【Honami】We've been bringing over snacks and such so often lately that it's become a part of their normal conversations.
【Shiho】Yeah, even during our training sessions, we usually either talked about snacks or played our instruments whenever we took a break.
【Shiho】This entire month was filled with stuff like that, you know...?
【Honami】Yes, it was.
【Honami】So, to thank Miku and the others for helping us practice for a whole month, let's gift them their favorite snacks.
【Saki】I'm all for that♪
【Ichika】Me too.
【Shiho】Then, we'll need to go out and buy each of their favorites.
【Honami】Right!
[Sound] bgm00000
