【Hinomori Shiho — The Moment I Rise〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hinomori Shiho
Card: The Moment I Rise（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Unsteady, Still Steady Step
scenarioId: 004048_shiho01

[Background Change] bg_f000201
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Shiho】(I came over here to see if anyone was free to play...)
【Shiho】(But where could Miku and the others be?)
[Sound] se00218_b
【Shiho】This sound... They might be practicing in this classroom.
【Shiho】Let's take a look.
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Sound] se00102_b
【Miku】Okay, that was much better. In particular, your palm mutes sounded much cleaner.
[Sound] bgm_area00001
【Ichika】Your great advice did the trick, Miku. It's much easier for me to play that part now.
【Miku】That's good to hear. Anyway, this seems like a good place to stop, so why don't we take a break?
[Sound] se00046_b
【Shiho】Oh, Ichika, Miku, it was you two.
【Ichika】Hi, Shiho. Are you here to practice on your own?
【Shiho】Yeah. I was looking for a playing partner when I heard a guitar.
【Shiho】Which turned out to be you, Ichika. You're sounding better than ever.
【Ichika】Thanks. Miku's training regimen has done me wonders.
【Shiho】Training regimen?
【Ichika】Yeah, I've been having her watch me practice as I prepare for our solo show.
【Miku】She's been doing particularly well lately. Her sound's been fresh and lively...
【Miku】Ever since that party, I'd say.
【Shiho】That party...? Oh, the one you guys threw us to celebrate our solo show getting scheduled?
【Shiho】It was a nice boost of energy, after all. I feel more motivated lately too.
【Ichika】Yeah. But that's not all...
【Ichika】I think performing in those shuffled-up bands was really big for me.
【Miku】What do you mean?
【Ichika】Remember how I played the drums? It was really hard, and I couldn't really make the sounds I wanted to.
【Ichika】But when I picked up my guitar afterwards, it felt like a pair of gloves slipping onto my hands...
【Ichika】And I felt anew how much fun it is to play exactly how I feel.
【Ichika】I think it's that feeling that lets me get so into my playing.
【Shiho】Yeah, I know that feeling.
【Shiho】I was on the guitar that time, but it felt completely different from my bass.
【Miku】Unlike the guitar, you don't usually play many chords on bass.
【Shiho】But just like Ichika said, when we switched back my bass felt like it clicked even better than usual.
【Shiho】I felt like I was playing better too.
【Miku】I didn't realize you two felt that way.
【Shiho】Yeah. We don't get a lot of chances to play other instruments, so it was a good experience, I think.
【Shiho】And... Doing the band shuffle helped me realize I still have a lot of growing to do.
【Shiho】Not being able to play an unfamiliar instrument is normal... But there are still plenty of things that I still can't do very well on my own instrument.
【Shiho】I might be able to play something surprisingly well, but it's still a far cry from the perfect performance I'm seeking.
【Ichika】Oh...
【Shiho】That's why I need to keep practicing and keep getting better.
【Shiho】Because my dream won't ever come true if I don't.
【Ichika】Me too...
【Ichika】I'm going to practice just as much as you do, Shiho. Because I also want to become a better singer and guitarist...!
【Shiho】Ichika...
【Miku】I like the looks in your eyes right now.
【Miku】If we played something right now, I have a feeling that we'd sound absolutely amazing. What do you say?
【Shiho】Yeah, I also want to play.
【Shiho】So, let's get started. We're going all out from the top, you two.
[Sound] bgm00000
