【Tenma Tsukasa — Card Story】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Episodes: 88

[Background Change] bg_a000101
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Courtyard
【Tsukasa】Now, where shall I enjoy my most elegant luncheon? Hm?
【Tsukasa】Ooh, I behold a breezy place illuminated by sunbeams filtered through the foliage. It is as if it's a natural spotlight made to shine on me!
【Tsukasa】Perfect. The perfect place for my most elegant luncheon. I'm impressed by myself for finding this amazing place!
【Tsukasa】Now, a handkerchief to prevent my uniform from getting dirty...
【Tsukasa】Hmph, how very gentlemanly of me.
【Tsukasa】And now it is time to enjoy my elegant luncheon... Hm? What is this little black dot in the air...
【Tsukasa】I can't really see because it's too small—GAAAAAAH!!!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】S-S-S-Spider?!
[Sound] bgm00003
【Tsukasa】Stay away! Stay away from me! I found this place first! There are so many other trees here you can climb on! Get away from me!
【Tsukasa】Ugh! It's suspended in midair completely motionless... No wait, if it moves, it may fall on my handkerchief just underneath!
【Tsukasa】D-Drats... What should I do?!
【Akito】Oh, that place under the tree looks like a nice place for a nap. Huh, someone's already there?
【Tsukasa】Wait, wait, wait, wait! Don't come any lower! That's my handkerchief right there!
【Akito】Oh, it's just him. What a nuisance.
【Akito】Well, I have some time. Lemme go wind him up a little.
【Akito】Tsukasa! What are you doing over there? And why're you all hunched up like that?
【Tsukasa】Hunched up?! How can you say that, when I'm so valiantly trying to confront this unscrupulous spider preventing me from enjoying my luncheon?!
【Akito】Spider? You're afraid of spiders?
【Tsukasa】N-Not at all! I'm just trying to prevent this infernal bug from contaminating my precious handkerchief...
【Akito】Handkerchief? Where's the spider, anyway?
【Tsukasa】Right there! Look, it's just over there!
【Akito】I don't see anything.
【Tsukasa】You're not looking hard enough! Look again!
【Akito】Oh, there it is.
【Tsukasa】See? Look at how it's swaying around like it owns the place!
【Akito】It's just a small little dot you can hardly see, there's no need to be so bothered by—
【Tsukasa】Of course I'm bothered! A small spider is still a spider!
【Akito】(Sigh... I was gonna just tease him a little, but it's kinda anticlimactic when he's already shrieking like that.)
【Akito】You just want it to move somewhere else, right? Caught it.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Akito】There, I put it in the bush over there. It's gone now.
[Sound] bgm00018
【Tsukasa】Y-You saved me...
【Akito】Well, I'll be off now.
【Tsukasa】Hey, wait! Allow me to share some of my luncheon with you as a token of appreciation for saving me from that terror.
【Akito】Luncheon? Oh, you talking about your lunchbox?
【Tsukasa】Luncheon, you plebeian! Anyway, go ahead and take any side dish that catches your fancy.
【Akito】Okay, if you insist...
【Akito】Whoa, what's with this unnecessarily fancy-looking lunch? There's melon...and even a small slice of cake...
【Akito】I'll take this cheesecake, then.
【Tsukasa】Ugh, I was going to have that as dessert after the meal... But, it's fine. I did say it was a token of appreciation.
【Akito】Thanks.
【Tsukasa】Wait! You just touched a spider's web. Wipe your hand with this first.
【Akito】A wet wipe? You're surprisingly prim and proper, huh.
【Tsukasa】It's common sense to wash your hands and rinse your mouth before meals!
【Tsukasa】Good, I see you've wiped your hands. You may eat now!
【Akito】Thanks for the cake!
【Tsukasa】Savor it slowly, understand?
【Akito】Yeah, yeah.
【Tsukasa】Just say it once!
【Akito】Nom... 'Kay, see you later then!
【Tsukasa】Do not speak with food in your mouth! Have you no sense of decorum?
【Tsukasa】Now, I can finally enjoy my elegant luncheon in peace!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Sound] se00005
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Class 2-B
[Sound] bgm00020
[Sound] se00047
【Tsukasa】Rui, look at this!
【Rui】Sliding into my classroom at the exact same moment the lunch bell goes off...this must be something serious.
【Tsukasa】Hehehe, look at this!
【Rui】That's not very different from what you just said.
【Tsukasa】Just look! Here, this video!
【Rui】This is...a video of an overseas show?
【Rui】Oh, this is quite...
【Tsukasa】Interesting, right? The pre-show announcement was merely a guise, for the show had already started by then!
【Tsukasa】Some actors dressed up as spectators were waiting in the audience. The show starts off by blurring the line between real life and the performance!
【Rui】The way they move to the stage from the audience is quite smooth. This opening sequence is very well thought-out.
【Tsukasa】Amazing, isn't it?
【Rui】It is. And I find that I-came-up-with-this expression on your face to be quite amazing as well.
【Rui】Anyway, this show should be a useful reference. I must see it in its entirety.
【Tsukasa】Hehe. Yes, yes, I know!
【Tsukasa】Now, here's the main thing I wanted to talk about.
【Tsukasa】I want to use this opening sequence for our first show as well!
【Rui】Go on...
【Tsukasa】We're limited by that shabby stage, but I'm sure we can pull off something similar with a little bit of ingenuity!
【Rui】Yes. It's just that the show in the video and the show we're trying to do are in different genres and flavors.
【Rui】We'll have to adapt it in a way that fits with our style.
【Tsukasa】Of course! And be sure to do it in a way that makes me, the star of the show, as cool as is humanly possible!
【Rui】I'll keep your request in mind and think hard about how to incorporate that into the stage production.
【Tsukasa】I'm counting on you!
【Tsukasa】A stage is a stage, no matter how small or dilapidated!
【Tsukasa】The future musical star, Tsukasa Tenma is about to take his first step towards conquering the world!
【Rui】We'll need to prepare some promotional flyers too.
【Tsukasa】Oh, you're right. I'll have to check with Emu about what sort of arrangements are in place for that.
【Tsukasa】Well, even if she doesn't know, those mascots hanging around her should have some idea, at least.
【Rui】I'm looking forward to it already. It would be really nice if we could make this show a success.
【Tsukasa】With I myself as the showman, scriptwriter, and lead actor, there's no way the show wouldn't be a big hit!
【Tsukasa】You've added a lot of interesting effects too, remember?
【Tsukasa】Our first show will be filled to capacity! We'll receive a standing ovation after the final curtain for sure!
【Rui】Hehe... Your confidence is quite something.
【Tsukasa】Hm? What's wrong? You don't sound very enthused... Have you no confidence in your own stage direction?
【Rui】Oh dear? Is that what you think of me?
【Tsukasa】Nah, you'd be the last person on earth to feel that way...
【Rui】I'm glad you know me so well, Tsukasa♪
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Background Change] bg_a000301
【Rui】(There are a few things I'm concerned about, though...)
【Tsukasa】Well, even if you do lose your confidence, fret not!
【Tsukasa】Your stage direction is innovative but classic! Absolutely befitting of a great show led by a superstar! And since the star himself says so, you can be sure it's true!
【Rui】...
【Rui】That's certainly an honor.
【Tsukasa】That was a very productive conversation indeed. Now I can enjoy my midday meal with good cheer.
【Tsukasa】Hehehe...my elegant luncheon awaits. Thanks for your time!
【Rui】No problem. See you after school, Tsukasa.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Well, well. I got here first today.
【Tsukasa】Heh. First on the scene like a true star! No matter it's just a regular rehearsal day.
【Tsukasa】I might as well prepare for the rehearsal... Hmm?
【Tsukasa】Our normally slightly grimy, run-down stage is covered in sand?! The strong wind yesterday must have blown it here.
【Tsukasa】Tsk! It seems today we have to start with some cleaning.
【Emu】Yahohoy! Hel-lo! Tsukasa, hi☆
【Emu】You turned up really early! You must be excited for the rehearsal! In which case, let's jump right to it!
【Tsukasa】Not so fast, Emu! Let me get a word in, okay?
【Emu】Mm?
【Tsukasa】We need to attend to our stage first and get it clean before we can begin the rehearsal.
【Emu】Awww! Our dear little stage needs some TLC, huh?
【Tsukasa】You can put it that way. Get changed into something you don't mind getting dirty, and let's get cleaning.
【Emu】Roger♪
【Emu】This comes off... And this goes on...
【Tsukasa】Huh? What's she doing there behind the stage?
【Tsukasa】What the...!?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Emu】Wshhhooo!
[Sound] bgm00015
【Tsukasa】A hazmat suit and gas mask?! What do you think we'll be doing, Emu, defusing explosives?!
【Emu】Pshhhh! Shwaaaaah! (Hm? It's kinda difficult to move in this!)
【Mascot】Miss, it's dangerous to run around in this!
【Tsukasa】How are you going to get any cleaning done?
【Tsukasa】And what's up with the strange noises? If you're pretending to be an alien, this is the wrong costume.
【Emu】Shooo, shwoooo?! (Did somebody mention ALIENS?!)
【Emu】Shoof! Shoof?! (Where did you see aliens?!)
【Tsukasa】This noise is really getting to me! Let's see what I can do about it!
【Tsukasa】Shoooof! Shaaaah! (Get changed into something normal!)
【Tsukasa】Shaaaagohgoh! (We need to clean the stage!)
【Emu】Shaaahgoh! Gohgoh♪ (Aye, I'll clean the stage!)
【Tsukasa】Why do I have to deal with this...
【Tsukasa】Heh, at least I can say with pride that I ingeniously broke through Emu's mystery language barrier.
【Tsukasa】Right, let's get started. First, we need some water, and then we'll scrub the dirt off with brushes...
【Emu】Got it! Big splaaash!
【Tsukasa】Hey, don't get me splashed! Watch it!
【Tsukasa】Bua ha ha ha! I have superhuman reflexes! You didn't get one drop on me!
【Tsukasa】But now... It's payback time!
【Mascot】...
[Sound] se00057
【Tsukasa】Uh, I, er... I was just kidding! Haha, I'm just going to pour some water over the floorboards well away from Emu. Haha...ha.
【Tsukasa】(That was close... No telling what the park mascots might do to me if they perceive me as a threat to Emu...)
【Tsukasa】Hey, Emu. I'm going to start on this end. You go from the other, okay?
【Emu】Yup♪
【Emu】Hmm! Tsukasa, listen, listen! I got an idea for a fast and fun way to clean the stage!
【Tsukasa】Do you now? What do you propose?
【Emu】I'll just demonstrate my method! First, you soak one of the towels like this and put it here, and then... Hiyaaaaaaaaah!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Wait, hold on...stop! You're not thinking of jumping onto it, right?!
[Sound] bgm00003
【Emu】All aboard the cleaning cloth! Woooo☆
【Tsukasa】Watch out, Emu! You're going to crash into me! Nooooo!
[Sound] se00073
【Emu】Yikes! Mission failed! I'm so sorry, Tsukasa! It's really hard to steer a high-speed cleaning cloth!
【Emu】I promise you the second try will be a success!
【Tsukasa】What second try? No, Emu, don't!
【Emu】Here I go♪
【Tsukasa】Hey, mascot! Move your big fluffy body and stop her!
【Emu】Ha-hoy!
【Tsukasa】No, no, don't come this way! Aaargh!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Okay, guys. Time to decide the theme of our next show.
【Tsukasa】This is very important, so I need you all to think carefully about it!
【Nene】And why are you chairing this meeting?
【Tsukasa】Because I'm the leader of this troupe!
【Nene】A self-proclaimed leader...
【Emu】Guys! GUYS! GUYS!!!
【Tsukasa】What is it, Emu?
【Emu】It has to be... Space!
【Tsukasa】Emu, don't just suddenly set our derailed conversation back on track. And why does it have to be that, anyway?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】A brilliant suggestion. In its immeasurable vastness, space is full of mysteries, making it a fascinating setting for a play.
[Sound] bgm00015
【Emu】Yeah! Space is actually pretty neat!
【Rui】Let's take our audience on a space tour. We shall travel along the Milky Way, to the far reaches of our galaxy never seen before by another human!
【Emu】The universe awaits! Let's fearlessly jump headfirst into a black hole in search of new dimensions!
【Rui】That would be a spectacle truly out of this world! Wouldn't you like to host it on our humble stage?
【Nene】You guys are getting carried away.
【Tsukasa】A spectacle out of this world... I like the sound of it.
【Nene】Why does it always go like this?
【Tsukasa】Okay, lay out your plan for this play. I'm a down-to-earth guy, but I might be persuaded to your space show.
【Emu】Plan? That makes me think of flan!
【Tsukasa】Can't you stay focused for a minute... Sigh...
【Tsukasa】(No, I've got to stay calm and not let her throw us off the topic we were discussing.)
【Tsukasa】(Heh. Let's handle it like a leader!)
【Tsukasa】You know what, Emu, you're right. Plan, flan, it's almost the same word when you think about it.
【Emu】I know, right♪
【Tsukasa】(Success! I'm becoming quite skilled at dealing with Emu.)
【Nene】(Ugh... Tsukasa's got that creepy grin on...)
【Rui】As the director, perhaps I should explain the plan for this play.
【Rui】Space, of course, means zero gravity. I'd like that to be clearly portrayed on stage.
【Tsukasa】Zero gravity? Yes, of course. Good point.
【Rui】We could try it out right away.
【Rui】Tsukasa, mind if I hoist you up?
【Tsukasa】Where did you get this rope from?!
【Rui】Nevermind the details. Are you willing to cooperate?
【Rui】For the sake of this spectacle that's out of this world?
【Tsukasa】Ugh... Is this a test I have to pass to achieve stardom?
【Tsukasa】Well, fine then! Do what you want!
【Rui】First, put this belt over your torso. Now let me tie this tight...
【Rui】Emu, could you pass the other end of the rope through the pulley on the ceiling? Then I'd like the mascots to help pull Tsukasa up.
【Emu】Sure!
【Rui】It's all quite simple, isn't it? It seems we're ready.
【Rui】Mascots, would you mind?
【Mascot】One, two, three... Pull!
【Tsukasa】Whoa! I'm in the air!
【Rui】Now, Tsukasa, you need to find your balance. Try to make it look as if you were effortlessly drifting in space.
【Tsukasa】Urgh... It's hard work when you're ACTUALLY FIGHTING AGAINST GRAVITY! Got to...straighten...UPPP!
【Emu】Wow, that's sooo cool! It really looks like he's floating!
【Nene】Hmm... This would work well enough if the play was set on a spaceship.
【Emu】Yeah... But wouldn't it be better if it looked more floaty?
【Emu】My mascot friends! You know what to do!
【Mascot】Roger, Miss Emu!
【Tsukasa】Hey, what are you...
【Tsukasa】H-Hey, don't swing the rope so much! I'm going to lose my balance... Aaargh!
[Sound] bgm00003
【Tsukasa】Nooo, I'm going to crash! I'm crashing dooown!
【Emu】Wow, that's so great! It's like you're really tumbling through space, Tsukasa!
【Rui】Well, what else does our space setting need?
【Nene】How about dark matter?
【Tsukasa】Um... Guys...
【Rui】Hehehe, are you sure you want to give me the perfect excuse to devise a contraption creating dark matter?
【Tsukasa】Guys!
【Emu】What is dark matter? Is it related to grey matter, but darker?
【Rui】No, Emu. Dark matter is the name for the mysterious particles filling space...
【Tsukasa】Guys! Can you stop the astrophysics lecture and GET ME DOWN?!
【Tsukasa】What the... Mascots, what are you doing? Why are you tying the rope to that pillar?
【Tsukasa】Somebody, anybody, get me dooown!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Are we all here? Very good!
【Tsukasa】Now that we have a full cast and a completed script, we can finally start practicing!
【Emu】Yeah!
【Robo-Nene】Whatever you say.
【Rui】Oh, can I have a minute before we begin? It's about that stage effect we were discussing yesterday.
【Tsukasa】What is it?
【Rui】Lightning is supposed to strike the ground behind the prince during the opening scene, right?
【Rui】I've actually upgraded the device that will generate the lightning. Can we test it out before practice?
【Tsukasa】Up...graded? Why do I have such a bad feeling about this...
【Emu】We're gonna have even stronger lightning?!
【Emu】Yay! I wanna see things go kaboom! And sizzle sizzle! Like that!
【Robo-Nene】Rest in peace.
【Tsukasa】Hey! That's not funny at all!
【Rui】Oh, so you don't want that?
【Rui】You were the one who wanted to try using real lightning in the performance because it's never been seen before, right?
【Rui】Only you would be bold enough to bring up wanting to try doing something no one's ever done before, Tsukasa. And that's why you're so wonderful!
【Tsukasa】W-Well, you should expect nothing less from a future star!
【Rui】I know I can count on you!
【Robo-Nene】Oh brother...
【Tsukasa】Anyway, we'll check on that stage effect while practicing!
【Emu】Sir, yes, sir!
【Rui】Now, onto the next scene. In this part, Emu makes her appearance by bursting through the stage set.
【Emu】Here I come♪
【Emu】Bang crash boom! Nyeh heh heh! I'm the demon lord's dragonkeeper!
【Emu】My dragon will pancake you, foolish prince!
【Rui】Very good! Excellent entry! And then comes the part where the prince almost gets eaten by the dragon.
【Robo-Nene】What are we going to do about the dragon?
【Robo-Nene】Are we using papier-mâché? Or a video projector?
【Tsukasa】Unless we have an extraordinary video on hand, there won't be much of an impact at all! I vote for something more lifelike, whether it's papier-mâché or whatever else!
【Emu】I have something to say! I want a real dragon!
【Robo-Nene】Dragons don't exist...
【Rui】Hehe. If they do, I'd certainly love to work with one.
【Tsukasa】A real dragon, huh...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】(That reminds me of all those strange creatures moving around in that SEKAI place.)
【Tsukasa】(I could've sworn I saw a flying train somewhere, too. I wouldn't be surprised at all if there were real dragons somewhere in that world.)
【Tsukasa】(If we could have access to a real dragon, we'd have the most incredible show in the world that no one's ever...)
[Sound] bgm00032
【Tsukasa】Wait, that means I'll become real dragon food!
【Emu】Aww, so no real dragons?
【Tsukasa】I'm playing the part of a guy who almost gets eaten by it!
【Tsukasa】(Besides, if a real dragon appears on stage, there's a very high chance it may overshadow me, the lead actor!)
【Tsukasa】(No, wait. Hold it right there, Tsukasa Tenma. What are you so afraid of, future star?!)
【Tsukasa】(I won't be outdone by anything in this world... No, not even an actual, real-life dragon! Because I'm ME!)
【Tsukasa】Yes... I can do this. Bring it on in spades and then some!
【Tsukasa】Ha ha ha ha!
【Robo-Nene】He just burst out laughing like that. What's wrong with him?
【Rui】I wouldn't know.
【Emu】But he looks so happy about it! Let me try it out too♪ Ha ha ha ha!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A
【Tsukasa】(Our performance was a great success. Everyone had a huge smile on their face, whether it was the audience or us!)
【Tsukasa】(And that's what I'd been looking for. In order to keep making shows that will put a smile on everyone's face...)
【Tsukasa】I know!
[Caption] Class 2-B
[Sound] se00046
【Tsukasa】Rui! Are you here?!
【Rui】Tsukasa? Is something the matter?
【Tsukasa】School's over. Let's go to Phoenix Wonderland together!
【Rui】Oh my. And you came here specially to pick me up?
【Tsukasa】I sure did! Let's go pick up the others while we're at it.
[Caption] Class 1-B
[Sound] se00046
【Tsukasa】Hey, Nene!
【Nene】Ah?! Wh-What do you want...
【Tsukasa】We're here to pick you up! Let's go to Phoenix Wonderland together!
【Nene】P-Pick me... You didn't have to show up at my class... You stand out too much and that bothers me...
【Tsukasa】What did you say?! After I went through the trouble of coming all the way here to get you?!
【Nene】I didn't ask you to do that.
【Rui】There, there. Squabbling with him here is just going to attract even more attention to yourself.
【Nene】That's...true.
【Tsukasa】Hehe, it is the destiny of a star to attract attention wherever he goes...but enough about that. Come on, let's go already!
【Nene】What's gotten into him? Why is he so fired up?
【Rui】Who knows?
[Background Change] bg_a001001
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Tsukasa】We're heading to Emu's school right now. I told her to wait for us at the school gate.
【Rui】So basically, you want us to all to go to Phoenix Wonderland together?
【Nene】What put this idea into your head, anyway? Suddenly having to act chummy with everyone is really creeping me out...
【Tsukasa】Hmph... It's because a star has to treasure his troupe!
【Tsukasa】I've come to the realization that the best way to make the audience smile is to ensure that the troupe members are smiling themselves too.
【Tsukasa】Thanks to you guys, I finally understand what's truly important!
【Tsukasa】Now all that's left is for us to strengthen our ties!
【Tsukasa】Hehehe... Acknowledging mistakes and learning from them is what sets a true star apart from the others. I cower in awe of my own boundless talent!
【Rui】Hehe, he's really changed.
【Nene】How I wish that was true for his inflated ego too.
【Rui】That's what makes him so entertaining, so let him keep it.
【Tsukasa】What're you mumbling about to each other? Let's go already!
【Tsukasa】Hm?
【Boy】Ugh... I can't find anyone...
【Tsukasa】Young man over there, what seems to be the problem? Are you looking for something?
【Nene】Hey... He just went up to talk to a complete stranger....
【Boy】I was playing hide-and-seek with my friends, but I can't seem to find anyone at all.
【Tsukasa】I see the problem now. Very well, leave this to me!
【Tsukasa】I'll put on a show that's so amazing, your friends can't help but come out from their hiding places to watch me!
【Boy】What?
【Tsukasa】Here I go! Don't take your eyes off me!
【Nene】Putting on a show for a boy playing hide-and-seek so as to draw his friends out from hiding? What nonsense is that?
【Rui】Hehe. But you have to hand it to him for having the guts to suddenly start dancing on the streets like that.
【Nene】But that boy's gawking at him.
【Boy】...
【Boy】Wow! You're so good at dancing!
【Tsukasa】I know I am, young man! Come on and dance along with me!
【Boy】Okay!
【Passerby】Hey, what's that guy doing over there?
【Girl】Where? Oh, that looks fun! I wanna join in too!
【Rui】My, my. He's drawn quite a large crowd in very little time.
【Nene】No way...
【Tsukasa】Hahaha! Behold the power of my sheer popularity!
【Emu】Yaaay! Let's dance, let's dance♪
【Tsukasa】E-Emu?! What are you doing here? I thought I told you to wait for us at your school gate?
【Emu】I couldn't wait any longer and so here I am! Anyway, let's dance, Tsukasa♪
【Tsukasa】Argh! Stop pulling my arm!
【Nene】Are you really sure he's changed?
【Rui】Hehe, whatever the case, everyone seems to be having fun, so why not let him do what he wants?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000301
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
【Tsukasa】Hmph, coming early to practice by myself even though we've only just wrapped up the Halloween show—
【Tsukasa】I truly am the paragon of stardom, if I do say so myself! Besides...
【Tsukasa】The cool and refreshing morning air is pleasant to breathe. It'll certainly help me to focus on my practice...
[Sound] se00069
【Tsukasa】Huh? Did that bush just move?
【Tsukasa】Hahaha! I see right through you! Emu or someone else is hiding in there, in order to scare me, am I right?
【Tsukasa】I'll have you know that you can't use the same trick on me twice! Accept your defeat and show yourself!
【???】Uaaah!
【Tsukasa】Gyaaah!
【Tsukasa】Wh-What's Rui's zombie robot doing here?!
【Zombie Robot A】Oooh... Oooh...
【Zombie Robot B】Oooh... Oooh...
【Tsukasa】Wait, there's another one there...and over there too?! Just hang on for a minute here! Why are there so many zombie robots gathered here?!
【Tsukasa】Unless they've all gone out of control again?! But that's just not possible!
【Rui】Hehe, you're just full of energy from morning, aren't you.
【Tsukasa】Rui?! What are you doing here?
【Rui】I added a greeting function to the zombie robots, so I'm doing a test drive.
【Tsukasa】G-Greeting function? You mean, like shaking hands with the visitors and taking photos together?
【Rui】Yes. In recent years, at the end of Halloween season, this theme park holds a Zombie Greeting event where zombies are made to head out to greet park visitors.
【Rui】Of course, other than zombies, actors in monster costumes and stage mascots will be taking part as well.
【Rui】Mr. Mascot suggested that we take part in this event as well, so that more people can know about Wonder Stage.
【Rui】We're supposed to be going out to greet the visitors today, along with the other zombie cast members.
【Rui】That's why you were asked to come too, as a welcoming crew.
【Tsukasa】I see. But getting zombies to greet visitors isn't exactly—
【Zombie Robot】Augh?
【Tsukasa】(Hm... They do look somewhat lovable after you get used to seeing them, I guess?)
【Rui】It's just such a shame that the zombies can only play a part during Halloween season, though...
【Tsukasa】Maybe, but there's always next year, right? We can always let them do their thing again next year and—
【Rui】Unfortunately, we may have to dispose of them after their time is up this year.
【Tsukasa】What?! I didn't know about that! Why?
【Rui】My plan was to keep them in the Wonder Stage storeroom and use them again for next year's show...
【Rui】But the storeroom is just too dusty for that.
【Rui】Besides, the place isn't ideal for keeping robot machinery since the temperature and humidity there fluctuates by a lot over the course of an entire year.
【Rui】And it's not like I can store so many robots in my house, so...
【Tsukasa】You have a good reason, though...
【Zombie Robot】Augh?
【Tsukasa】(They may be robots, but they're still fellow performers who helped to make the show a success. Scrapping them like that would leave a bad taste in my mouth...)
【Rui】...
【Rui】I haven't given up yet, either. I'll be spending a bit more time to look for ways to store them properly.
【Tsukasa】Oh... Okay.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000302
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] A few days later
【Tsukasa】Hmph, today was a day of productive practicing, as it always is when I'm around. Which means the next show is bound to be a smashing success as well!
[Sound] se00069
【Tsukasa】Hm? Noises from the bush again... It has to be one of the zombie robots doing its greeting routine, right?
【Zombie Robot】Uh... Ah...
【Tsukasa】I knew it. You're not catching me off guard this time!
【Zombie Human?】Ugh... Agh...
【Tsukasa】Hahaha, you guys really love to flock together, don't you? However, that's not going to be enough to surprise me—
【Tsukasa】Wait...you, you're not a robot?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Zombie Human?】Flesh... Let me eat...your flesh!
【Tsukasa】Gyaaah! I-It's a real zombie!
【Zombie Human?】Heh...hahaha! Hey, you're a cast member here too, right? No need to act so surprised. I'm a colleague!
[Sound] bgm00020
【Tsukasa】C-Colleague?
【Zombie Cast】Huh? Don't you know about the Zombie Greeting event?
【Tsukasa】Ah, right! Rui did mention something like that!
【Tsukasa】With such a realistic performance and convincing makeup, can you blame me for thinking you were an actual zombie?
【Zombie Cast】Oh, this isn't makeup, actually. It's a mask! Makeup takes too much time to put on.
【Tsukasa】What?! A mask with such uncanny details?!
【Zombie Cast】Yeah, this mask is really well-made. That's why it's been very popular among the visitors here in recent years!
【Tsukasa】In recent years? Does that mean this same mask has been in use for a few years already?
【Zombie Cast】Of course. It would be a waste of resources to dispose of something so well-made only after using it once, right?
【Tsukasa】(That means there's a storeroom somewhere that's capable of keeping intricately designed props in good condition!)
【Tsukasa】(This is it! We've found what we need!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Before we start our practice session today, I have an important announcement to make.
【Zombie Robot】Augh?
【Tsukasa】We were facing the possibility of having to dispose of these zombie robots because we didn't have the right facilities to store them until next year.
【Emu】Eh?! N-No way... We have to throw our zombie robots away?!
【Tsukasa】Let me finish! I just said, we were facing this problem. In other words...
【Nene】You've found an appropriate place to store them?
【Tsukasa】Yes. There's a storeroom where elaborate masks and costumes used in the yearly Halloween greeting events are stored.
【Tsukasa】The temperature and humidity in that room is kept at a certain level that should be appropriate for storing machinery too. That's what the mascot said, at least!
【Rui】Really, now... Thanks for this, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Hmph, you should expect nothing less from the showman of Wonderlands×Showtime himself!
【Nene】And he lets it get to his head right away.
【Emu】But that means we don't have to toss the zombie robots away anymore, right?!
【Tsukasa】Yes. They can join us again next year.
【Zombie Robot】Oooh... Oooh...
【Emu】Hmm? Is it just me, or do they look kinda happy?
【Rui】Maybe they're trying to thank Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Ha ha ha! Even robots understand the awesomeness that is me!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Alright, let's begin our practice session for today!
【Emu】Yeah! Tsukasa's raring to go as usual! I'm right behind you!
【Nene】Feels like they're still riding on the Halloween train at full speed, even though the show's already over.
【Rui】The show was a great success, after all. I can understand why they're still filled with such enthusiasm.
【Nene】(As long as they don't end up running around in circles...)
【Tsukasa】Okay, let's continue from where we left off yesterday.
【Rui】The scene where the witch pushes the prince to the edge of the stage, but then a fairy saves him in the nick of time?
【Tsukasa】That's the one. Let's start!
【Emu】Ho ho ho! Your attempts to flee from my magical troops have been such a waste of effort. Don't you agree, dear prince?
【Tsukasa】Ugh! Looks like that's all the time I can stall for...
【Emu】Come on, why aren't you fighting back? Is this really how you want it to end? Your pathetic life, that is!
【Tsukasa】I won't let you get your way!
【Tsukasa】(In this scene, the prince stands up against the witch in the face of death! I should use big and sharp moves to show that the prince is galvanizing himself for action!)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Nene】Ah! Tsukasa, don't move back!
【Tsukasa】Oh...
【Tsukasa】(Uh oh! I'm too near to the edge of the stage!)
【Emu & Rui】Tsukasa!
[Sound] se00107
【Tsukasa】Ouch!
【Tsukasa】Owww, my backside!
【Emu】Tsukasa, are you okay?!
【Tsukasa】I...I'm fine, but my backside isn't...
【Rui】...
[Sound] se00053
【Tsukasa】Aaargh!
[Sound] se00128
【Rui】Oh!
【Nene】Tsukasa? Are you listening?
【Tsukasa】Hm? Yeah, I'm listening.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Tsukasa】Still, I can't believe I actually lost my footing! Though, I suppose it is only to be expected from a performance as bold and inspiring as mine, huh?
【Tsukasa】Ha ha ha ha ha!
【Emu】Oh, good. I think this is proof that he's really fine!
【Nene】Now I'm more worried about his head than his body.
【Rui】Tsukasa, some injuries only start hurting a while after the fact. You shouldn't push yourself too hard today.
【Tsukasa】That's true. I'll take precautions and hold back from making any big movements from now.
【Tsukasa】Alright, apologies for the interruption. Let's get back to practice.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000601
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] Tsukasa's Room
【Tsukasa】Sigh... I really goofed up...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000201
【Nene】Ah! Tsukasa, don't move back!
【Emu & Rui】Tsukasa!
[Background Change] bg_d000601
【Tsukasa】Aaargh! What sort of star makes his troupe worry like that?!
【Tsukasa】What if Rui starts thinking about toning down the stage effects again because of this?!
【Saki】Tsukasa! Stop stomping around, you're so loud!
【Tsukasa】Oh, Saki. Sorry about—ow! Ughhh!
[Sound] se00107
【Saki】Whoa! Are you okay, Tsukasa? You stubbed your little toe against the bed pretty hard just now!
【Tsukasa】I-I'm fine...
【Saki】Um, anyway... Don't start stomping around all of a sudden, okay? We can hear you really loudly downstairs.
【Tsukasa】Y-Yeah, I'll be careful...
[Sound] se00044
【Tsukasa】Ugh, I even made Saki mad at me. I'm so useless...
【Tsukasa】I know. I can jump and roll around as much as I want on the bed, since the mattress should absorb the momentum.
【Tsukasa】Hmm? Jump and roll around... Absorb...
【Tsukasa】That's it! It's as simple as that!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] A few days later
[PlaceInfo] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Very good, everything is in place!
【Rui】Tsukasa, what are these?
【Tsukasa】New practice mats! The ones we already have are either too small or too old.
【Tsukasa】When piled up, these new mats will break the fall of anyone dropping from a height, like a trap room, or—
【Emu】Wowee! They're so soft and fluffy♪ We should be absolutely fine even after jumping off the rooftop of the stage now☆
【Tsukasa】Absolutely not!
【Tsukasa】These mats only prevent injuries from falls. They don't magically make you completely immune to them.
【Tsukasa】So continue to stay vigilant during future practice sessions as always, understand?
【Emu】Yup!
【Nene】Not a bad idea, coming from you.
【Tsukasa】What do you mean, coming from me?!
【Tsukasa】Well, anyway. I am, after all, the showman of Wonderlands×Showtime!
【Tsukasa】It is my responsibility to create an environment where the director can feel comfortable trying anything he wants!
【Rui】!!
【Tsukasa】What do you think, Rui? Now you can go all out, right?
【Rui】Hehe. Yes, that's right.
【Tsukasa】Excellent! Then let's start today's practice now!
【Emu, Nene, & Rui】Got it!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Caption] Two months before the School Festival
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A
【Festival Committee Member】Alright, we need to decide what sort of thing our class will be doing for the School Festival.
【Classmate A】Huh, I don't know...
【Classmate B】I can't really think of anything...
【Tsukasa】Hmph! Oh, for the love of...! How can you have zero ideas? It's the School Festival!
【Tsukasa】Or are you all waiting to hear suggestions from the world's greatest star-to-be?
【Tsukasa】In that case...! I will not leave you high and dry! Here's my idea, and it is guaranteed to get you all fired up!
【Tsukasa】Let's do...! A play!
[Sound] se00140
【Classmates】(Yeah. Of course he'd say that...)
【Tsukasa】You've all gone quiet? I guess that's no surprise.
【Tsukasa】After all, I'm a famous Phoenix Wonderland actor who stars in the most exquisite productions alongside other notable actors on a less than befitting stage.
【Tsukasa】How anxious you must be, wondering whether amateurs such as yourselves have what it takes to perform in a play written and directed by none other than me!
【Classmate A】No, it's more like plays are kind of embarrassing...
【Classmate B】Yeah. Making costumes and props would be a major pain too...
【Tsukasa】But be assured that with my guidance, you will perform well enough! Here, read my script!
【Classmate A & B】(He's not listening to us at all!!)
【Tsukasa】This is the play I propose for this occasion. It's a tragedy based on Romeo and Juliet.
【Tsukasa】The title is... Romeo: Battle Royale!!
【Classmate A】Yikes, like a B-movie...
【Classmate B】He's not gonna let us go home until we read it, is he...?
【Tsukasa】Well, the script is quite long, so I won't ask you to read all of it now. So I'll summarize it for you.
【Tsukasa】It's the story of a bloody battle between nine Romeos who all fall in love with the same woman.
【Tsukasa】Will true love shine through in this mortal combat? The Romeos are tormented by rage, yearning and doubt, but who will Juliet choose?
【Tsukasa】The finale, where the true Romeo prevails, will make the audience shed waterfalls of tears...
【Classmate A】Pffft...!
【Tsukasa】Huh?
【Classmate A】Pffft... Bwahaha! Are you for real? You actually wrote this line? Pfffhahaha!
【Classmate B】Oh, man! My sides...! Tenma, you're a genius! If we're gonna do something like this, I'm in.
【Tsukasa】(Huh? Why are they laughing? It's a tragedy, not a comedy.)
【Tsukasa】(Ah, of course! My masterful script is so brilliant, they're exhilarated at the thought of performing this play!)
【Tsukasa】(Anyways, the boys seemed to like it. Now, how about the girls...?)
【Classmate C】Hahaha. What is it?! So Juliet's the only sensible character?
【Classmate D】Hehe! It like, goes beyond dumb... But the Romeos might be kinda cute.
【Tsukasa】(As I thought, they're fans already!)
【Festival Committee Member】Well, this seems like the only proposal we have so far... Is everyone okay with Tenma's suggestion?
【Classmates】Yeah!
【Tsukasa】Great!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000202
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] One week later
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Alright, that's it for today!
【Tsukasa, Emu, Nene, & Rui】Good job, everyone!
【Emu】Neneee! I'm going over the last scene one more time. Wanna help me out?
【Nene】Sure. There's something I wanted to work on too...
[Sound] se00143
【Tsukasa】Phew... Now then, what's left for the other show...? Ah, right!
【Tsukasa】Each of the nine Romeos requires a different costume and weapon. We'll also need a backdrop for the space battle...
【Rui】We just finished rehearsing and you're already back to working on your play for the School Festival?
【Tsukasa】Yeah. Most of them haven't done any plays since elementary school, so I've got my work cut out!
【Tsukasa】If I'm producing a play with my class, I need to make sure everyone enjoys it!
【Rui】Hehe. That's a good attitude. I'm looking forward to seeing how your play shapes up.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000302
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] A few weeks later
【Classmate C】Tenma! Here's how we're doing with the costumes. I think they'll be ready in time.
【Tsukasa】Excellent! It's not unusual for costumes to fall behind schedule, but our class is doing a fantastic job!
【Classmate C】Right? Just wait. You're all gonna look awesome up there...!
【Tsukasa】Yeah, I'm counting on you! Now, next is...
【Festival Committee Member】Sorry, Tenma. Do you mind looking over the forms that we need to submit to the committee?
【Tsukasa】Huh? Sure, right away!
【Classmate A】It's weird to see him like this. I thought he was just an attention-seeking troublemaker.
【Classmate B】Yeah. You know what they say, It's a fine line between genius and madness.
【Tsukasa】Hey, I can hear you! I know you envy my talents, but you could be nicer about it!
【Classmate B】Okay, okay. We got it...! But getting ready is pretty fun too...
【Classmate A】Yeah. I thought it was gonna be a drag...
【Tsukasa】What are you talking about? It's always fun to work on School Festival events.
【Classmate A】Yeah? Why?
【Tsukasa】Isn't it obvious?!
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Background Change] bg_a000302
【Tsukasa】Because you get to be part of an amazing team...!
【Tsukasa】How can it not be fun to work towards a single goal as a team?
【Classmate A】Haha... You come up with good one-lines every once in a while...
【Tsukasa】Heh, expect nothing less from someone like me!
【Tsukasa】Listen up, everyone! We are making history here! This going to be the theatrical performance!
【Classmates】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000501
[Caption] A few days after the School Festival
[Caption] Kamiyama High School
【Tsukasa】There you are! Hey, Toya!
【Akito】Ugh...
【Toya】Tsukasa? What are you doing here?
【Tsukasa】I came to give you what you requested. Here!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Toya】Oh... It's a DVD of Romeo: Battle Royale!
[Sound] bgm00015
【Akito】Huh? Is that the thing we saw during the School Festival?
【Toya】Yes. It's the glorious play starring Tsukasa. I heard he was having it recorded, so I asked if I could have a copy.
【Akito】Oh, um... Great?
【Tsukasa】Do you want one too, Akito? I can get you one tomorrow.
【Akito】Nah, don't worry about me.
【Tsukasa】No need to be shy! I saw you sitting in the first row with Toya.
【Akito】You noticed...?
【Tsukasa】Of course! I always scan the audience to see their reactions!
【Toya】Such professionalism.
【Tsukasa】Heh, you know me. On another note...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Having you in the audience was a real throwback to the past. Didn't you used to come see my shows when we were kids too?
[Sound] bgm00024
【Toya】Yes. It brought back memories for me as well.
【Akito】Kids...? I heard you two have been friends for ages, but have you been doing theater for that long, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】I have indeed! You have to start young to become the world's greatest star! My sister and Toya used to watch my performances, and even help me practice!
【Toya】I didn't do anything, I would just sit there and enjoy your shows. They were always very uplifting.
【Tsukasa】You were always so gloomy back then too... You and classical music just didn't seem to mix...
【Akito】...
【Tsukasa】But it's a star's job to cheer up their audience!
【Tsukasa】That's why also I used to do improvised performances for Toya all the time.
【Akito】Hmm...
【Toya】Yes, you did so many too. When you couldn't make do with a cast of just one, you used plushies to fill the other roles.
【Tsukasa】Oh, like Saki's rabbit plushie! That one's still in good shape.
【Toya】Huh?
【Tsukasa】(It's living the life in SEKAI, starring in shows alongside Miku and others.)
【Tsukasa】Anyway, you seem much happier these days.
【Toya】Do I? If so, that's thanks to Akito.
【Akito】Me? What did I do?
【Toya】You know, Akito. You must've noticed that I became much more positive since we started singing together.
【Tsukasa】Really? In that case, I owe you thanks, Akito! Toya's like a little brother to me, and he's my #2 fan after Saki!
【Toya】...
【Akito】Okay...
【Mizuki's Voice】Hm? Hey, Tsukasa...!
【Tsukasa】You're Rui's friend who sat in the front row at my play with Toya and Akito!
【Tsukasa】What was your name again? Akiyama?
【Mizuki】Yup, that's me♪
【Tsukasa】I still vividly remember you bursting into tears laughing during the show!
【Tsukasa】It wasn't really meant to make people laugh, but it's always rewarding to see the audience having a good time!
【Mizuki】What, you mean it? I thought I might've been pretty obnoxious, but I couldn't help myself...!
【Tsukasa】You should never be ashamed of reacting so naturally. They're what makes a play complete.
【Mizuki】Huh? Care to explain?
【Tsukasa】A theatrical performance involves two groups of people: the actors on the stage and the audience watching them.
【Tsukasa】The actors assume their roles and create a world for the audience to behold and be drawn into!
【Tsukasa】The audience's reactions, such as laughter, tears or anger, help them become a part of the play too.
【Tsukasa】It's only when everyone gathered becomes invested in the spectacle that it can reach its true potential.
【Mizuki】So my reaction complemented your show?
【Tsukasa】Precisely! And what makes theater so exciting is that the world created by the performers and the audience is different every time. No two shows are alike!
【Mizuki】Yeah, I can see that...!
【Mizuki】(In our case, we can check everyone's comments after the fact, but it's all said and done.)
【Mizuki】(The audience and the artists creating something together... That never occurred to me...)
【Akito】...
【Akito】(I totally get it. Watching the audience's reactions and getting them involved is even more important at gigs.)
【Tsukasa】(Heh. Hehehehe. I can feel it! Akito and Akiyama's eyes are glowing with admiration!)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Heh, easy now. Those eyes scream that you're hoping to get my autograph!
[Sound] bgm00015
【Toya】...!
【Akito】Wait, what?
【Mizuki】An autograph?
【Akito】Dude, I don't want your autograph...
【Mizuki】Haha. Yeah, I'm good too...
【Tsukasa】Hmm? Too shy to ask maybe?
【Tsukasa】Anyway, my official autograph is still a work in progress. Once I perfect it, I'll gladly sign something for you!
【Akito & Mizuki】(Dude, I don't need it!)
【Tsukasa】As a special treat, I'll even add a serial number to your autographs!
【Tsukasa】That way they'll be truly unique, and even more valuable! Hahahahaha!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Tsukasa】Phew... I'm glad we caught the Lion Dance Robot and the pandemonium's over.
【Emu】That means we can get back to pounding more mochi! Let's go Miku!
【Miku】Okay, Emu☆ You too, Nene♪
【Nene】Right, so... I'll go fetch some water. I won't be long.
【Emu】Okay♪
【Tsukasa】Where do you get all this energy from? You already made all that mochi, and ran around with the Lion Dance Robot...
【KAITO】It seems like we have nothing to do now...
【Tsukasa】It'd be nice just to relax, but I'd feel guilty doing that. I'll see if anyone else needs help... What's going on over there?
【Rui】This reattaches here and... Hmm. I'll need another line for this too.
【Rui】Oh dear, this part has to be exchanged too.
【Len】Wow, that's sooo cool! This is what Lion Dance Robot's insides look like?
【Rui】Hehe. Are you interested in robots, Len? Would you like to help me with the repairs?
【Len】Sure, if that's okay! What do you need me to do?
【Rui】First, can you open the bottom compartment of my tool box? That's where I keep an assortment of small parts...
【KAITO】Looks like Rui has all the help he needs.
【Tsukasa】Yeah. Len seems really excited too.
【Tsukasa】Well, it looks like I can just put my feet up and enjoy a few moments of peace and quiet... Huh?
【Bunny Plushie】What? You're giving up?
【Tanuki Plushie】Yeah, I have to...
【MEIKO】Aww, poor little guys...
【Tsukasa】Hey, you're Saki's old plushie! Long time no see!
【Bunny Plushie】Oh, it's Tsukasa! Tsukasa, I missed you!
【Tsukasa】It's nice to see you again, but it looks to me like you're having some problems?
【MEIKO】You see, they really wanted to try mochi pounding.
【MEIKO】It would've been a great experience, but everything's too heavy for them.
【KAITO】True. The huge mallets weigh quite a bit.
【Bunny Plushie】We really wanted to celebrate the New Year with you...
【Tsukasa】Oh...
【Tsukasa】You know what? You can take part without doing any heavy lifting! How about you create a rhythm for us?
【Bunny Plushie】How do we do that?
【Tsukasa】Simple. Just as one of the others lifts up the mallet, you shout, Yoi-sho!
【KAITO】That's a great idea! It'll liven up the atmosphere too!
【Bunny Plushie】Yeah! I wanna try!
【Tanuki Plushie】Me too!
【Tsukasa】Alright! Hey, Emu! Miku! Can you come over here for a minute?
【Tsukasa】Let's pound some more mochi! Are you ready?
【Emu】Yeah!
【Tsukasa】Plushies, are you ready too? We need you to keep the rhythm!
【Bunny Plushie】Ready!
【Nene】Everyone's getting involved all of a sudden.
【MEIKO】Isn't it nice, though? It's a New Year's celebration after all. It should be lively!
【Miku】Hehehe! Let's see if you can keep up with Emu and me!
【Miku】Alright, Emu! Let's get started!
【Emu】Aye, aye, captain! Nene, you ready?
【Nene】Yeah, yeah.
【Miku】Here goes! Yoi-sho!
【Tsukasa】Yoi-sho! Come on, plushies! I want to hear you!
【Bunny Plushie】Alright! Yoi-sho!
【Emu】Yoi-sho!
[Sound] se00155
【Tanuki Plushie】Yoi-sho!
【Emu】Keep it up! Yoi-sho!
[Sound] se00155
【Miku】Yoi-sho!
【Tsukasa】Is it just me or are they going faster and faster?
【Emu】Ah, so you noticed! You're about to witness some serious mochi pounding!
【Emu】Let's pick up the pace, Miku!
【Miku】You got it! Let's give this mochi a good pounding! Yoi-sho!
【Emu】Yoi-sho!
[Sound] se00155
【Tsukasa】Huh? Plushies! Don't fall behind! Yoi-sho!
【Bunny Plushie】Yoi-sho!
【Tsukasa】Huff... Huff... D-Did you guys have fun...?
【Bunny Plushie】Yeah! Thanks, Tsukasa!
【Tanuki Plushie】Thanks!
【KAITO】That was great.
【Emu】Tsukasa! Rui! Here's some of the mochi!
【Tsukasa】Finally, we get to eat! I'm famished!
【Miku】Thanks for your help, everyone!
【Miku】Time to dig in☆
【Everyone】Yay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Alright, it's time to do the cleaning that we talked about before and couldn't do because of New Year's!
【Tsukasa】But... It looks like we're missing Rui? It's not like him to be late...
【Nene】He said he made a super-efficient cleaning robot, but he said he'd be late because getting it over here was more difficult than he expected.
【Tsukasa】Well, that's Rui for you. Shall we start without him?
【Emu】Okay!
【Emu】Scrub-a-dub-dub!
【Tsukasa】Hmm... It's definitely cleaner than before... But it still looks kind of dull...
【Emu】Yeah, I can't get it nice and shiny either. Nene, how's it going for you?
【Nene】The auditorium's all clean now. Right, Robo-Nene?
【Robo-Nene】Beep. Affirmative.
【Tsukasa】I see. Robo-Nene's speed made picking up trash from between the seats take no time at all...
【Tsukasa】Hey, how about this? We can have Robo-Nene polish the floor of the stage for us!
【Nene】Wait, how?
【Tsukasa】Easy. We put a soapy rag over a stubbornly dirty spot, and have Robo-Nene stand on it and spin!
【Robo-Nene】Instructions received. Beginning operation.
[Sound] se00074
[Sound] se00162
[Sound] se00162
【Tsukasa】That's it! Now spin! The friction alone should rub the grime right off the floor!
【Emu】Wow! The spots she pirouetted over are squeaky clean!
【Tsukasa】Yes, all according to plan! That floor will glow once she's done!
【Nene】It seems to be working, but at this rate... Can she really finish by the end of the day?
【Tsukasa】Um... The stage is pretty big and Robo-Nene's feet are tiny... This might not be as efficient as I hoped...
【Emu】It's going to be okay, guys! We just have to join in and clean the floor the same way!
【Nene】No, I don't think that's wise...
【Emu】Watch me! And now I'll spiiin!
[Sound] se00162
【Tsukasa】Huh. It's actually going all right.
【Emu】Spiiiin...! Spinny-spiiiin...! Hahaha!
【Nene】Wait, she's spinning this way!
[Sound] se00049
【Tsukasa】We're on a collision course...! Aaargh!
[Sound] se00051
[Sound] se00162
[Sound] se00140
【Nene】I knew it'd end like this.
【Emu】Ugh... I'm so dizzy...
【Tsukasa】Oww... You can't compete with Robo-Nene when it comes to spinning, Emu...
【Tsukasa】Well, that didn't work... And the floor's still far from clean. What do we do now?
【Rui】Hehehe... That sounds like quite the pickle.
【Tsukasa】Better late than never, Rui! Wait, why did you bring Lion Dance Robot? I thought you were bringing a cleaning robot...
【Rui】Ah, but we'll be using Lion Dance Robot to clean.
【Tsukasa】Wait, just how exactly...?
【Rui】Just a moment. Time to switch it on!
【Lion Dance Robot】WRRRR... CHOMP...!
[Sound] se00159
[Sound] se00149
【Tsukasa】What the...? I-It's spraying water out of its mouth?!
【Emu】Wow! That's amazing! The water jet's making everything sparkle!
【Rui】While I was performing maintenance on it, I decided to add a power washer.
【Tsukasa】What?! Why?! Can it still even be used for its original purpose now?
【Nene】It looks more like a monster with a laser beam in its mouth.
【Emu】A monster, you say? Well, in that case...!
【Emu】Muahahaha! Feel the wrath of Lionzilla! Stubborn stains are no match for us!
【Nene】She gave it a name...
【Tsukasa】Anyway, let's just leave Emu with it and clean some other areas in the meantime.
【Rui】Okay, sounds good.
【Tsukasa】Hey, Ms. Supervillain! You and Lionzilla conquer the stage while we go off to find other enemies!
【Emu】Muahahaha! Leave it to us!
【Tsukasa】She's enjoying laughing like that a little too much...
【Rui】Indeed.
【Rui】Hehe. I have a feeling we have another interesting year ahead of us.
【Nene】Interesting or chaotic?
【Tsukasa】We all know what being around Emu entails. Resistance is futile...
【Tsukasa】Time to get our turf clean and tidy! Let's make everything shine!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000301
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
【Emu】Next is the super fun, exciting and psychedelic area known as Dreamland☆
【Saki】Whoa...! I used to LOVE this place as a kid!
【Tsukasa】Indeed. It's been one of your favorites since you were little. We'd always go to the Trampoline Dome, but you kept begging us to go back in for seconds or even thirds.
【Saki】Don't bring up old stories like that, Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】Ha ha ha! Forgive me, Saki!
【Tsukasa】...
【Tsukasa】(At first, the girls kept their distance from Saki when she started going to school again...)
【Tsukasa】(But it looks like they've made up and are having a great time together again.)
【Tsukasa】Hehe. I'm so proud of Saki.
【Nene】Ugh... He's doing that thing again... Talking to himself and grinning like an idiot...
【Rui】I'm sure he's just glad to see that his sister and her friends are enjoying the park.
【Emu】Yeah! And there's lots and lots more fun to come☆
【Honami】So this is the fun sort of haunted house that you and Tsukasa were talking about...?
【Emu】Yup! It's really fun, I promise♪
【Tsukasa】(Hm? Saki's going in with Honami...)
【Tsukasa】Look after my sister, Honami!
【Honami】I will. She'll be safe with me!
【Shiho】You sure? You get scared so easily too.
【Honami】I-I'll be all right. Tsukasa said this attraction is for people of all ages, from little children to the elderly.
【Saki】Yeah! Let's hurry up and get in line!
[Sound] se00049
【Honami】Huh? Saki, wait! You shouldn't be running around here!
【Tsukasa】Oh, Saki...
【Rui】Your sister and her friends seem like they're having a great time.
【Rui】But I am a little concerned about Saki. You said she wasn't in very good health?
【Tsukasa】Her doctor said she's fine now. Well, as long as she doesn't overexert herself.
【Rui】I see. I'm glad to hear that.
【Tsukasa】Yes... But I still worry about her sometimes too...
【Tsukasa】It still doesn't seem like she knows her limits all that well...
【Tsukasa】The other day, she spiked a fever during band practice and nearly collapsed.
【Tsukasa】Come to think of it, I caused you some trouble because of that too.
【Rui】That was when you said you wouldn't turn up for our rehearsal, wasn't it?
【Tsukasa】Indeed. But it turned out to just be a cold and she recovered after a good night's rest.
【Tsukasa】However, Saki doesn't want anyone else to worry about her. Not even her own family.
【Tsukasa】So she tries to keep quiet about feeling unwell from anyone else...
【Rui】Ah...
【Tsukasa】But you know, when she was on the committee for her school's Sports Festival, she took part in both organizing the event and the competitions!
【Tsukasa】So I guess she's gotten better at monitoring her health and keeping her activities within reason.
【Tsukasa】She still does occasionally forget herself... But the girls are there to look out for her.
【Rui】Yes, having good friends is very important.
【Tsukasa】Yeah. Unlike when we were kids, I can't always be by Saki's side nowadays.
【Tsukasa】It's reassuring for me to know she's got friends who do that in my stead.
【Rui】Hehe...
【Tsukasa】Hm? What is it?
【Rui】Oh, it's just remarkable how caring you can be when it comes to your sister...
【Tsukasa】Are you saying I don't normally come off as a caring person...?
【Rui】Ah, nothing like that. I'm just saying that she's very lucky to have you.
【Tsukasa】Well, of course I am...
【Staff】Is the next pair ready to go in?
【Saki】Yes, we are♪ Let's go, Hona!
【Honami】O-Okay!
【Tsukasa】Saki and Honami's turn came around...
【Emu】I can't wait! I can't wait! When's it gonna be our turn?!
【Nene】I don't really care much for haunted houses...
【Saki's Voice】Eeek! A skeleton! Get away! Get away!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00015
【Honami's Voice】Noooo! Don't come this way...!
【Tsukasa】...?!
【Nene】Are they really going to be okay? They're screaming so loud, I can hear them out here...
【Emu】That must be because they're having sooo much fun! This haunted house is one of my favorites, so I'm super glad!
【Tsukasa】How can you say that when they're SCREAMING?!
【Tsukasa】This is a family-oriented attraction... What could've made them so scared...?!
【Tsukasa】Don't tell me... Maybe the real thing's in there too?!
【Emu】Real thing...? Like a REAL ghost?!
【Nene】Wait, I really doubt that...
【Tsukasa】That blasted ghost! How dare you attack my sister and her friend!
【Tsukasa】Looks like I must exorcise it myself!
[Sound] se00049
【Nene】Ts-Tsukasa, where are you...?!
【Emu】Hey, no fair! I wanna do some ghost-busting too!
【Rui】Well, well. I did say she's lucky to have him, but maybe I should take that back...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Background Change] bg_a000003
[Sound] se00040
[Sound] bgm00017
【Little Saki】Did you see how cool that person was, Tsukasa?! They're all sparkly!
【Little Tsukasa】(I haven't seen Saki smile like this in forever!)
【Little Tsukasa】(And it's not just Saki... That main performer's singing and dancing is putting a huge smile on mom and dad's faces too!)
【Little Saki】This is so much fun! I never want it to end... If only we could watch this every day!
【Little Tsukasa】Saki...
【Little Tsukasa】I know! If we can't go to the show, then...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000601
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] Tsukasa's Room
【Tsukasa】Costume, script... Perfect, that should be everything!
【Tsukasa】I have to give this performance all I've got, for the sake of the throngs of my loyal fans eagerly awaiting my appearance on stage!
【Tsukasa】And I even had a dream last night that really took me back...
【Tsukasa】(That day, I realized my true calling is to become a star...)
【Tsukasa】(I started putting on improvised plays for Saki, trying to make my own renditions of musicals...)
【Tsukasa】(Hold on... Come to think of it, it was only the other day that I had Saki see me on a real stage for the first time.)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Background Change] bg_d000601
【Tsukasa】(I made Saki and her friends smile...)
【Tsukasa】Heh. It looks like I've come one step closer to the stars Saki and I saw when we were little.
【Tsukasa】But my goal is to become the world's greatest star! Heh heh heh!
[Sound] se00043
【Saki】Hey, Tsukasa!
【Saki】Wow, that's a big grin. What's up...?
【Tsukasa】Ah, Saki. I realized that I'm making good progress towards reaching ultimate stardom.
【Saki】Hehe, that's cool! So, are you ready to head out to work?
【Tsukasa】Hm? I am, but why do you ask...?
【Saki】Teehee! I was about to leave for my band practice too, so I thought we could walk together part of the way!
[Background Change] bg_a001301
[Caption] Neighborhood
【Saki】You've got a show today too? Wow, you're so busy!
【Tsukasa】This is nothing. When we were just getting started as Wonderlands×Showtime, we were putting on five shows each day.
【Tsukasa】Compared to then, this is much easier.
【Tsukasa】And you were out and about all day yesterday. Don't overdo it, okay?
【Saki】I'm totally fine! If anything... Having a great day out energized me!
【Saki】And I promised Shiho that I'd make up spending the entire day on fun by practicing extra hard!
【Tsukasa】Okay, as long as you keep it within reason. Just make sure you take care of yourself.
【Saki】You got it!
【Saki】Come to think of it, you're always doing so much for me...
【Saki】Do you remember that musical we saw? You know, when we were little?
【Tsukasa】Of course. How could I ever forget?
【Tsukasa】(Well, I kind of did forget until Miku, KAITO and that bunny plushie reminded me of it...)
【Saki】I told you I wanted to see shows like that every day, but I wasn't well enough to go out back then.
【Saki】So what you did was create your own shows and perform them in front of me.
【Tsukasa】What made you think of that now?
【Saki】Um... I just thought about it recently and it made me wonder...
【Saki】It was around that time when you started talking about becoming a star... Was it all for me?
【Tsukasa】Indeed. You hit the nail on its head...
【Tsukasa】You were so frail, and all I wanted was to find a way to make you happy.
【Tsukasa】Musicals were the answer.
【Tsukasa】But that is just the beginning of my legend...!
【Saki】Huh?
【Tsukasa】Now my goal is to become the world's biggest star and delight the masses with my shows!
【Tsukasa】The actors from that musical we saw back then... They captivated you, Dad, Mom... All of us! And were just absolutely incredible!
【Tsukasa】Now, it's my turn to shine! I will entertain everyone that comes to watch each and every time!
【Tsukasa】And of course, Saki, you'll always get to be there too!
【Saki】Tsukasa...
【Tsukasa】Just you wait, Saki! I... Nay, my troupe and I will bring you the best in theatrical entertainment!
【Tsukasa】Our shows will spark smiles all around not just Phoenix Wonderland, but the entire world... No, the entire universe!
【Saki】Haha! So you literally want UNIVERSAL acclaim? Your ambitions are out of this world!
【Saki】But you and your friends might just be able to do it.
【Tsukasa】Of course! There are no limits for Wonderlands×Showtime!
【Tsukasa】Ha ha ha ha ha!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000601
[Caption] Tsukasa's Room
【Tsukasa】Honestly, who do they think they are?!
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000302
[Background Change] bg_d000601
【Tsukasa】I never intended to butt into another family's business...! But those two were just...!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00048
[Sound] se00043
【Saki】Tsukasa, welcome home!
[Sound] bgm00020
【Tsukasa】Hm? Oh, I'm home...
【Saki】Whoa, Tsukasa? Is everything okay?
【Tsukasa】Huh? Oh, uhh... No, something unpleasant actually did come up...
【Saki】It's rare to see you this angry.
【Saki】Here, try some of these chips♪ You'll feel better in no time!
【Tsukasa】Wait... Those are your favorite! Are you sure?
【Saki】Of course! Come, sit with me!
【Tsukasa】*Sob*... I... I don't deserve to have such a wonderful little sister! My eyes might be starting to well up... Thank you very much, Saki!
【Saki】Oh, quit exaggerating. So what made you so mad?
【Tsukasa】Well...
【Tsukasa】(Wait... If she learns about what's going on with Emu, I'll end up making her worry too...)
【Tsukasa】I witnessed these two men were berating their little sister and...
【Tsukasa】It sounded like there was a specific reason behind what they did, but to go as far as they did...!
【Tsukasa】Ugh... Remembering it all is making my blood boil again...
【Saki】They really must've been mean to her...
【Tsukasa】Yes, they were! One of them made an insult right at her face...!
【Tsukasa】The other just let it all happen and didn't feel compelled at all to stop it!
【Saki】What?! That poor girl...! She doesn't deserve to be treated like that!
【Tsukasa】Right?! I don't care what their reason was! No big brother should ever act so disgracefully!
【Tsukasa】Luckily, we were there to step in. Rui even gave them a few good comebacks and really shut them up!
【Saki】Oh! Way to go, Rui!
【Tsukasa】Yes. I thought he did magnificently as well. Unfortunately, it sounds like they'll be back sooner rather than later.
【Tsukasa】The girl's gone quiet and doesn't want to talk about it either...
【Tsukasa】We want to help her but don't know what to do.
【Saki】I see... You really had a rough day, didn't you?
【Saki】Here! Have some more snacks♪
【Tsukasa】Thank you...
【Saki】...
【Tsukasa】Hm? What's wrong? You seem happy...
【Saki】Hehehe. I was just thinking that I'm glad I have you as my big brother!
【Tsukasa】Huh? Of course you are! There is no one else like me in this world... No, this universe!
【Saki】No, that's not what I'm talking about!
【Tsukasa】I only speak the truth. But what is it then?
【Saki】You always put my needs first before everything else, right?
【Saki】So that I'll be happy or won't ever be sad or...
【Tsukasa】Yes, I do...
【Saki】And you're always careful about hygiene, like washing your hands and stuff, so that I don't catch a nasty bug or something...
【Saki】Or when a classmate looks like they're coming down with something, you make sure that I can see them without catching what they have...
【Saki】Plus, you always have a scarf and ear muffs ready to make sure I stay warm.
【Tsukasa】So what? That's all stuff any big brother should be doing.
【Saki】No, you're wrong. As far as I know, you're the only one that dotes on their little sister this much.
【Tsukasa】Huh? I am?
【Saki】You are! There's absolutely no one else that takes better care of their little sister than you, Tsukasa!
【Saki】Maybe the only one in the entire universe!
【Tsukasa】...
【Saki】You mean just that much to me too! You're the best big brother out there!
【Saki】Which is also why I'm sure you'll be able to help that girl who's being picked on by her big brothers too!
【Saki】No, I'm not sure. I know you will! I believe in you, Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】...!!
【Tsukasa】Heh... Hehehe! Hah hah hah hah hah!!
【Tsukasa】Of course! I am the winged horse that soars through the skies! The world will know the name, Tsukasa Tenma! Nay! Tsukasa the Pegasus!
【Tsukasa】I am the greatest big brother of all, and destined to be the greatest star ever! Anything is possible for me!
【Saki】Yeah! You can do it! Woohoo!
【Tsukasa】Just you wait, Saki! I will succeed!!
【Tsukasa】(I still don't know what Emu is actually dealing with, but I won't just let her suffer like this!)
【Tsukasa】(We'll find a way to help her somehow!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Hey. Have you finished cleaning up...? Hm?
【Emu】...
【Tsukasa】(Why's Emu sitting all alone in the corner over there...?)
【Tsukasa】(What if...? Is she letting something eat away at her again without telling us anything?)
【Tsukasa】Emu, what's wrong? What aren't you telling us?
【Emu】Huh?
【Tsukasa】If there's something on your mind, wouldn't it be better if the four of us dealt with it together?
【Tsukasa】It's okay! You can tell me!
【Emu】Tsukasa...!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Mascot】...
[Sound] bgm00015
【Emu】Thanks! In that case... Let's figure out what kind of butterfly this caterpillar will turn into!
【Tsukasa】Huh? A ca-ca-caterpillar?!
【Emu】Yeah! See! It has this cute pattern on its side...!
【Tsukasa】Eeeek...!
【Tsukasa】No, you fool! Don't come any closer!
【Mascot】...
【Tsukasa】(That sharp look in her eyes...! Is what I just said bothering her that much?)
【Tsukasa】(No, jokes don't work on her. She could come at me at any moment. I should just try to let her down nice and easy...)
【Tsukasa】Oh, hahaha. Emu, you jest. Would you mind not coming any closer to me with that?
【Emu】Huh? Tsukasa, are you okay? What happened all the sudden? Did you eat something weird?
【Tsukasa】Guh?! I said don't come any closer...!
[Sound] se00049
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000202
【Emu】Hehehe! Today was so much fun, wasn't it♪
[Sound] bgm00024
【Tsukasa】Oh, really...? I guess you feel much better now so... Hahaha...
【Rui】Hehe. We'll clean up the rest while you take a break, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Oh, thank goodness.
【Emu】Then let's race to see who can clean up the most! Yahohoy♪
[Sound] se00049
【Tsukasa】*Sigh*... Being Emu's plaything is tougher than any practice or rehearsal.
【Tsukasa】Sometimes it feels harder than putting all of Rui's ideas into practice...
【Mascot】You...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Bwah?!
[Sound] bgm00027
【Tsukasa】(He's always with Emu... What does he want with me?!)
【Tsukasa】(Wait! Maybe it's because I called Emu a name during that little squabble...!)
【Mascot】...
【Tsukasa】...
【Mascot】I never thought this sort of day would come...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Mascot】Thank you for supporting Ms. Emu...
【Tsukasa】Huh...?!
【Mascot】Ms. Emu is rather stubborn...
【Mascot】She wishes to see everyone smile... She wishes to protect those smiles and is more determined than anyone else in that matter...
[Sound] bgm00039
【Mascot】And she was most afraid of doing something to rob someone of their precious smile...
【Tsukasa】Yes. It does seem that way...
【Mascot】As much as we'd like to be more sympathetic to her ideas, we are unfortunately in no position to do so.
【Mascot】By doing so, we would no longer be able to physically be by her side...
【Tsukasa】...
【Mascot】But you were able to cross that line... You were able to overcome that hurdle...
【Tsukasa】...!
【Mascot】Thanks to your efforts, it seems like Ms. Emu will open up more now...
【Mascot】Which is also why you are not to take any half-measures regarding this matter.
【Tsukasa】Half-measures? Who is that directed towards? There's no way any of us won't do everything we can.
【Tsukasa】How can we make others smile if we can't make one of our own friends smile first?
【Mascot】Good. Don't ever forget that...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00104
【Tsukasa】Yes, a star never breaks any promises. Stand witness to what we are about to achieve!
[Sound] bgm00020
【Emu】Tsukasa, I'm back!
【Rui】You seemed to be chatting up a storm with Mr. Mascot. Anything interesting?
【Tsukasa】Huh? Oh, it was nothing.
【Tsukasa】He essentially told me to look out for our stubborn little princess here.
【Emu】Stubborn? Princess? Who's that?
【Tsukasa】Who else could it be other than you?!
【Emu】Me?!
【Tsukasa】Yes! We have a mountain that's too high and a valley that's too low to deal with!
【Nene】Are you sure that's actually how that goes?
【Tsukasa】Forget the details! I'm doing it. That's that!
【Emu】Hehehe♪ I'm not really sure what you're talking about, but... Yay☆
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000603
[Caption] Tsukasa's Room
【Tsukasa】Just one week left until the Doll Festival...
【Tsukasa】(Saki's in good health as well, so she should finally be able to enjoy it the way she deserves.)
【Tsukasa】(Her being in the hospital made it so she really couldn't enjoy it properly, but we can make up for all of that this year!)
【Tsukasa】Which is why my little surprise is going to play a vital role in this celebration.
【Tsukasa】Hehehe. She won't know what to do with herself when she finds out what I'm getting her!
【Tsukasa】But first, I need to find out what kind to get and where...
[Sound] se00048
【Saki】Tsukasa? You're still awake?
【Tsukasa】Y-Yes! Yes, I am...!
[Sound] se00043
【Tsukasa】You're up late as well...!
【Saki】Oh, yeah... I'm just...
【Tsukasa】Saki...?
【Saki】I was always in the hospital around this time of year, so my mind's been sort of wandering in that direction...
【Saki】Then I saw that the light was still on in your room, so I came to take a peek...
【Saki】Hehe. I know you're not alone anymore, but I couldn't help myself...
【Tsukasa】Saki...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_e000701
【Little Saki】You have to go home soon, don't you, Tsukasa...?
【Little Tsukasa】You're right, I do...
【Little Saki】It'll be dark by the time you get home...
【Little Tsukasa】Oh...
【Little Tsukasa】(It'll be dark and I'll be all alone.)
【Little Tsukasa】If you ever start feeling lonely, Saki, just try thinking about all the plays and books we talked about!
【Little Tsukasa】That way, you'll feel better knowing that we can play tomorrow and fall right asleep!
【Little Saki】Okay...! You're really coming tomorrow too, right?
【Little Tsukasa】Of course! I'll come back tomorrow and we can compete to see who finds that man in the striped shirt the fastest!
【Little Saki】Hehe. I really like those books, so you won't beat me that easily!
[Background Change] bg_d000603
【Tsukasa】(Saki's always seemed like she was happy and full of energy, but I knew she didn't like having to spend nights at the hospital all by herself...)
【Tsukasa】(I thought everything would be okay now that she's finally back home with us but...)
【Tsukasa】Saki, would you like me to make us some cocoa?
【Saki】Hehe. Thanks, Tsukasa... But I'm okay...
【Saki】I feel better after just talking to you a little.
【Saki】I'm not scared of being all alone at night anymore.
【Saki】I know that you, mom and dad are right here with me now.
【Saki】Also, I can chat with Ichi and the girls until I doze off too now♪
【Tsukasa】Saki, you know that's not good for you.
【Saki】Hehe. I know, but it's so much fun♪
【Saki】I mean, I can finally go to bed after each day knowing that I had fun and I'm enjoying life!
【Saki】I fall asleep each night so excited about what I'm gonna do tomorrow too!
【Tsukasa】...!
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_e000701
[Background Change] bg_d000603
【Tsukasa】Saki, you still remember that...?
【Saki】I do. It's just like you said, Tsukasa. Think about what was fun that day and what you'll be doing the next.
【Saki】Sleeping is a part of that fun for me too♪
【Tsukasa】I see. But you need to be careful not to oversleep too. You don't want your perfect attendance to be blemished, do you?
【Saki】Yeah, that's true.
【Tsukasa】So off to bed with you.
【Saki】Okay. Don't stay up too late either, Tsukasa. Good night...
【Tsukasa】Good night, Saki.
【Saki】Oh, I almost forgot...
【Tsukasa】Hm? What is it?
【Saki】Let's make this year's Doll Festival the best ever!
【Tsukasa】Oh, it will be!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Tsukasa】I haven't been here since the Doll Festival ended...
[Sound] se00053
【Tsukasa】(What Luka said really made me think. Thanks to her, I was able to make up with Saki and give her the Doll Festival party she truly deserved.)
【Tsukasa】(As a star, I must show her my gratitude!)
[Sound] se00104
【Tsukasa】I don't see her. Maybe I should look by the stage next...
【Tsukasa】Ah, there she is! Hey, Luka...!
【Luka】...
[Sound] se00107
【Tsukasa】Huh?! Did she just collapse?!
[Sound] se00049
【Tsukasa】L-Luka! What happened?!
【Luka】Mhm... Huh? Oh... Hello, Tsukasa...
【Tsukasa】What happened to you?! Are you alright?!
【Luka】Alright? Why do you ask?
【Tsukasa】Because you just collapsed!
【Luka】Oh...! Wait, I did...?
【Tsukasa】Yes! Don't you remember?!
【Luka】Oh really?
【Luka】Hehe. I just felt so sleepy just now and felt like rolling around on the grass.
【Tsukasa】Wait... Huh?
【Tsukasa】Oh, that's right...! You can sleep just about anywhere...
【KAITO】Oh, I was wondering who was causing such a commotion, but it was you two...?
【Tsukasa】Ah, KAITO! Thank goodness you're here...!
【Tsukasa】I thought I saw Luka collapse just now and tried calling out to her...
【KAITO】But she was actually just sleep and wanted to lie down somewhere, no?
【Tsukasa】Yes, exactly. I was worried there for a second...
【KAITO】I appreciate your concern for her. Also, what brings you here today?
【Tsukasa】Oh, I almost forgot...
【Tsukasa】I apologize for not reporting in sooner, but I came here to tell Luka that I managed to make up with Saki.
【Tsukasa】She decided to start using both the old and new dolls together from now on.
【Luka】Aww, that's nice. And how did the party go...?
【Tsukasa】Excellent! Saki, her friends, myself and even my own friends were all able to celebrate together!
【Tsukasa】After I opened with a customary toast, we all chowed down on her favorite snacks and potato chips!
【Luka】Go on...
【Tsukasa】We played cards and even had a nail biter of a game of Old Maid!
【Luka】Hehehe...
【Tsukasa】And it's all thanks to you that everything went so well, Luka!
【Luka】...
【Tsukasa】You were a lifesaver... Hm?
【Luka】...
【Tsukasa】Wait, is she...?
【Luka】Zzz... Zzz...
【KAITO】Haha. She fell asleep while standing!
【Tsukasa】H-How...?!
【Tsukasa】Well, at least I was able to tell her before she did. I'd rather not wake her, so I'll be going now.
【KAITO】Come back anytime, okay? Miku and Len even said they miss you.
【Tsukasa】I will. See you later.
[Sound] se00104
【Luka's Voice】That's nice... So many smiles... Good for you...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】...!
【Tsukasa】Yes, thank you very much!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d001202
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
【Tsukasa】Phew...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【Rui】This show is all about making everyone remember just what kind of park Phoenix Wonderland is.
【Rui】By including every troupe and all the staff, we'll be able to put on a performance unlike any other.
【Nene】Also, when do you plan on putting on this show...?
【Rui】Ah, I received a nice tip regarding that. It seems that Emu's brothers and their prospective partner will be inspecting the park at the beginning of next month on the last day of the Show Contest.
【Rui】I'd like this show to open then.
[Background Change] bg_d001202
【Tsukasa】So there's a real possibility of the Show Contest being cancelled...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000201
【Emu】*Gasp*! You're right! And we came out on top for this round! We did it, Nene!
【Nene】R-Really?! Are you sure?!
【Tsukasa】We did it!!
【Rui】We're still behind them in overall score, but victory is within our reach. Everything hinges on the final round of shows.
[Background Change] bg_d001202
【Tsukasa】We're right on the coattails of the Phoenix Stage in terms of points for the Show Contest too.
【Tsukasa】Our Halloween and Christmas shows have clearly shown that we've been getting better and better each time...!
【Tsukasa】Yes! This means we're more than capable of outdoing the Phoenix Stage...!
【Tsukasa】Is what I'd like to stand up and say...
【Tsukasa】...
【Tsukasa】This commercial was supposed to be my chance to finally show the world just how talented I am and how much I shine in the spotlight...
【Tsukasa】No, nevermind that! We're doing this for Emu and all those smiling faces that truly love Phoenix Wonderland!
【Tsukasa】(Saki included. This park helped create so many wonderful memories for us...)
【Tsukasa】(Emu's right. Phoenix Wonderland needs to stay that way.)
【Tsukasa】Alright...!
[Sound] se00031
【Saki】Hey, Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】Hm? Oh, Saki. Yes, what is it?
【Saki】I'm about to fix up some ice cream for myself. Do you want some too?
【Tsukasa】Ah, excellent! That would be lovely!
【Saki】Okay! Oh, also... Is everything okay?
【Saki】When you left the house this morning, you seemed really excited and shouted that Project Something Something was about to start...
【Saki】But just now, you were clutching your head like something was really bothering you...
【Tsukasa】Oh, do you mean Project Wonder? That is all set and ready to go!
【Tsukasa】I can't wait for everything to get underway! Hah hah hah!
【Saki】That's only making me worry more... There's something going on, isn't there?
【Tsukasa】...
【Tsukasa】(Hmm... If I'm not careful here, she'll start feeling even more concerned...)
【Tsukasa】I assure you, it's nothing... Something unexpected came up is all.
【Saki】Are you in trouble or something?
【Tsukasa】It's that... Project Wonder is a top secret mission that I'm on and not exactly privy to telling you much more than this...
【Tsukasa】Think of it as having two treasure chests...
【Saki】Treasure chests?
【Tsukasa】Yes. Imagine that there are two treasure chests sitting right in front of you. You also happen to know that both contain unimaginable spoils.
【Tsukasa】In my current situation, I know exactly which chest I should choose...
【Tsukasa】I should choose it but...
【Tsukasa】The other one contains something that I've been seeking for such a long time and would not know what to do without it...
【Saki】I see...
【Tsukasa】But fear not. I dealt with this predicament and decided which to choose just now!
【Tsukasa】I won't be looking back as I open the chest that I should be opening!
【Saki】Hehe. That's great!
【Saki】Oh, about that ice cream I mentioned. Our choices are chocolate chip and vanilla. Which do you want, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Oh, let me think... Which are you getting, Saki?
【Saki】Whichever one you don't get!
【Tsukasa】Huh? But you should have the first pick, no?
【Saki】No! I'd rather have the one you don't want, Tsukasa♪
【Saki】Anyways, you better hurry or they'll both start melting...!
【Tsukasa】Saki...
【Tsukasa】Okay. Chocolate chip it is!
【Tsukasa】Also, why don't we just share them both?
【Saki】Huh? But...
【Tsukasa】Why not have them both together instead of separately?
【Tsukasa】(Our choice was clear from the start...)
【Tsukasa】(This treasure chest is bound to contain a way that'll help accomplish our immediate goals and make our dreams come true.)
【Tsukasa】(No, we will find a way!)
【Saki】Hehe. In that case, we're gonna need some bowls! I'll go get some!
【Tsukasa】Appreciate it, Saki!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Alright! Project Wonder went off without a hitch, and once Emu gets here, let's start talking about what sorts of shows we'll be doing moving forward.
【Rui】Yes, including what we'll be doing as ambassadors as well.
【Nene】Yeah, it sounds like Wonderlands×Showtime has gotten pretty famous now too.
【Rui】We may have the Show Contest to thank for that since we sat at #1 or #2 through its duration.
【Nene】Right. At the same time, things don't really feel all that different.
【Emu's Voice】Hey, everyone! Thanks for waiting...!
【Tsukasa】There you are, Emu. Don't worry, we just got here as well...
[Sound] se00100
[Sound] se00049
【Tsukasa】What?! W-Where are you going, Emu?!
【Emu's Voice】Huh?
[Sound] se00100
【Emu】What are you guys doing all the way over here?
【Nene】You're the one that flew past us...
【Rui】Hehe. There must be a reason you hurried over here like that. Would you like to tell us?
【Emu】Yeah! I was just talking to my brothers about us becoming ambassadors♪
【Tsukasa】Great! They did mention something about us performing at venues outside this park...
【Tsukasa】Does that mean it's actually happening?!
【Emu】No, not yet!
【Tsukasa】Gah... Then what is it?
【Emu】Uh... They said that it's really important and wanted to sit down with us to talk about it...!
【Emu】So they want to set up a meeting.
【Rui】Yes, this is quite a big step we'll be taking for Phoenix Wonderland.
【Rui】As they say, Rome wasn't built in a day.
【Emu】Oh, I almost forgot! They also said that because it's us, people are expecting to see more super amazing stuff like the show we just did♪
【Tsukasa】Is that so? Your brothers have finally realized that the sky's the limit for us?!
【Tsukasa】Heh. This world will finally be able to bear witness to my greatness.
【Nene】Ignoring what he just said, what kinds of shows are we gonna be putting on exactly?
【Nene】I have to think that we'll be performing in places with much bigger crowds...
【Emu】Hmm... Somewhere away from this park where lots and lots of people hang out...
【Emu】I know! It's the Scramble Crossing!!
【Nene】That's literally right there...!
【Nene】Are you sure your brothers don't want us to go somewhere, you know, a little further away...?
【Tsukasa】No, that could actually work. It's somewhere people of all ages gather, including tourists!
【Nene】You're kidding, right?!
【Rui】Yes, I see. There's also hardly ever a time when that station isn't busy, so performing around there may not be a bad idea.
【Rui】We may even be given the opportunity to participate in various events throughout the country.
【Nene】You're for this, Rui?!
【Rui】Hehe. We're free to speculate all we want, no?
【Rui】We could even adjust the themes of each of our shows to match the local cultures of the places we visit. Wouldn't that be something?
【Emu】Yeah...! Like, um...! If we go somewhere that snows a lot, we could have a whole show about snowmen♪
【Tsukasa】Yes, that would be brilliant!
【Nene】Okay, fine... Do whatever you like...
【Emu】And if it's somewhere by the sea, we could do a show that takes place underwater!
【Tsukasa】Yes, that too...
【Tsukasa】No, how on earth would we do that?!
【Rui & Emu】Aww...
【Tsukasa】Why are you giving me that look?!
【Rui】Because it would've been fun to do a show underwater...
【Tsukasa】Yes, I know...
【Tsukasa】Anyways! Wherever it is we do end up going, what we do won't change!
【Tsukasa】We'll be bringing joy to everyone with our shows...!
【Rui】Hehehe. Yes, I agree. Well said, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】I appreciate your ideas, but an underwater show is going a little too far...
【Rui】But this is when you're supposed to say, Leave it to me! You're supposed to take on these sorts of challenges, Tsukasa...!
【Rui】But you're saying no to this...! Why...? Why, Tsukasa...?!
【Emu】Please, Rui, don't cry...! Tsukasa, you big meanie! Stop bullying Rui!
【Tsukasa】Okay, okay. You won't fool me with this sort of farce. Right, Nene?
【Nene】Oh, Tsukasa, you horrible, horrible person...!
【Tsukasa】You too?! Don't you all realize just how hard it's going to be to do an entire show underwater?!
【Nene】We'll be fine. You can handle all of the tough parts.
【Tsukasa】Don't dump it all on me!
【Emu】Hahaha!
【Tsukasa】Regardless, until we get more details about what we'll be doing, we still have to put on shows here as we always have.
【Emu】Yup♪ Oh, I know!
【Emu】Until we do know more, what if we do a show about us becoming Phoenix Wonderland's ambassadors?
【Rui】I see. Now that we have some name recognition, it could help create even more buzz for us.
【Nene】Yeah. That's actually a pretty good idea, Emu.
【Emu】Yay! Nene liked my idea♪
【Tsukasa】Alright, then we'll run with that idea for our next show!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000202
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Alright, it's about to get dark! Let's call it a day!
【Emu】Okay♪ Great work, everyone☆
【Nene】Yeah, nice work today.
【Rui】Now to clean everything up.
【Tsukasa】Right. Let's start with the big props...
【Nene】Oh, uh... Before we do, can I say something?
【Tsukasa】Hm? Yes?
【Emu】Is your tummy rumbling?
【Nene】No, Emu, that's you. It's that...
【Nene】There's something I'd like to ask you guys to do...
【Rui】Ask us?
【Tsukasa】This is rare... No matter. Ask away!
【Nene】Okay...
【Nene】Have you guys heard about the VIRTUAL SINGER Fan Festival event that's happening soon...?
【Rui】I see. And it's held each year to celebrate and show appreciation for VIRTUAL SINGERS...
【Tsukasa】Yes, now that you mention it, I do vaguely recall. But what is it that you'd like to ask of us?
【Nene】Um...
【Nene】So, my friends and I are gonna be performing and...
【Tsukasa】Y-You and your friends...?!
【Nene】Y-Yeah, and... Well...
【Nene】One of them's having a little trouble with their dance sequence, I was wondering if we could invite them here and help them out a little...
【Tsukasa】Ne... Ne...
【Nene】...?
【Emu】Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Nene's going to bring her friends here?!
【Nene】K-Keep it down, will you?! You don't need to yell...!
【Tsukasa】I can't help it...! You, Nene Kusanagi, bringing friends over?!
【Tsukasa】All you do at school is play games on your phone all alone...! Not only that, you don't really like talking to strangers...!
【Tsukasa】But... But you have real friends!
【Nene】Can I slap him now...?
【Rui】Hehe. There, there.
【Emu】Yeah, Nene, what are your friends like?!
【Tsukasa】*Gasp* Yes, of course...!
【Tsukasa】We'll need to hear all about them so that we can put on a welcoming party for them!
【Nene】No, that really won't be necessary.
【Nene】Anyway... You guys already know Hoshino. She's actually the one who told me about the Fan Festival.
【Tsukasa】Ah, Ichika! She's liked Miku for as long as I can remember, and I even remember her saying that she wanted to perform in this event one day.
【Nene】Then there's Azusawa. She's the one Emu calls “Hammie”.
【Rui】Ah, our #1 fan.
【Emu】Oh wow! That means we get to have practice with Ichika and Kohane! Yay☆
【Nene】Oh, there's also one more. She's an idol from a group called MORE MORE JUMP!
【Tsukasa】MORE MORE JUMP!...?
【Nene】Yeah, she also goes to Miya Girls. I'm sure you already know her, Emu. Her name's Hanasato...
【Emu】Oh, you mean Minori?!
【Nene】Yeah. She's actually who I was originally talking about. I was hoping that we could help her out a little.
【Nene】This might sort of fall squarely on your shoulders, Rui.
【Rui】I don't mind. But about her group's name. I could've sword I'd heard it before... MORE MORE...
【Nene】When we went to the highlands to train, right? Airi Momoi and Shizuku Hinomori are also a part of that group...
【Tsukasa】Ah, I knew it! It's Airi Momoi's group!
【Emu】You know about them, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Saki's a huge fan!
【Tsukasa】I'm actually more surprised by the fact that Rui seems to know who they are. Why is that?
【Rui】I don't know actually them personally or anything. There's a couple of degrees of separation between us.
【Rui】One of them being Mizuki.
【Tsukasa】Ah, of course! Akiyama does seem to know quite a few people.
【Emu】Mizuki? Akiyama...?
【Rui】Oh, you haven't met them yet, have you, Emu?
【Rui】Mizuki and I went to the same junior high school, and is currently a first year at Kamiyama.
【Rui】Mizuki's even the one who designed my and Nene and Robo-Nene's costumes.
【Tsukasa & Nene】Huh...?
【Emu】Whoa! Your friend made those! That's so cool!
【Tsukasa】Wait, hold on! This is news to me!
【Nene】Same.
【Rui】Oh, pardon my indiscretion. I wasn't sure if it was okay for me to tell anyone this.
【Tsukasa】Nonsense! If what you say is true, your friend has been a key part of Wonderlands×Showtime's success from the very beginning!
【Tsukasa】I'd like to thank your friend for what they've done for us.
【Nene】M-Me too...
【Rui】Hehe. It seems a little late to...
【Tsukasa】Because you didn't tell us!
【Emu】I wanna join too since you're all going to say thank you♪
【Tsukasa】You don't go to our school, so you'll just have to wait!
【Emu】Aww...
【Nene】It's a little late for that too.
【Nene】Hehe.
【Emu】Haha.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Sound] bgm_area00004
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Len】Oh, finally!
【Rin】Yay! You're here!
【MEIKO】Welcome, everyone♪
【Luka】Zzz...
【Tsukasa】And still, Luka can sleep through all this racket...
【KAITO】To her, it may sound like some sort of lullaby.
【Rin】Nene! Nene! How'd the Fan Festival go? Was it fun?
【Len】You practiced a lot with your friends, right? Tell us how everything went!
【Nene】Okay, okay. Will you all just calm down?
【KAITO】We'll be rehearsing on stage today, so mind telling us after we make our way over?
【Rin】Okay, sure. Let's go, Nene♪
【Nene】Okay, okay.
[Sound] se00171
【Len】You guys saw Nene sing too, right, Emu, Rui?
【Emu】Yup! We even got to see everyone else perform so we've got lots to talk about!
【MEIKO】Wonderful! We'd love to hear all about it♪
【Luka】Zzz...
【MEIKO】Luka, wake up!
【Rui】Hehe. We'll have to do our best not to disappoint.
[Sound] se00171
【Tsukasa】They always get so worked up each time we visit here.
【KAITO】Hehe. Never a dull moment. Anyway, shall we?
【Tsukasa】Yes, let's... Hm? Come to think of it, I haven't seen any sign of Miku. Especially since she's usually the one charging into all of our conversations.
【KAITO】Oh, she's a little busy right now...
【KAITO】Mind if we chat for a minute once we get to the stage?
【Tsukasa】...?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000501
【Mikudayo Mascot】Mikudayo☆
[Sound] se00088
【Tsukasa】Aaahhhhh!! Huh? Miku...?
[Sound] bgm00015
【Tsukasa】It's been so long that I'd completely forgotten. That was quite an entrance.
【KAITO】Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you like that. I'm sure you've already guessed...
【Tsukasa】Yes, Miku's the one inside.
【Mikudayo Mascot】That's right. Mikudayo♪
【Mikudayo Mascot】Operation: Miku's Big Surprise was all ready to go, but I couldn't move all of a sudden...
【KAITO】Mikudayo's leg got wedged in and stuck while off stage, and I couldn't get her out myself.
【KAITO】I was going to ask MEIKO but... I was afraid that she'd get a little carried away...
【Mikudayo Mascot】Then, Mikudayo would've been in real danger. Maybe in many pieces too.
【Mikudayo Mascot】But you saved me last time, Tsukasa♪ I feel much better now that you're here.
【Tsukasa】O-Okay...?
【Tsukasa】Anyway, you need a hand, yes?
【KAITO】Yes, if you don't mind.
【Tsukasa】Okay, here we go... One, two...!
[Sound] se00156
【Mikudayo Mascot】Oh, there! I'm free! Thanks, KAITO, Tsukasa!
【Mikudayo Mascot】I'm free☆ I'm finally free☆
[Sound] se00250
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】There she goes...
【KAITO】I believe she wants to show herself off to Emu and the others.
【KAITO】Thank you for your help, Tsukasa. And thank you for always looking after Miku like this.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Tsukasa】No, it's the least I can do considering everything you've all done for us. I should be the one thanking you.
【Tsukasa】So, thank you, for all the help you've given us.
【KAITO】Tsukasa...
【Tsukasa】It seems only fitting since the VIRTUAL SINGER Fan Festival was held just recently.
【KAITO】Hehe. There's no need to be so formal. We're all friends here, aren't we?
【KAITO】We just enjoy seeing the way you and your troupe have grown, and we feel so much joy when you make real progress.
【Tsukasa】Thanks.
【Tsukasa】Also, I see...
【KAITO】Hm? Y-Yes? Why are you looking at me like that?
【Tsukasa】Just the other day, MEIKO was talking about how you're turning into the plushies' father of sorts, and I finally understood what she meant by that just now.
【KAITO】Haha... I'd really rather be their “big brother” instead of their “father”...
【Tsukasa】Regardless, your “siblings” already seem like quite a handful...
【KAITO】Haha. Not necessarily.
【KAITO】They do run me ragged sometimes, but it always ends up being fun in the end.
【KAITO】You know what I mean by that, don't you, Tsukasa?
【KAITO】The joy you feel whenever any of your siblings smiles and laughs.
【Tsukasa】Oh...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d001201
[Background Change] bg_d000501
【Tsukasa】Yes, I do!
【Tsukasa】When someone I care about feels happy, I can't help but feel happy myself.
【Tsukasa】Smiles are really incredible, aren't they?
【Tsukasa】And shows serve as a source of those smiles!
【KAITO】Yes, they certainly do.
【KAITO】Let's keep making as many shows as we can.
【Tsukasa】Yes, and make as many people as we can smile from ear to ear!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d002001
[Caption] Airport
[Sound] se00004
【Tsukasa】Hm...? Oh, that was quick.
【Rui】What was quick?
【Tsukasa】I just let Saki know that we're in the United States and she already sent back a reply.
【Saki】<Whoa! All the signs and stuff are in English! And it's still light out over there! I can't believe you're actually in America!>
【Saki】<You had me worried for a second when you came running home to grab a change of clothes, but I'm glad you guys made it!>
【Tsukasa】And I'll let her know by saying... <We should be just fine now.>
[Sound] se00183
【Emu】Oh, what did Saki say when you told her about us going to visit the United States?!
【Tsukasa】What did she say? She naturally gave us her blessing and said, “Go learn as much as you can!”
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d001201
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] A few days earlier
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
【Saki】What?! As in the United States of America...?!
【Tsukasa】Yes, I've already mentioned this to Mom, but we'll be going there to visit Riley Dream Park.
【Tsukasa】Of course, to see what their shows are like.
【Saki】Wow, I'm so jealous...!
【Saki】You're talking about THE Riley Dream Park, right? The huge theme park that's always on TV and stuff.
【Saki】I know you're gonna be busy learning about how they do things over there, but do you think you could get something for me?
【Tsukasa】Absolutely! We're supposed to have time to go around the park, so finding a few souvenirs shouldn't be an issue!
【Saki】Yay! Thanks, Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】Also, Saki, I'll only be gone a few days, so try not to feel too lonely.
【Tsukasa】And be sure to do whatever Mom says, alright? Don't forget to brush your teeth, try not to stay up too late and...
【Saki】I'm in high school now, Tsukasa! I'm not a little kid anymore!
【Saki】Honestly, I could be saying the same for you. Be careful while you're over there, okay?
【Saki】You're gonna be jet lagged on top of having to deal with a language barrier.
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah hah! Those are non-issues for a future star such as myself!
【Saki】Are you sure...?
【Saki】Still, you keep saying “future star”, but that future could be just around the corner...
【Saki】I mean, you guys were chosen to become ambassadors for Phoenix Wonderland.
【Saki】I still remember when you went off to that interview to become a cast member like it was yesterday.
【Tsukasa】Audition, not interview!
【Saki】Haha! Yeah, that!
【Saki】But you guys really are amazing.
【Saki】Your troupe was doing tons of shows every day while I was still just thinking that it'd be fun to be in a band.
【Saki】Sure, we've decided to try and go pro together, and even started doing shows at a live house... But we still don't really know how to draw a crowd.
【Tsukasa】Chalk it up to growing pains.
【Tsukasa】We didn't start off on the right foot either. Our first show was a disaster and had to work very hard just to get back to square one.
【Tsukasa】We were scrambling just to do five shows in one day while trying to make as many people as we could smile.
【Saki】You guys went through that too...?
【Saki】Does that mean our band's gonna be able to do what you guys can do if we work hard enough?
【Tsukasa】Of course!
【Tsukasa】You girls have been working diligently every day and even have a set goal in mind! To become professional musicians!
【Tsukasa】I'm sure your efforts will be rewarded. Or rather... It's up to all of you to make it happen!
【Saki】It's up to us...?
【Saki】Yeah, you're right! It's our dream after all!
【Tsukasa】Exactly! So listen up, Saki. “You have to make your own luck, and working hard will help you do that.”
【Tsukasa】Those are the words of a star that I admire and I've taken that to heart!
【Tsukasa】You yourself will have to make your own luck and create your own opportunities because fate is not so kind or generous!
【Saki】Haha. Fate might be pushing it a bit too far.
【Saki】But thanks, Tsukasa!
【Saki】I promise to keep doing my best, so go learn as much as you can, okay?
【Tsukasa】I will!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d002001
【Tsukasa】(Saki's right. I should see, experience and learn as much as possible while I'm here!)
[Sound] bgm00024
【Tsukasa】(And as her brother, as well as someone who's also chasing after a dream, I'll need to set a good example for her!)
【Nene】I knew something was up when he just suddenly clammed up. Look at that dumb grin on his face...
【Emu】Maybe Saki sent him a funny reply?
【Rui】Who knows? Also, we seem to be trailing Emu's brothers by quite a bit now.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Nene】What?! W-Wait for us! I'm not about to get lost just after arriving!
【Emu】C-Come back, Tsukasa! We're gonna get left behind!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000202
[Caption] A few days after returning
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Everyone, let's begin exchanging information regarding what we all learned from our trip to Riley Dream Park!
【Emu】Yeah!
【Tsukasa】You all made sure to write everything down, right?!
【Emu】Yeah!
【Nene】I missed this... We were only gone for a few days, but this idiotic banter really makes it feel like we've come home.
【Rui】Hehe. We definitely had plenty to discuss while we were in the U.S., but there really is nothing quite like being back at the Wonder Stage.
【Tsukasa】Nene, Rui! Focus! Do you have your lists ready?
【Nene】Yeah, yeah. Also, we're just bouncing ideas off each other, not having a focused discussion.
【Nene】I get that you're excited about getting back on stage but we need to get back to practicing, so can we get this over with?
【Tsukasa】Yes, you're right. Alright, let's begin!
【Emu】Oh, me! Pick me! When I saw how big and sparkly the main entrance was, I yelled, “Wowee♪”
【Tsukasa】Ah, I see! What did she mean by that, Rui...?
【Rui】You could try a little harder...
【Rui】The main entrance was indeed spectacular and does a very good job of getting all the visitors excited about the park. I was impressed by it as well.
【Emu】Yeah, what he said♪
【Tsukasa】You expected me to figure all that out?!
【Tsukasa】However, I felt the same thing. That park had a way of overwhelming visitors with its majesty.
【Nene】Me too. My favorite part was when all these buildings and objects I'd seen in the movies came into view after passing through the gate. I really felt like a kid again.
【Rui】Not only that, each area had a wonderful design to it.
【Rui】Of course, the castle from “The Little Kingdom” was magnificent, but I was absolutely staggered by how realistic the “Jungle Music” area felt.
【Tsukasa】We even got to hear how they consulted with actual botanists, constructed those imitation trees and even researched how jungles smell.
【Emu】Yeah! It totally felt like we were in a real jungle!
【Nene】Still, the shows we saw were the biggest surprise for me. They were all way too good.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Nene】Every time from start to finish, I was on the edge of my seat waiting to see what happens next.
【Rui】Yes, how each cast member portrayed their respective characters and the quality of their action sequences blew me away.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Rui】In particular, that one wire stunt... They somehow made it seem as if they weren't using any wires or contraptions at all.
【Rui】But they must also know some clever tricks to be able to pull that off...
【Tsukasa】And above all else, the sheer acting ability of each cast member was beyond astonishing.
【Tsukasa】They all stayed in character even while putting on those wire harnesses during that one scene. It was as if they'd somehow become a part of their characters' costumes...
【Rui】I agree. Normally, you'd put them on while off the stage, but they made it a part of their act.
【Tsukasa】Exactly...
【Tsukasa】(If I were to do that scene right now, I doubt I'd be able to maintain my composure the way they did.)
【Tsukasa】(I can't even begin to imagine how much they had to practice to achieve such acting ability...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d001101
[Background Change] bg_d000202
【Tsukasa】(The king and prince especially... Their struggle seemed so real... They felt... Alive...)
【Rui】Tsukasa...? Hello...?
【Tsukasa】...!
【Rui】You seemed deep in thought just now. Is something bothering you?
【Tsukasa】Ah, sorry. I was just going over that one show we saw in my head.
【Nene】I know how you feel. The scenes that completely blew me away immediately pop back into my head every time I start thinking about that show.
【Emu】Yeah! Because it really was a super amazing show!
【Rui】Indeed. We should thank Mr. Riley for giving us the chance to see it.
【Tsukasa】Yes, we definitely should!
【Tsukasa】Alright, I believe that's everything in terms of what impressed us the most during our trip!
【Emu】Yup! I've got everything written down too☆
【Nene】Thanks, Emu.
【Nene】But it might take a while until we're able to use some of these ideas in our shows.
【Tsukasa】To be fair, our stage, as well as this park, aren't exactly on the same scale.
【Tsukasa】But we can use what we learned to make up for that!
【Rui】I agree. I'm sure we'll be drawing upon what we experienced quite a bit moving forward.
【Emu】Yup yup♪ My heart's going vroom-vroom already☆
【Tsukasa】As is mine!
【Tsukasa】Since we're setting out to put on shows that can make everybody smile, we'll need to put a polish on our existing ones first!
【Emu, Nene & Rui】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000202
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Alright, that should be enough practice for today...
【Rui】We seem to be coming along nicely. At this pace, we'll be ready just in time for our next regular showing.
【Nene】Yeah. All we really need to do at this point is work on how we present ourselves and polish up the climax.
【Emu】Oh, me next! I wanna keep practicing our song☆
【Tsukasa】Yes, that's going to be the most crucial part of our show. Why not?
【Rui】In that case, why don't we work on that this weekend?
【Nene】Wait, aren't they doing maintenance on the stage this weekend? I thought we couldn't practice because of that.
【Rui】You are correct. As such, we'll have to practice over in SEKAI.
【Rui】We need the stage to work out the finer details in terms of how we present ourselves as we rehearse, but we can practice our song without a stage.
【Rui】However, I'm sure some of us have already made plans for then since this was originally scheduled as a break, so this practice won't be mandatory.
【Emu】Woohoo! Practice in SEKAI♪ I'm totally going☆
【Nene】I think I'll go too. Honestly, I'll probably just end up playing games all day if I don't.
【Rui】How about you, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Hmm...
【Nene】What's wrong?
【Tsukasa】My apologies. I'm scheduled to work as an extra for a show this weekend, so I won't be able to join you.
【Emu】Oh, okay... That's too bad.
【Nene】An extra for a show? Like that time you were in a flash mob for a wedding?
【Tsukasa】Yes! We ran into some trouble, which led to me asking Toya and Rui for their help...
【Tsukasa】But things are going to be different this time! I plan on using this opportunity to grow and shine as an actor!
【Rui】By the way, where will you be performing following our little wedding stunt?
【Tsukasa】I'll be in a surprise show at the Chocolate Factory. As its name suggests, it's a place where chocolate is made.
【Emu】Th-The Chocolate Factory?!
【Tsukasa】Yes, it opened just recently too.
【Tsukasa】On top of having a museum, the visitors will apparently have a chance to make their own chocolate-based sweets in this massive kitchen area.
【Nene】Yeah, I've heard about other places like that... But what kind of show are you gonna be doing?
【Tsukasa】It is after all a surprise. The visitors won't know what's coming, and we won't have any idea as to how they're going to react to it.
【Tsukasa】It'll be a wonderful challenge!
【Tsukasa】A star such as myself needs to be able to keep a show going regardless of the situation...
【Tsukasa】I don't know what this place will have in store for me, but I'll just have to deal with whatever comes my way!
【Rui】I see. Real experience is certainly a good way to learn how to flexibly handle any issue.
【Emu】Break a leg, Tsukasa☆ Also, watch out for sudden tummy aches.
【Tsukasa】R-Right...
【Tsukasa】I plan to not eat too much or too little the night before in order to prevent that from happening.
【Nene】To be fair, what happened that other time wasn't really your fault.
【Rui】Hehe. But if something like that does happen again, you're always free to give us a call.
【Tsukasa】I appreciate it. However...
【Tsukasa】There's another matter that I've been meaning to discuss with you.
【Rui】...?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Emu】Okay, see you tomorrow!
【Tsukasa】See you! Get home safe! Don't forget to look both ways before crossing any streets!
【Nene】Yeah, yeah.
[Sound] se00171
【Rui】So what is it that you'd like to discuss...?
【Tsukasa】Rui, it's almost White Day. Do you already know what you're getting Emu and the others?
【Rui】Ah, so that's what this is about. I'm building some mini robots for them.
【Rui】They'll even be able to pop out chocolates when someone says, “I'd like some chocolate.”
【Tsukasa】R-Robots with voice recognition...?
【Rui】Yes. I'm not much of a cook, so I plan to just buy some chocolates while letting my other skills speak for themselves.
【Tsukasa】Yes, I see...
【Rui】I take it you're still undecided?
【Tsukasa】Correct...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000501
【Emu】Tsukasa, Nene, Rui! Happy Valentine's Day!!
【Tsukasa】Is this?! A chocolate cake?!
【Nene】I had a feeling that you were up to something, Emu, but I wasn't expecting anything like this... I mean, you made this cake, right...?
【Miku】This is incredible! Look at all the plushies that are lined up together!
【Rui】Ah, they appear to be macarons. It must've taken quite a bit of effort to create such a masterpiece of a cake.
[Background Change] bg_d000202
【Tsukasa】Baking that cake must've taken a monumental effort.
【Tsukasa】I'm worried that I won't be able to match that at all.
【Rui】I don't blame you. Fortunately, you still have some time to come up with a good idea.
【Rui】Speaking of which, I saw KAITO and Len also working on something. You may want to ask them as well.
【Tsukasa】I see. I'll do that the next chance I get...
【Tsukasa】(Rui's already come up with an idea for a return gift based on his own skills...)
【Tsukasa】(Which means I should do the same!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000501
[Caption] A few days after White Day
[Caption] Kamiyama High School
【Tsukasa】Now, what to do about lunch today...
【Rui】I'm still undecided. Oh, is that...?
【Tsukasa】Well, if it isn't Toya and Akito... Akiyama's with them today too.
【Rui】You're right. When's the last time we saw them? White Day?
【Tsukasa】Now that you mention it, I haven't had a chance to ask how White Day went for them...
【Tsukasa】Alright, why don't we ask them to join us for lunch...?
[Sound] se00170
【Tsukasa】Toya, Akito, Akiyama! Are you about to have lunch?
【Akito】Ugh...
【Toya】Yes, are you two about to have lunch as well?
【Rui】We are. Why don't we all have lunch together?
【Toya】Really? Thank you.
【Mizuki】Yeah, that sounds great! This should be fun♪
【Akito】Fun...? Don't you mean obnoxious?
【Toya】Oh, Tsukasa. I heard that your show at the Chocolate Factory went very well.
【Tsukasa】Ah, did Akito and Akiyama tell you already?
【Toya】Yes, they did. I wish I was there to see your performance.
【Rui】Hehe. As I. It was incredible to hear how the three of you ended up having to cheer up Tsukasa's fellow cast member.
【Toya】Yes, exactly. Being able to cheer them up while keeping the show going is no small feat, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】But I wouldn't have been able to do that on my own.
【Tsukasa】Akiyama! Akito! That show wouldn't have gone so well without you two. Thank you both very much!
【Mizuki】Hehe. You're welcome.
【Akito】First the wedding flash mob, and now this... Seriously, what are the odds...?
【Tsukasa】But you did a magnificent job! You were so good with the little ones too.
【Mizuki】Yeah, you were like their bright and cheerful big brother♪
【Akito】Thanks, I guess?
【Tsukasa】While we're on the subject, there's something I'd like to ask you two.
【Tsukasa】Were you able to give everyone the chocolates you made that day?
【Akito】Huh? I mean, yeah...
【Toya】Shiraishi and Azusawa seemed to really enjoy what you made.
【Tsukasa】I see. And yours was for everyone in your music group, right?
【Mizuki】Signed, sealed and delivered♪ They loved the fact that I made everything myself.
【Tsukasa】Thank goodness. Especially after the trouble you had to go through to make them.
【Tsukasa】As for me, I put on a special White Day show for my sister and the other members of our troupe.
【Rui】That was a superb spectacle! I honestly didn't see that coming.
【Mizuki】Wait, what?! You gotta tell us more!
【Tsukasa】Hahahaha! Did that get your attention? Then, allow me to show you some pictures of what happened!
[Sound] se00183
【Tsukasa】The chocolatey White Day gift I made for Saki and the others looked like... This!!
[Sound] se00209
【Akito】What...?!
【Mizuki】It's a chocolate Pegasus! It's so lifelike! I mean, look at its wings! This is way too good!
【Tsukasa】After wrapping our show at the Chocolate Factory, I had some of the staff there help me put this together.
【Toya】This is definitely something only you could come up with, Tsukasa. I'm sure Saki didn't know what to do with herself when she saw this.
【Tsukasa】Indeed! They were hesitant to eat it because it was so cute that they took countless pictures before they did!
【Akito】Yeah, it's very you...
【Akito】But if I'm gonna be honest, I'd be asking a lot of questions if someone ever gave me anything like this.
【Rui】Hehe. I can see why.
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah hah hah!
【Tsukasa】It's only natural for a star such as myself to bedazzle an audience in such a manner!
【Akito】Geez, what's the view like from up there?
【Mizuki】Hahaha!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d002102
[Sound] se00251
[Background Change] bg_d000601
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] Tsukasa's Room
【Tsukasa】I really struggled to get a grasp of my character for our show as ambassadors this time around.
【Tsukasa】However! I was able to expand my acting range and take a big step towards becoming a star! Well done, me!
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah hah!
[Sound] se00048
【Saki's Voice】Um, Tsukasa. Are you free right now? There's something I want you to do for me...
【Tsukasa】Hm? Saki?
[Background Change] bg_d001201
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
【Tsukasa】I see. So you also don't have practice today.
【Saki】Yeah. I'm still gonna work on some stuff on my own later though♪
【Saki】But before I do that, I wanna try playing the piano with you since it's been so long♪
【Tsukasa】Oh, piano four hands! How long has it been?
【Saki】That's my point! Seeing you practice for your show really made me want to play!
【Saki】So, can we try “Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star” together♪
【Tsukasa】Yes, of course!
[Sound] se00055
[Sound] se00118
【Saki】Huh? This bench feels so small. It looked so much bigger when we were little.
【Tsukasa】It's proof that we've both grown up since then.
【Tsukasa】Anyway, let's start...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saki】Okay♪
[Sound] bgm00134
【Tsukasa】(It's been so long since we last played “Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star” together, but it's like we still know what to do.)
【Tsukasa】(Still...)
【Tsukasa】(She used to have so much trouble playing when she was little, but now, she's far better than I am.)
【Tsukasa】(To be fair, she's been practicing every day with her band. I'm so proud of you, Saki.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
【Saki】Man, that was so much fun! Thanks for playing with me, Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】The pleasure was all mine. Don't hesitate to ask if you ever feel like playing together again!
【Saki】Okay! Oh, also...
【Saki】Tsukasa, do you remember the day I was discharged from the hospital? You know, right before I was supposed to start back up at school?
【Tsukasa】Hm? Yes, I still remember.
【Tsukasa】I couldn't go pick you up with Mom and Dad because I had school that day, so I was forced to anxiously await your return.
【Tsukasa】But I became so antsy that... That's right. I ended up playing the piano to pass the time.
【Saki】Yeah! You even put on a show for me! That really weird improv one!
【Tsukasa】What do you mean “weird”? I put everything I had into that show, you know?
【Saki】But you wore this really tight and glossy jacket, remember? It looked so weird and you even put on a mustache, right?
【Saki】But it looked good on you for some reason! And the way you sang with a deep voice sounded really nice too!
【Saki】I was literally just discharged from the hospital and you had me laugh so hard that my sides started hurting.
【Tsukasa】That's right. You and Mom were rolling on the floor laughing.
【Saki】Yup! Just thinking about it makes me giggle.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saki】Also, Tsukasa...
【Saki】You playing the piano and putting on a show for me that time really put my mind at ease.
[Sound] bgm00039
【Tsukasa】Put you at ease?
【Saki】Yeah. I could finally say, “I'm home.” That actually almost made me cry.
【Tsukasa】I had no idea...
【Saki】That includes right now too. Hearing you on the piano or practicing lines makes it feel like I'm really home♪
【Saki】Not only that, whenever I'm having trouble writing or practicing a song, I open my door just a crack to listen to your voice as you practice, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】My voice?
【Saki】Yeah! Because hearing your voice always makes me feel a lot better!
【Saki】Oh, remember how Thorpe always looked up to the stars whenever he felt stuck?
【Saki】Hehe. This is just my guess... But Thorpe has his stars, while I have you, Tsukasa♪
【Tsukasa】...!
【Tsukasa】I see... In that case...!
[Sound] se00347
【Saki】Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Tenma, written as “soaring Pegasus”! Tsukasa, meaning to govern! I am Tsukasa Tenma!
[Sound] se00057
【Tsukasa】The one destined to become a world-famous star whose light never wanes!
【Tsukasa】If you ever feel lost, I shall be there with my brilliance to show you the way!
【Saki】H-Hahaha...!
【Saki】Tsukasa, you know that makes you sound more like the sun instead of a star, right?
【Tsukasa】Hm? Yes, point taken, but it works either way since they're essentially one and the same!
【Saki】And you still just gloss over the details...
【Saki】But in any case. Thanks, Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】You're very welcome!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Miku】Oh! Yay! It's Tsukasa and the others☆
【KAITO】Welcome, everyone. Here to work on your show again?
【Rui】No, we're here to report on our ambassadorial show.
【Rui】We know we caused you and the others quite a bit of trouble this time around, KAITO.
【Tsukasa】Yes, precisely.
【Tsukasa】All because I couldn't properly get into character. Not only did it affect the way we practice, but I also had to ask you over and over again for help.
【Tsukasa】As a result, I made you and Rui worry about me... Luckily, my struggles are what allowed me to understand Thorpe better and fill his shoes during our show!
【Tsukasa】So, KAITO, Miku, thank you both very much! Our show wouldn't have gone so well without either of you!
【KAITO】Hehe. Oh, the thing is...
【Miku】We already knew that♪
【Emu】Huh? Wait, how?
【Nene】Were you there to see our show?
【Miku】Yup♪ We were sooo curious that we couldn't help but go have a look!
【KAITO】It was also a chance for us to see Tsukasa etch a new facet for himself as an actor.
【KAITO】You did a wonderful job as Thorpe.
【Tsukasa】I did?!
【KAITO】Yes. You took a hard look at your character, refused to compromise or give up, and put on a magnificent performance in the end.
【Tsukasa】Wow! That means a lot coming from you, KAITO!
【Tsukasa】But I wouldn't have been able to examine Thorpe in such a manner on my own.
【Tsukasa】Rui, you suggested that I find something in common with him. I probably would never have understood Thorpe the way I do now if it weren't for that.
【Tsukasa】So, thank you for giving me such wonderful advice!
【Rui】Hehe. I just did what any good director's supposed to do.
【Rui】And you did everything you could as an actor. That's really all that happened.
【Nene】You say that, but I know you were worried about him...
【Rui】Oh? I could say the same for you, Nene...
【Nene】Huh? I... I was just...
【Nene】I wasn't worried about him personally. I was worried about whether or not we could actually do our show.
【Tsukasa】Ah, Nene, you were worried about me too?! That means I need to apologize to you as well!
【Nene】Again, I was worried about our show.
【Tsukasa】Yes, I understand! Thank you, Nene!
【Emu】Hehe. But we all believed that you'd figure everything out, Tsukasa♪
【Emu】I mean, you're our super twinkly star in the sky☆
【Tsukasa】Hahaha! I know exactly what you're trying to say! After all, I'm a future star!
【Emu】Ding ding ding ding ding! That's right!!
【Nene】Wait, that's what you meant? I thought you were talking about how he's always being launched sky high.
【Rui】That also seems correct, no?
【Miku】I thought it was that too♪
【Tsukasa】Quit trying to turn me into a star in space! And don't make it sound like I'm a human cannonball! That only happens from time to time!
【KAITO】Hehe. You're all in perfect sync with one another. You've come such a long way as a troupe.
【Rui】Yes, we have. It's always a pleasure seeing how these slapstick routines play out after someone gets the ball rolling with a funny quip or remark.
【Tsukasa】Hey, is that supposed to be a compliment?! Honestly, is slapstick all that you're after?!
【Rui】Hehe. Of course, it's a compliment. As a troupe, it's important for us to be on the same page.
【Rui】Especially since no one person can put on a truly great show on their own.
【Rui】And I believe your willingness to take challenges head on is going to have a positive effect on our shows moving forward.
【Tsukasa】Yes, since I took a big step forward in terms of being a future star!
【Tsukasa】Alright, we'll be going back to putting on shows as usual until our next assignment as ambassadors comes in, so let's keep polishing what we can in the meantime.
【Emu, Nene & Rui】Yeah!
【Miku】I'm in too!
【KAITO】Break a leg, everyone!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Tsukasa】That concludes our debrief for today's show!
【Tsukasa】Phoenix Wonderland will be undergoing some scheduled maintenance tomorrow, so the Wonder Stage will also be closed. Please take this opportunity to rest and recharge!
【Emu & Nene】Okay♪ Okay.
【Rui】Hehehe...
【Tsukasa】What is it, Rui...? Why are you snickering while looking my way?
【Rui】Oh, is that what you saw? In that case, you were just imagining things.
【Tsukasa】Your smile is only making me more concerned... But we'll leave it at that.
【KAITO】By the way, Tsukasa, your birthday is fast approaching, no?
【Miku】That's right☆ Promise to visit on the day of, okay?! We can all celebrate together♪
【Tsukasa】Ah, thank you, KAITO, Miku! Yes, I promise to visit. It'd be great to do a show as well!
【Tsukasa】For now, see you later!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d001202
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
[Sound] se00247
【Tsukasa】I'm back!
【Saki】Oh, Tsukasa, welcome home!
【Saki】Perfect timing too. Here. This is addressed to you.
【Tsukasa】Hm? What's this? A small package...?
【Saki】Anyway, I'll be practicing in my room♪
[Sound] se00253
【Tsukasa】Of course. Thank you, Saki. Now, who sent me this package...?
【Tsukasa】It's from... “The fan of a future star”?! Ah, I must open this at once!
【Tsukasa】Let's see what's inside... Hm? Just a sealed white letter?
【Tsukasa】If it's fan mail... No, this seems too anachronistic. It's straight out of a historical movie or something.
[Sound] se00077
【Sealed White Letter】“Letter of Challenge”...
[Sound] se00209
【Tsukasa】I-It's actually one of these...?!
【Sealed White Letter】“Letter of Challenge... To the so-called 'future star' who unwittingly opened this little package...”
【Tsukasa】What?! Ah, this is supposed to be some sort of mind game or psychological trap?!
【Sealed White Letter】“Calling yourself a 'future star' is all well and good, but it is high time you showed me your true capabilities.”
【Sealed White Letter】“Thus, I have prepared three trials for you. As for what they entail... Hehehe. You'll just have to wait and find out.”
【Sealed White Letter】“Of course, whether or not you accept this challenge is entirely up to you. After all, not partaking in a game you know you will lose is a valid stratagem.”
【Sealed White Letter】“However, if you wish to accept, stand before the Phenny statue in Phoenix Wonderland tomorrow at noon.”
【Sealed White Letter】“Feel grateful that I chose a familiar location that will allow you to spread your wings and put your full potential on display.”
【Tsukasa】Grr! I have no idea who this person is, but I can already hear them cackling like a hyena!
【Tsukasa】So be it! As a future star, I shall show them just who they're dealing with here!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] The next day
[Sound] se00004
【Emu】Oh! Rui! Rui! Saki says that Tsukasa just left their house!
【Rui】Thank you, Emu. Alright, all according to plan so far.
【Emu】Yeah! Operation Big Birthday Surprise is go!
【Nene】I still can't believe your brothers agreed to let us do this. Lucky for us, we get to hog the park since it's closed today.
【Emu】Hehe. They said it's a special treat because we've been going so well as ambassadors♪
【Rui】We really need to thank all of you as well for helping us. This wonderful surprise wouldn't have been possible without your support.
【Kohane】No, I was hoping to give back somehow since you always put on such fun shows and even celebrated my own birthday!
【Toya】I owe Tsukasa quite a lot as well, so I'm glad you asked me to help with this.
【Mizuki】Totally! Let's give him a big celebration together, Li'l Bro♪
【Akito】Huh? I don't really owe him anything and I didn't ask to be a part of this. If anything, I was dragged in.
【An】You say that, but you seemed pretty excited when we were setting up all the trials.
【Rui】We appreciate you joining us today as well. I really wasn't expecting you to agree to this.
[Sound] bgm00000
【???】Oh? I'm just interested in putting our self-proclaimed “future star” to the test is all.
[Sound] se00067
【???】It's important to see if he's worthy of representing Phoenix Wonderland as an ambassador moving forward.
[Background Change] bg_d000301
[Sound] bgm00032
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
【Tsukasa】That letter said to stand in front of the Phenny statue... Which should be this one...
【Tsukasa】Hm? I spy a suspicious-looking digital timer and tablet. Does this mean I'm supposed to look at the tablet...?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Let's see... “Trial 1. Perfectly memorize the dance routine in the video within five minutes.”
[Sound] se00352
[Sound] bgm00074
【Tsukasa】What?! The video's already playing?! Wait, the timer's counting down too!
【Tsukasa】Heh. But I have nothing to worry about. I'm more than used to dealing with Rui, Emu, Miku and the others' antics at this point.
【Tsukasa】Now...
【Tsukasa】(This dance routine's nothing like the musical numbers I'm more familiar with learning.)
【Tsukasa】(I see... The dancers in the video aren't letting their centers drift at all. Not only that, their footwork's outstanding!)
【Tsukasa】(But they're wearing their hats in such a way that I can't see their faces. Still, why does it feel like I've seen them before somewhere...?)
【Tsukasa】Wait, no! The first trial's underway! I need to focus on memorizing the dance routine!
【Tsukasa】One, two, three, four...! One, two... Done!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah hah! How's that?! In less than five minutes!
[Sound] se00032
【Tsukasa】Hm? That sound... It certainly gives me the impression that I passed.
[Sound] bgm00032
【Tsukasa】Ah, the tablet's showing a map now! I see. My next stop is just in front of the Trampoline Dome.
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah hah! I shall elegantly achieve perfection with the next trial as well!
[Sound] se00104
【Akito】I guess that dance was too easy...
【Mizuki】No, it definitely wasn't.
【Mizuki】The video itself was like a minute and a half, so that's two play-throughs tops given the time limit.
【Toya】True. To be fair, I practiced dancing it with Akito, but I couldn't learn it in five minutes.
【An】Plus, it involves some tricky steps and really quick turns.
【Kohane】Hehe. But Tsukasa looked so cool when he got it down.
【Toya】Yes, I agree. He even seemed to enjoy it towards the end.
【Akito】Grr... I should've picked a tougher one.
【Mizuki】Haha! You're just like Ena! She hates losing so much♪
【Akito】What?
【An】Anyway, our big surprise is still rolling, so let's hurry and get the next spot set up.
【Toya】Right. We'll need to make sure he has fun all the way through until the end.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000301
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Outside the Fluffy☆Trampoline Dome
【Tsukasa】Oh, there it is! The second trial!
【Tsukasa】Hmm... This time, there's a box for drawings or raffles, a video camera and a handwritten set of instructions. I'll start by reading it.
[Sound] se00077
【Handwritten Instructions】“Trial 2: Improv! Draw three topics from the box and face the camera when you're ready to perform!”
【Handwritten Instructions】“Warning! You're not allowed to redraw your topics, so choose carefully! Anyway, good luck♪”
【Tsukasa】Ah, an improvised show. This is definitely my strong suit, but...
【Tsukasa】The way these instructions are written... It feels so different from the original letter, and I've seen this handwriting before somewhere...
【Tsukasa】(No, this can't be Saki. There's no reason for her to write such a letter or cooperate with the sender.)
【Tsukasa】For now, I'll draw my topics! Three, was it?
[Sound] se00148
【Tsukasa】Let's see... “Space”, “Band” and “Plushies”...?
【Tsukasa】Heh. The second trial's going to be a cakewalk for me. Does it not realize how many improv plays I've put on for Saki?
【Tsukasa】Alright... Action!
[Sound] se00032
【Tsukasa】Yesss! Sounds like I passed!
【Tsukasa】But where am I supposed to go next? The instructions I read just now didn't make any mention of that...
【Tsukasa】Oh, there's more on the back...
[Sound] se00122
【Reverse of the Handwritten Instructions】“If you hear the signal that you've passed, go to the location of the final trial. The Wonder Stage♪”
【Tsukasa】The Wonder Stage?!
【Tsukasa】It's essentially giving me a home-field advantage. Bring it on!
[Sound] se00049
【Emu】Tsukasa's play was so good☆
【Rui】Yes, it was. Not only did he incorporate each topic rather nicely, but he even came up with a fun story.
【Rui】A space alien who sets its sights on Earth after invading countless other worlds but must take possession of a plushie to adapt to the environment.
【Rui】However, it discovers the beauty of music after learning that the owner of the plushie used to play in a band.
【Nene】The finale was also pretty good considering he made it up on the spot.
【Nene】To think that the space alien tells its friends all about music and decides to set out on a journey to spread what he learned far and wide instead of invading.
【Rui】Hehe. Tsukasa certainly has a talent for telling these kinds of stories.
【Emu】Yeah! Oh, did the camera get everything?
【Rui】Yes, it's all recorded.
【Emu】Thank goodness! We really should show Saki and the others this since they couldn't make it today♪
【Rui】Of course. We owe them that much for coming up with all these topics for us.
【Rui】Now, why don't we start making our way over to the location for the final trial?
【Emu】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Sound] bgm00026
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】There's nothing here. Where is everyone...?
【Tsukasa】(I was under the impression that the sender of that letter would be waiting for me here...)
【Tsukasa】Alright, I've come this far! Quit hiding and show yourself! Let us get this final trial of yours underway!
【Tsukasa】Or are you too scared to face me? Don't tell me you've run off already.
[Sound] bgm00000
【???】Who said anything about running?
【Tsukasa】...!
[Sound] se00301
【Sakurako】It's been quite a while since we last spoke like this, Tenma.
【Tsukasa】Y-You're...! Sakurako Seiryuin?!
[Sound] bgm00059
【Sakurako】Indeed. None other than the prima donna of the number one show stage in Phoenix Wonderland... Sakurako Seiryuin!
【Sakurako】And it is I who sent you that letter of challenge!
[Sound] se00146
【Tsukasa】Wh-What...?!
【Sakurako】Thank you for the dull reaction. Anyway, it's time to start the final trial.
【Sakurako】Which simply involves... Acting! Why don't you show me some of the performances you did as an ambassador that were touted as being so wonderfully elegant?
【Sakurako】I know all of “A Pianist Named Thorpe,” so choose whichever scene suits your fancy.
【Tsukasa】You say that... But I can't really do much without a piano...
【Sakurako】Not to worry. Bring it up.
[Sound] se00351
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00130
【Tsukasa】What?! A piano?! From the trapdoor?!
【Sakurako】I had it brought over from the Phoenix Stage, so you're welcome.
【Tsukasa】Talk about being prepared! Well played, Sakurako Seiryuin...
【Tsukasa】Alright, just sit back and watch! Behold, the new heights I've reached as an actor...!
【Sakurako】...!
[Sound] bgm00039
【Thorpe】“They're finally gone. I can practice in peace now... But there might not be any point now since the contest is tomorrow.”
【Thorpe】“*Sigh* I only have half a day left...”
【Thorpe】“The stars... They're so beautiful...”
【Thorpe】“And it's the day of the contest. Thanks to them, I was hardly able to practice at all...”
【Thorpe】“The seats are... Oh, it's a full house. I'm getting dizzy just thinking about having to play in front of all of them.”
[Sound] bgm00000
【Thorpe】“No, I just want to...”
【Thorpe】“I just want to keep playing.”
[Sound] bgm00133
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】How's that, Sakurako Seiryuin?! Enjoy my rendition of Thorpe?!
【Sakurako】...
【Tsukasa】Hm? Hey, Sakurako Seiryuin, you there?
[Sound] bgm00032
【Sakurako】Ugh! Will you be quiet?! I was trying to immerse myself in the music!
【Tsukasa】S-Sorry!
【Tsukasa】Wait, why am I the one who's apologizing?! Also, did I pass this trial?!
【Sakurako】You really have to ask...? You passed! Happy?
【Sakurako】But I see that you're capable of more than just obnoxiously loud acting now...
【???】I agree. Our troupe leader has come quite a long way, no?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Huh?! What are you all doing here?!
【Rui】Apologies for pulling one over on you like this, Tsukasa. We were actually all behind that letter you received.
[Sound] bgm00006
【Emu】Hehe. It's a little early, but we wanted to celebrate your birthday by having a big surprise.
【Tsukasa】What?! This is a birthday surprise?!
【Nene】Yeah, I get your confusion... Having the birthday boy undergo a bunch of trials still sorta doesn't make much sense to me.
【Rui】Oh? It's because things are much more fun and thrilling this way.
【Tsukasa】I see... I'd expect no less from you, Rui.
【Rui】You would've likely seen right through a more rudimentary plan. Also, you seemed to have fun during our little trials.
【Tsukasa】Yes, I most certainly did!
【Rui】Hehehe. As a reward for overcoming all of these trials, we'd like you to join us for a special party.
【Tsukasa】A special party?
【Rui】Ready, everyone?
【Kohane, An & Mizuki】Yes! Yeah!
【Emu】Happy birthday, Tsukasa☆
[Sound] se00009
【Rui, Nene & Sakurako】Happy birthday!
【Everyone】Happy birthday!
【Tsukasa】Oh...! You're all here too!
【Kohane】Yes. We really wanted to be a part of this surprise!
【Toya】And so, Tsukasa, we wish you a very happy birthday.
【Tsukasa】*Gasp* I... I...!
【Tsukasa】I feel so blessed to have such wonderful friends and juniors...!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000077
[Sound] bgm00097
【Saki】Happy birthday, Tsukasa♪
【Ichika, Honami & Shiho】Happy birthday!
【Ichika】We would've been there to celebrate with you, but our show ended up conflicting.
【Honami】Fortunately, we were able to help with the trials thanks to Kamishiro being so accommodating.
【Shiho】Yeah. Coming up with all those improv topics was actually kinda fun.
【Saki】I can't wait to see the video Emu and the others took for us! Get ready to hear all about how we think you did after we get a chance to watch it, Tsukasa!
【Toya】Happy birthday, Tsukasa. I hope this surprise allowed me to give back even a little bit considering everything you've done for me.
【Kohane】Hehe. I hope so too.
【An】Yeah, totally! You saw how much he enjoyed the party that came after our surprise, right?
【Mizuki】Man, that was so worth the effort. Well, to be fair, all I did was some video editing♪
【Akito】But he ended up crying because he was so happy. I guess it was sort of worth helping with those trials.
【Emu】Tsukasa, happy wonderhoy birthday♪ You try saying it too, Sakurako!
【Sakurako】M-Me...?! I don't really mind, but if I could also drag Kusanagi down... Rather, would you like to join us?
【Nene】Wait, you clearly just said that you want to drag me down.
【Rui】Hehehe. Why don't we all say it together?
【Sakurako】Fine. I suppose his acting performance merits that much.
【Emu】Yay! Alright, here we go! Happy wonderhoy birthday!
【Nene, Rui & Sakurako】Happy wonderhoy birthday!
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【Tsukasa】Thank you for joining me to celebrate my birthday!
【Tsukasa】Your kind and thoughtful words are like the stars in our universe. Each one shines in a way that gives me strength!
【Tsukasa】It's going to take me quite a while to repay this debt, but my goal will be to put on the greatest shows possible in return.
【Tsukasa】I, along with the rest of us at Wonderlands×Showtime, will be counting on your support moving forward!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d002202
[Caption] Desert Island - Jungle
【Tsukasa】Alright, we returned to the jungle cave to get our living space set up...
【Rui】But... It's not as big as we initially expected. This may be just barely enough space to serve as our sleeping area.
【Tsukasa】There's no wind or rain to speak of right now, so why don't we set up the living space next to our base camp instead?
【Rui】Yes, that sounds good, so let's return to where Nene and the others are. We should also keep an eye out for any flotsam that we can use as blankets and covers along the way.
【Tsukasa】Agreed! The cruiser also has some, but there's no harm in having more!
[Background Change] bg_a004702
[Caption] Coast
【Tsukasa】Let's see... What can we use as blankets or covers...? Aha...!
【Tsukasa】Is this a sail from a yacht...? It's torn, but we should still be able to use it!
【Tsukasa】Hey, Rui! I found something that's perfect!
【Tsukasa】Hm? Rui...?
【Tsukasa】That's odd... He was here just a second ago...
【Tsukasa】Rui? Hello?
【Tsukasa】Hm...?
[Background Change] bg_d002202
[Background Change] bg_a004702
【Tsukasa】What's he doing with his face stuck in the bushes?
[Sound] se00227
[Background Change] bg_d002202
[PlaceInfo] Desert Island - Jungle
【Tsukasa】Rui, there you are. What are you doing snooping around in the bushes?
【Rui】Ah, Tsukasa, perfect. I was just about to come get you.
【Rui】Here, take a peek. Try looking at the foot of that tree.
【Tsukasa】The foot of that tree?
【Baby Monkey A】Ook! Ook ook!
[Sound] se00364
【Baby Monkey B】Ook! Oook!
【Baby Monkey C】Ook... Ook?
【Tsukasa】I'm seeing three baby monkeys... What about them?
【Rui】Hehe. Just keep watching. Those monkeys all seem to have a very different personality from one another.
【Rui】First, the one swinging around that branch seems fairly assertive. That other one is happily going along with its antics while the third is timidly hunched over.
【Baby Monkey A】Ook! Ook!
[Sound] se00364
【Baby Monkey B】Ook! Oook♪
[Sound] se00365
【Baby Monkey C】O-Ook... Ook...
【Tsukasa】Yes, I'm starting to see their individual personalities...
【Rui】Interesting. And then, you can...
【Baby Monkey A】Ook! Ook ook!
[Sound] se00364
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】<Hey, you guys, guess what?!>
[Sound] bgm00006
【Baby Monkey A】Ook! Oook!
[Sound] se00364
【Rui】<The big folk that walked into our territory earlier... They're called “humans”!>
【Baby Monkey B】Ook! Oook!
[Sound] se00365
【Rui】<Yes, grandfather's told me stories about them!>
【Baby Monkey C】Ook... Ook?
[Sound] se00363
【Rui】<Those monkeys looked so strange. Which forest do you think they came from?>
【Baby Monkey A】Ook! Ook ook!
[Sound] se00364
【Rui】<Not a forest! They came from beyond the salty water!>
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】Hehehe... Something along those lines?
【Tsukasa】You caught me off guard when you suddenly started doing voices for them, but...
[Sound] bgm00024
【Tsukasa】Believing that humans are monkeys who came from another forest and the way they described seawater... It was very interesting...
【Rui】Wasn't it? It was a fun way to get in some acting practice, but it was also a nice way to work on getting in character by learning how others think and see the world.
【Rui】By the way, Tsukasa, if you were in those monkeys' shoes, how would you describe the cruiser we arrived here on?
【Tsukasa】Well... A big box...? No... The concept of a box may be foreign to them...
【Tsukasa】Metal? White? Triangle? No... Those concepts may also be beyond their grasp.
【Tsukasa】Hmm... This is harder than I thought. How would you describe our cruiser, Rui?
【Rui】Well, they might see it as a large fish with a tough exterior or a strangely hard stone that can somehow float on the water...
【Tsukasa】I see. A giant fish seems plausible. But I'm less sure about it being a rock.
【Rui】That was predicated on those monkeys being able to discern that our cruiser isn't a living creature.
【Rui】And like you said, Tsukasa, “metal” may be a foreign concept to them. That's why I thought it'd be better to call it something other than “metal”.
【Rui】It's identifiable by how hard it is, so I simply guessed that they'd end up calling it some sort of rock or stone.
【Rui】It's cool to the touch as well, so they may even expand upon that by calling it a type of cool stone.
【Tsukasa】Ah, now I understand! That explains your stone idea!
【Tsukasa】Also, is there more to that conversation you just voiced?
【Rui】More? Not exactly, but I did come up with some ideas as to how their conversation would've continued.
【Rui】They'll feel compelled to go down by the water, see that we're trying to fix our vessel and set sail by stealing it somehow.
【Tsukasa】And they'll go on a big adventure! That's wonderful!
【Rui】Hehe. Unfortunately, we'd be stranded here.
【Rui】And we've been chatting up a storm. We should probably start working on getting our living space set up.
【Tsukasa】Hm? Right... That does take priority... Still, why don't we keep talking while we work?
【Tsukasa】I can see it now! A fantastic adventure about humans getting lost in a forest full of monkeys where they learn to work together despite not being able to communicate through speech!
【Rui】Yes, that does sound fantastic. Let's discuss that further!
【Tsukasa】Alright, first, the part about not being able to communicate seems like the most interesting part, since there could be instances where some wires get crossed...!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Background Change] bg_a004701
[Sound] se00366
[Caption] Coast
【Shosuke】All of you, wait here! I'm going to head over to guide the helicopter!
【Tsukasa】Okay!!
[Sound] se00366
【Nene】Phew... We can finally get off this island...
【Rui】Yes, so all that's left is to make our ambassadorial performance a success after being postponed.
【Tsukasa】Oh, that's right! Phone, I beg you... Even just a moment of life will do...
【Tsukasa】We haven't been able to talk to KAITO or the others since last night, so it'd be nice to tell them that help has arrived...
【Emu】Yeah... They're probably really worried about us.
【Nene】If its battery being drained is the only issue, can't you just have Robo-Nene recharge it for you?
【Tsukasa】What?! She can do that?!
【Rui】Yes. However, your phone may short out the second you connect it to her.
【Tsukasa】But not being able to tell KAITO and the others that we're okay...
【Tsukasa】I don't care what happens. Rui, let's give it a shot!
【Rui】Okay... Robo-Nene.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Robo-Nene】Understood! Commencing charge sequence. Please connect this cord to your phone.
【Tsukasa】Okay! Like this...?
[Sound] se00361
【Nene】Hey, it's charging! Does this mean it's working?
【Tsukasa】Excellent! Hang in there, phone!
【MEIKO's Voice】<Oh, is our connection back?!>
【KAITO's Voice】<I think so! Hello! Tsukasa! Everyone!>
【Emu】That sounded like MEIKO and KAITO!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Miku's Voice】<I'm here too! But it's so dark! I can't see where you guys are!>
【Tsukasa】The hologram feature must be malfunctioning.
【Rui】It did take a swim in the ocean after all. Tsukasa, it may be wise to say what you need to and turn off your phone.
【Tsukasa】Okay.
【Tsukasa】MEIKO, KAITO, Miku! Please tell the others that we're all safe!
【Tsukasa】A helicopter just came to rescue us too! So, we should be able to get off this island and go do our show!
【KAITO's Voice】<Your show?! It's really happening?!>
【Tsukasa】Yes, that seems to be the case. We've come this far, so we're going to give it everything we have!
【Tsukasa】However, we likely won't be able to visit you until we get our phones fixed.
【MEIKO's Voice】<That's okay! We'll be waiting for you all to return to us happy and healthy♪>
【Emu】We absolutely really, really promise to visit when we can, so please wait for us until then!
【Miku's Voice】<Okay! See you then☆>
【Emu】Hehe. I'm so glad we got a chance to tell them that we're okay!
【Tsukasa】So am I! Let's make sure our ambassadorial performance goes well so that we have good news to report the next time we see them!
【Emu, Nene & Rui】Yeah! Yes.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Sound] bgm_area00004
[Caption] A few days later
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Len】Hey, KAITO! Tsukasa and the others are here!
【KAITO】Everyone...!
【Luka】Oh, you all seem to be in high spirits.
【Tsukasa】Because we are! We already told Miku and MEIKO this on the day our phones were fixed and returned to us...
【Tsukasa】But we'd like to report that our ambassadorial performance was a triumphant success!
【KAITO】Yes, we awaited your return knowing that it would be. So, everyone, welcome back.
【KAITO】Or... Is it a bit strange for me to be saying that...?
【Emu】No, I'm really glad you did!
【Nene】Yeah...
【Rui】But it does feel a bit funny.
【Tsukasa】Alright, once more!
【Tsukasa, Emu, Nene & Rui】Everyone, we're back!
【KAITO & Co.】Welcome back!
【Rin】Oh, I wanna hear more about your show!
【Len】Me too!
【Tsukasa】Yes, of course.
【Emu】Oh, we even got to do some water skiing after our show was over♪
【Nene】I decided to give it a try too after working up enough courage, but it turned out to be pretty fun.
【KAITO】That's wonderful. We'd love to hear more.
【Tsukasa】Yes, we'll tell you all about it!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Nene】“Hmph... You're a machine. Speak when you are spoken to.”
【Tsukasa】“Understood. Please excuse my insolence.”
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000202
[Sound] bgm00024
【Rui】Okay, this seems like a good place to end for today.
【Asahi】Alright, everyone, nice work today!
【Tsukasa】Nice work!
【Tsukasa】(That last scene didn't go the way I'd hoped.)
【Tsukasa】(I'm definitely still having trouble gauging just how much human expression I'm supposed to be using...)
【Tsukasa】“Understood. Please excuse my insolence.”
【Tsukasa】Hmm... No, that isn't right either... I'm giving a quick response like I should, but I need to hold back my emotions less.
[Sound] se00143
【Emu】Tsukasa☆
【Nene】Nice work today. About the last scene we just did...
【Tsukasa】“Understood. Please excuse my insolence.”
【Tsukasa】No, now I'm emoting a bit too much.
【Tsukasa】However, this is the scene where he decides to speak to Sergeant Willis after seeing her at odds with herself. I doubt he's going to be completely devoid of emotions...
【Emu】Yup yup! I agree!
【Nene】Same. I know it's not easy, but I think you should be a little more expressive.
【Tsukasa】I had a feeling... But you're right. Let's try to... Wait, Emu?! Nene?!
【Emu】Hehe. You finally noticed!
【Tsukasa】How long have you two been here? Also, were you listening to everything I said just now?!
【Nene】Hold on. You really didn't think anyone else would hear...?
【Rui】Hehe. For a conversation that you thought you were having with yourself, it was very audible.
【Tsukasa】What?! Rui?! Asahi?! You're also here?!
【Asahi】I know how you feel. I also had trouble getting a good grasp of that part.
【Tsukasa】You too, Asahi?
【Asahi】Yes. It's so difficult to gauge how much of which emotions to use...
【Asahi】Which in turn changes the image of how I envision Bartlett speaking and behaving in the later scenes.
【Rui】You did seem to deliberately act more robotically there towards the end.
【Asahi】He's being reprogrammed by the military, so it seemed appropriate to show how his humanity is being chipped away.
【Asahi】However, despite slowly losing his humanity, something seems to linger and persist within Bartlett.
【Asahi】That something is what I believe caused Bartlett to say what he does to Sergeant Willis.
【Tsukasa】Something lingering inside him... How that scene is portrayed may vary greatly depending on what that actually is...
【Asahi】It's just my interpretation, but I hope that helps.
【Tsukasa】Yes, very!
【Tsukasa】I'll take that into account while thinking more about this scene. And I'll return tomorrow ready to give a better performance!
【Asahi】That's great! I'm looking forward to seeing what you come up with!
【Tsukasa】Thank you very much! I promise to find an answer that I feel is satisfactory!
【Nene】Hey, don't forget to tell me too. I'm the one who has to do that scene with you.
【Tsukasa】Ah, I won't! Don't worry!
【Tsukasa】(Strange... I wasn't able to give my best performance today, but I feel fantastic.)
【Tsukasa】(This is completely different from what I went through when trying to play Thorpe. Maybe it's because I'm not as lost as I was that time.)
【Tsukasa】(It's as if each of my experiences is guiding me and telling me what to do...)
【Tsukasa】Anyway, I'll be going now! See you all tomorrow!
[Sound] se00049
【Emu】See you tomorrow, Tsukasa!
【Asahi】He really is interesting... And such a conscientious actor.
【Rui】Yes, he is.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000202
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Asahi】We've finished putting away all the props.
【Tsukasa】Thank you very much. We're just about done cleaning as well!
[Sound] se00104
【Rui】Tsukasa, Asahi, would you two mind handling the rest?
【Tsukasa】Hm? But we've finished cleaning and putting away everything...
【Asahi】Did something else come up?
【Rui】Unfortunately, we seem to have run out of the flower confetti we were going to use for our show, and need to go buy some more.
【Tsukasa】Is that all? Then, I'll go with you! I'm sure you'll need someone to carry it.
【Asahi】Oh, mind if I tag along as well? I'd like to see where you guys buy your supplies.
【Asahi】There's also something that I'd like to buy.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002402
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] Main Street
[Caption] Stationery Store
【Asahi】Let's see... Aha! Here it is!
【Rui】You're getting... A notepad?
【Asahi】Yes, it's nice to have one that fits in my pocket.
【Asahi】Not only that, the paper stays clean even when I get all sweaty after moving around a lot. It's very useful.
【Tsukasa】I can see why. I too carry around a notepad sometimes during practice...
【Tsukasa】But it usually ends up a crumpled mess afterwards...
【Asahi】You too, Tsukasa?! Then, I really recommend that you get this!
【Asahi】Oh, but you should take it out when doing a performance that involves being submerged in water. I remember ruining one that I'd just bought after forgetting I had it in my pocket.
【Tsukasa】Submerged in water? I'm interested in what this show of yours was about...
【Tsukasa】Anyway, I'll try using this notepad!
【Asahi】Awesome! It'll be great to see someone else using it!
【Rui】By the way, I saw you using your notepad a few times during practice today. Can I ask what you like to write in it?
【Tsukasa】Yes, I'd like to know as well!
【Asahi】During practice, I usually just write acting notes in it.
【Asahi】But for shows like this where I work with new people, I like to also jot down some things about them.
【Asahi】I mean, if you want to put on a good show, you need to know what your fellow actors' personalities and acting styles are like!
【Tsukasa】Yes, I agree!
【Rui】But you said, “During practice”... Do you use it outside of practice as well?
【Asahi】Yes, I try to write down anything that catches my attention or piques my interest while living life each day.
【Tsukasa】While living life each day...
【Asahi】Yes. Acting involves deliberately speaking and behaving in specific ways based on the roles we're assigned to play, right?
【Asahi】But normal people don't act. They do certain things subconsciously.
【Asahi】Tucking their hair behind their ear, touching their arms, moving their eyes up and down...
【Asahi】Those simple acts become the basis of people's personalities.
【Asahi】That's why I've made it a habit to try and see all the little things that they do.
【Asahi】But I have to be careful not to stare too much since doing that probably makes me look pretty weird!
【Tsukasa】I see...
【Tsukasa】(Even outside of practices, Asahi does whatever he can to improve his acting skills...)
【Tsukasa】(Which explains why he's able to put on such incredibly realistic performances.)
【Rui】We always seem to learn so much from these conversations.
【Tsukasa】Indeed! A new discovery each time!
【Tsukasa】I also take notes to make sure I don't forget about what I learn during practices, but I've been writing considerably more after we started practicing with you and the cast members of ArcLand, Asahi.
【Asahi】It's nice to hear that we've been helping.
【Tsukasa】You have! Still, I feel like we've been doing all the taking... If only we could give back somehow...
【Asahi】But you already have.
【Asahi】A lead with a wonderful aura and incredible acting range. An actor with a vivid imagination and the ability to easily perform all these acrobatic stunts...
【Asahi】A songstress with peerless singing skills and the ability to handle delicate stories and characters with ease. And of course, a director who can conjure up unexpected stunts and effects for any genre!
【Asahi】Because you're all so interesting, practicing each day with you has been an absolute pleasure!
【Asahi】Hm? You don't seem to believe me. But you can tell I'm right based on how my fellow cast members have been behaving. They all look like they've been having a lot of fun, right?
【Rui】Yes, they have.
【Asahi】How we're doing it doesn't matter. The fact is that we've been influencing each other in a positive manner over this past month.
【Asahi】So, I'm looking forward to performing with all of you again tomorrow.
【Tsukasa】...!
【Tsukasa】Yes, the feeling is mutual!
【Asahi】Oh, I'm sorry. I almost forgot that we're here to buy confetti. I didn't mean to let my own shopping get in the way.
【Tsukasa】Not a problem! The store just happens to be right over there.
【Rui】Then, shall we?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d001202
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
[Sound] se00043
【Tsukasa】I'm back!
【Saki】Welcome home, Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】Ah, Saki, you're home. How did things go afterwards?
【Saki】We took a bunch of pics to celebrate, practiced a little and went home after that.
【Tsukasa】I see. Sounds like you had a fun New Year's.
【Saki】Haha. You guys definitely had way more fun.
【Saki】I mean, I knew that you'd be performing, but I really wasn't expecting to run into you the way we did.
【Saki】Also, you guys ran off saying that you had to get to your next location. Where'd you guys go after doing that show at the beach?
【Tsukasa】A mountain! After that, we went to a ski resort and the mall!
【Tsukasa】It ended up being a wonderful experience since we ran into so many familiar faces along the way. We also learned quite a bit as we did each show.
【Saki】Whoa! That's a ton of traveling...! You must be exhausted!
【Saki】And starving since you had to move around so much.
【Tsukasa】Yes, you're right... I had a few bites here and there along the way...
[Sound] se00011
【Saki】Haha. But you could use a real meal.
【Tsukasa】That'd be nice. Unfortunately, I'll just have to wait since we won't be having dinner for some time...
[Sound] se00011
【Tsukasa】Oh...
【Saki】You worked really hard today, Tsukasa, so you should have something to eat if you're that hungry!
【Saki】Mom! Tsukasa's hungry!
【Mother】Oh, the New Year's food won't be ready for a while... Would you like some mochi in the meantime?
【Tsukasa】Yes, that'd be great!
【Saki】Mom, I want some too!
【Mother】Sure, dear. How many would you both like?
【Tsukasa】How many? I'd like...
【Saki】Wait, stop! Tsukasa, lemme guess how many you want!
【Tsukasa】Hm? Then, I'll guess how many you'd like to have.
【Saki】Alright, on three♪ One, two...
【Tsukasa & Saki】One! Three!
【Saki】One! You got it! Nice guess, Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】Heh. We do still have dinner to think about.
【Tsukasa】You also guessed how many I wanted correctly. I suppose I should expect no less from my little sister.
【Saki】Heh heh heh. I also had a feeling that you didn't want to be too full.
【Mother】In that case, I have another question for you two. How would you like to have them?
【Tsukasa】Sweet soybean powder, right, Saki?
【Saki】Yup! And you want it with...
【Saki】Hmm...
【Tsukasa】Hehehe. Can you read my mind, Saki?
【Saki】Hmmm... Hm!
【Saki】I got it! Two wrapped in seaweed and one with sweet soybean powder!
【Tsukasa】Yes, that's correct! Well done, Saki!
【Saki】Heehee! I know everything there is to know about you, Tsukasa!
【Mother】Hehe. Then, would you like to try reading my mind?
【Tsukasa & Saki】Huh?
【Tsukasa & Saki】Hmm... Uhh...
【Tsukasa】I know! You need us to set the table!
【Saki】No! She needs us to get the seaweed and soybean powder ready!
【Mother】You're both correct. I know you're tired, but I'd really appreciate it if you did those things.
【Tsukasa & Saki】Okay!
【Tsukasa】Saki, I'll set up the table. You head to the kitchen!
【Saki】Roger dodger!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Rui】Nice work, everyone. This seems like a good place to take a break.
【Tsukasa】Hm? A break? Already? I can still keep going...
【Nene】I kinda need a break. We've been practicing for like three hours now.
【Tsukasa】What? Is that true?! In that case, we should rest for a bit.
【KAITO】Yes, and hydrate.
【Miku】Then, let's all take a break☆
【Emu】Yeah! Nene, here's some water!
【Nene】You don't sound like you need a break... But thanks.
【KAITO】Still, Tsukasa, you're so focused today.
【Emu】Yeah...! You got this look in your eye!
【Miku】I thought the same thing! Your eyes are all zingy! And you're going zoom-zoom-zoom when you move!
【Tsukasa】Zingy? Zoom-zoom-zoom?
【Rui】Hmm... I believe they're trying to say that you're moving like you mean it and that you look very serious while doing it.
【Emu】Yeah! That's it, Rui!
【Miku】Correctomundo♪
【Tsukasa】Again, how does he always know...?
【Nene】No idea...
【Nene】But I agree with them. You look like you're more motivated than usual, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Heh heh heh... Is it that obvious?
【Tsukasa】The truth is, after we finished doing our little tour, I've been wanting to grow more as an actor!
【Tsukasa】Our escapade allowed us to perform in all sorts of different places with a wide variety of people.
【Tsukasa】Remember how each show went a bit differently depending on who ended up helping us?
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a003803
[Background Change] bg_a002901
[Background Change] bg_d000501
【Emu】Yeah! When Honami and her friends sang for us at the beach, we changed our dance routine a little☆
【Rui】Yes. And MORE MORE JUMP! did an amazing job of interacting with the audience when we performed on top of that mountain.
【Tsukasa】Exactly! The same goes for when Shiraishi and her partner helped us, as well as Yoisaki!
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a005301
[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Background Change] bg_d000501
【Tsukasa】We gained and learned much because we performed alongside different people compared to normal in places we don't usually go.
【Tsukasa】I felt the same thing when we performed with Asahi and his troupe the other day. So, I believe new encounters can lead to new discoveries!
【Tsukasa】And there are plenty of people out there that we have yet to meet!
【Miku】So, that means...?
【KAITO】The more new people you meet, the more new things you stand to learn or gain, which may lead to further growth, yes?
【Tsukasa】Yes!
【Tsukasa】What do you all say?! How exciting would it be to make such discoveries?!
【Emu】Yeah! I'm getting excited just at the thought of that☆
【Miku】Me too! Me too!
【Nene】I understand how you feel, Tsukasa, but accomplishing that really won't be easy...
【Rui】Hehe. But it's something we'd expect you to say.
【KAITO】I agree. The power of positivity makes dreams come true.
【Tsukasa】Hahaha! That is exactly my point!
【Tsukasa】Let us take what we learned from the shows we just did and propel ourselves forward this year!
【Tsukasa】Bear witness as I, Tsukasa Tenma, future star... No, wait...
【Tsukasa】Bear witness as I, Tsukasa Tenma, future superstar, accomplish feats of true greatness!
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah hah!
【Emu & Miku】Yeah!
[Sound] se00180
【Rui】Hehe. Now that he's feeling better, I'll be looking forward to what the future has in store for us.
【Nene】Yeah, he seems like he's back to normal.
【KAITO】Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000603
[Caption] Tsukasa's Room
【Tsukasa】The workshop finally begins tomorrow...
【Tsukasa】I'll need to thank Emu and the others again for allowing me to attend.
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000201
【Rui】I agree with what you're saying, Tsukasa. This is a wonderful opportunity that you should take full advantage of. Please, don't mind us.
【Emu】Yeah, he's right! Especially since you're gonna be a star in the future!
【Emu】So, I'll be rooting for you! Go Tsukasa! We believe in you☆
[Background Change] bg_d000603
【Tsukasa】They even cheered for me. So, I'll need to learn as much as I can!
【Tsukasa】Oh, I should also contact Asahi since he's the one who told me about it.
[Sound] se00183
【Tsukasa】First, I have to thank him and...
[Sound] se00004
【Tsukasa】Ah, he responded. Let's see...
【Tsukasa】“The director has a rather unique personality, but you should be fine since you're used to working with Rui. Break a leg.”
【Tsukasa】Hm? A unique personality...?
【Tsukasa】This director's supposed to be very famous in the showbiz world, and I hear his name come up quite a lot. But I see...
【Tsukasa】Anyway, there's no reason for me to hesitate! Like Asahi says, I'm already used to working with an eccentric director!
【Tsukasa】I'll be ready for whatever or whoever is thrown at me!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] The day of the workshop
[Caption] Workshop Venue
[Sound] se00247
【Tsukasa】Ah, this must be it!
[Sound] se00034
【Tsukasa】(I was afraid that I'd arrived too early, but there's already quite a few people here.)
【Tsukasa】Wait, that person's from the Kinmokusei Theatre Company...!
【Tsukasa】(No, it's not just them... Everyone here seems to be an established TV, film or stage actor.)
【Tsukasa】(And I get to learn alongside them today...!)
【Tsukasa】(There was no way I would've found this workshop if Asahi hadn't told me about it.)
【Tsukasa】(I must make the most of this opportunity!)
【Actor A】Hey, who's the guy that just walked in...?
【Actor B】No idea. But he looks familiar...
【Tsukasa】(Those two are looking right at me! I should take this opportunity to greet them!)
[Sound] se00097
【Tsukasa】It's a pleasure to meet you! My name is Tsukasa Tenma! I perform for one of the stages at Phoenix Wonderland!
【Actor B】Phoenix Wonderland...?
【Actor B】Wait, I remember now...! You guys did a show with Genbu, right?! And came up with the night show everyone online was talking about!
【Actor A】Really?! I saw that on social media too. My jaw hit the floor when I actually went to see it.
【Tsukasa】Huh...?! Th-Thank you very much...!
【Actor B】Haha. Relax, we're all here to attend the same workshop, so you're surrounded by friends. Also, I'm guessing we're close to the same age.
【Actor A】Yeah. Who belongs where, seniority and all that don't really matter since we're not here to work.
【Actor B】What he said. So, Tenma, it's nice to meet you!
【Tsukasa】...!
【Tsukasa】(That's right... Them, me... We're all actors here to attend the same workshop.)
【Tsukasa】(We're not just here to learn more about acting. We're here to push each other to become better!)
【Tsukasa】Yes, thank you! I'm looking forward to working with you!
[Sound] se00247
[Sound] bgm00000
【???】Ah, is everyone already here...?
【Tsukasa】...!
【Director】Let's do a quick head count... Yes, everyone appears to be present, and eager to start learning.
【Director】So, we'll begin slightly ahead of schedule. I am the director who will be leading this workshop...
【Tsukasa】(I've seen him do interviews on TV and for newspapers before, but he seems like a kind and mild-mannered fellow...)
【Tsukasa】(I'm not sensing anything out of the ordinary like Asahi said...)
[Sound] bgm00018
【Director】We'll only be together for a short time, but I look forward to working with all of you.
【Tsukasa & the Actors】Thank you for having us!
【Director】Why don't you all start by introducing yourselves?
【Tsukasa】(Ah, self introductions! My forte! This is my chance to show everyone how...)
【Director】You will all take turns playing the same character and reciting the same lines from this script.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00034
【Tsukasa】Huh? The same character? A script?
【Director】Hehe. You are all actors after all. Please show us all who “you” are through this role.
【Director】We'll see how many of your names I remember by the end of all this...
[Sound] bgm00173
【Tsukasa】...!
【Tsukasa】(In other words, if we don't meet his expectations, he's not going to bother remembering who we are!)
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Background Change] bg_d000101
【Tsukasa】(N-Now I see... There is more to him than meets the eye.)
【Director】You all have a script now, yes? We'll begin once you've had a chance to ask questions.
【Tsukasa】(No, I have to stay focused...!)
[Sound] se00122
【Tsukasa】(This script... It's just one page...? The character's name is... Taro Sato, who works as a salesman and is introducing himself...)
【Tsukasa】(How are we supposed to distinguish ourselves with such a simple set of lines...?)
【Tsukasa】(This isn't going to be easy. However...)
【Tsukasa】(It's also very intriguing! I've never had to introduce myself in such a way before!)
【Tsukasa】(Alright, I'm going to do my absolute best to make sure he learns my name!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] Workshop Venue
【Director】We only have a few days left together, so I hope you all make the most of our remaining time by learning as much as possible.
【Tsukasa & the Actors】We will!
【Director】Now, let's put the sword-fighting exercises you did earlier into practice by using them in a scene.
【Tsukasa】“*Roar*”
[Sound] se00505
【Actor A】“Ah, you've some skill... I remember when you were just a pipsqueak.”
【Actor A】“Unfortunately... It's no use...!”
[Sound] se00505
【Tsukasa】“Urgh...! Grr...!”
【Actor A】“What happened? You seemed so confident a second ago.”
【Tsukasa】“...! I cannot lose... Not to the likes of you!”
[Sound] se00219
【Director】Mr. Pegasus... You misunderstand what your character is feeling.
【Director】Yes, it's natural for one to raise their voice during a scene such as this...
【Director】But “you” already know that victory will not be achievable at this rate. You must not forget that grief and despair linger in the back of your mind.
【Tsukasa】...! Yes, of course.
【Tsukasa】Please, allow me to try that again!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00097
【Tsukasa】Sorry to bother you during your break!
【Actor A】No problem, Pegasus. What's up?
【Tsukasa】So, um... Would you mind practicing with me for a bit? I'd like to work on what the director just said.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Actor B】Hey, that sounds fun! Lemme join too, Pegasus!
【Tsukasa】Ah, excellent! Thank you very much! But...
【Tsukasa】Do you all need to call me by that name...?
【Actor B】Huh? I think it's cute. Pegasus seems like a great nickname.
【Tsukasa】I don't feel happy about that at all!
【Tsukasa】How did this happen...? I didn't even do my usual “Tenma, written as 'soaring pegasus'” bit! Why am I being called “Pegasus” by everyone now?!
【Actor A】Don't ask me. Also, you have your own catchphrase? You're just a gift that keeps on giving, huh?
【Tsukasa】Hmmm...
【Tsukasa】Is this some sort of penalty for not being able to immediately produce results? Is that why I wasn't called by my actual name sooner...?
【Actor A】Yes, it did take a while for you to be called by your name, but I think he's taken a real liking to you now...
【Actor B】Yeah, I agree. I mean, he totally cracked up when you introduced yourself.
【Tsukasa】...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053
[Sound] bgm00170
【Director】Once more, you will all be introducing yourselves by playing the same role and reciting the same lines. Please present to me what you are capable of as actors.
【Director】Any questions...? Ah, you there.
【Tsukasa】Thank you! How many versions of “me” am I allowed to present?!
[Sound] se00034
【Actor A】Huh...?
【Actor B】Uh, Tenma...? You're not suddenly believing that you have superpowers or something, right...?
【Tsukasa】What are you talking about?!
【Director】Hehe. In other words, you'd like for me to see a few different renditions of “yourself”, yes?
【Tsukasa】Oh! Yes, that's what I meant!
【Actor A】How were we supposed to know?
【Actor B】Tenma, we just met, so I'm not sure if I should say this, but have people ever told you that you're pretty weird?
【Tsukasa】That's not...! Well, yes...
【Tsukasa】Unfortunately, the director of my troupe and I have been given the honor of being called the Weirdo Wombo Combo.
【Director】Hehehe... Hahaha!
【Director】Hehe. I'm starting to understand why Genbu told you about this workshop.
【Tsukasa】What...?
【Director】Now, about your introduction...
【Director】You are all actors, so I'm sure it wasn't easy deciding how you wish to portray yourselves.
【Director】However, since you were all so eager to get here, we were able to start early, so who don't you all do two renditions?“
【Actor B】Man, you definitely left an impression back there.
【Tsukasa】But my acting was a mess...
[Sound] se00053
【Director】Hmm... I'm struggling to get an insight into your character's background and self based on your portrayal.
【Director】It tells me nothing about who you are. Anyway, next...
【Tsukasa】(He's right. My acting felt thin that time. It had no depth to it.)
【Tsukasa】(When I perform as a member of Wonderlands×Showtime, I get to do shows based on well-written scripts...)
【Tsukasa】(Which is why I've had no trouble bringing the characters I play and their stories to life!)
【Tsukasa】(It took me quite some time to figure that out and find a solution, but I somehow managed in the end!)
【Tsukasa】(Because I was chosen to play the lead as Peter Pan!)
【Actor A】Look, Pegasus is making weird faces again.
【Actor B】Hey, Pegasus. Earth to Pegasus!
【Tsukasa】Huh?! Pardon me. I was deep in thought.
【Tsukasa】Anyway, let's start practicing our parts!
【Actors A & B】Yeah! Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001302
[Caption] Neighborhood
【Tsukasa】*Sigh*
【Tsukasa】(Another day, another failed attempt at grasping my character during practice...)
【Tsukasa】(But I'm beginning to understand how hard it is to get by on just water. So, I just need to keep doing what I can to understand Rio better.)
[Sound] se00104_b
【Tsukasa】Oh, I'm already home. Time flies when you mull things over, I suppose.
【Tsukasa】(I can't let Saki see the downcast expression that's on my face right now...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d001202
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
[Sound] se00043_b
【Tsukasa】I'm back!
【Tsukasa】(...! This smell...)
【Saki】Welcome home, Tsukasa♪ Guess what? We're having curry for dinner tonight!
【Tsukasa】(I knew it...! But...)
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah! Did you forget that I'd be eating out today...?
【Saki】Oh, that's right. You said you guys would all go out for food after practice.
【Saki】So, how was practice? Do you think you're gonna get to play the boy for “The Happy Phoenix”?
【Tsukasa】(Oh... I shouldn't deceive her too much...)
【Tsukasa】I-I'm still not sure...!
【Tsukasa】Because I'm competing against all these great actors from the park's number one stage! And on top of that, it's a fairly tricky role!
【Saki】Haha. You say that, but your face is telling me that you feel pretty good about this.
【Tsukasa】R-Really? Hah hah hah hah hah!
【Tsukasa】(No! I revealed too much of the truth...!)
【Saki】Hehe. I believe in you, Tsukasa! I'm sure you'll do just fine♪
【Tsukasa】Thank you, Saki! I appreciate it!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Sound] bgm00170
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A
[Sound] se00011_b
【Tsukasa】(My stomach won't stop grumbling...)
【Tsukasa】(But Rio also experienced this pain. I can't let myself forget that...)
[Sound] se00046_b
【Toya】Excuse me... Is Tsukasa here right now?
【Tsukasa】Hm? Ah, Toya. I'm right here.
[Sound] se00097_b
【Toya】...
【Tsukasa】Hm? Toya...?
【Toya】Oh, it's nothing that important...
【Toya】But the actor you told me about will be performing on stage soon, yes?
【Tsukasa】Are you talking about Mr. Amami's show...?
【Tsukasa】As much as I want to go see him, I need to keep practicing for my audition...
【Toya】...
【Tsukasa】Toya...? You've been staring at my face this entire time...
【Toya】No, it's just... I'm sorry...
【Tsukasa】Toya... Is there something else that you'd like to talk about?
【Tsukasa】We've known each other for how long? Please, don't hesitate.
【Toya】Then...
【Toya】The thing is, just yesterday, I messaged Saki to see if she would take one of my claw machine prize plushies...
【Toya】That was when she mentioned you were acting a bit different.
【Tsukasa】...
【Tsukasa】I see. That's why you're here right now. To make sure I'm doing okay...
【Toya】Yes, I'm sorry... I know I'm being very nosy, but...
【Tsukasa】No, it's okay.
【Tsukasa】(All this lying and deception is definitely starting to confuse everyone, including myself...)
【Tsukasa】I apologize, Toya. I've actually been practicing for a role in this very big show.
【Tsukasa】But I'm struggling to get a grasp of my character. Saki may've felt something was off because I had so much on my mind when I discussed this with her.
【Toya】Right, she also mentioned that you've been practicing for a big show.
【Tsukasa】I'll be sure to tell her that there's no need to worry. And thank you for showing so much concern.
【Toya】No, I understand. It sounds like a tough role, but you also put on an incredible performance as Thorpe that other time.
【Toya】So, I'm sure you'll do just fine.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】...!
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_d001202
【Saki】Hehe. I believe in you, Tsukasa! I'm sure you'll do just fine♪
[Background Change] bg_a000301
【Tsukasa】Yes! I promise to do my best and not disappoint any of you!
[Sound] bgm00024
【Toya】Of course. Now, if you'll excuse me.
[Sound] se00047
【Tsukasa】Right, I should send Saki a message.
【Tsukasa】(They believe in me...)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a003401
[Background Change] bg_a000301
【Tsukasa】(They're all giving me their support.)
【Tsukasa】(I still have a few days left until the audition. They've placed their faith in me, so I need to figure out how to play Rio!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Diner
【Tsukasa】Do you all have your drinks, everyone?!
【Emu】Yeah♪
【Tsukasa】Then I'll do the honors, but before that...
【Tsukasa】Allow me to say just how much I appreciate all of you.
【Nene】What?
【Tsukasa】This audition... It was a tough ordeal, to say the least...
【Tsukasa】I felt so lost and stumbled multiple times along the way. I wasn't sure the current me would be up to the challenge, and I nearly gave up at certain points...
【Rui】Tsukasa...
【Tsukasa】And yet, you were all willing to believe in me.
【Tsukasa】You all supported me when I decided to survive on nothing but water for three days and nights. I couldn't have done that by myself.
【Nene】Okay, we get how you feel. So, let's...
【Tsukasa】I greatly appreciate what you all did for me! No, I can't thank you enough!
【Tsukasa】Especially since the star I admire, Mr. Amami, also played Rio...
【Nene】Hold up, Tsukasa! We've had our arms up this whole time, and mine's starting to get really tired...
【Rui】Hehe. We know that there's quite a lot that you wish to talk about. But for now, why don't you get our party started for us?
【Tsukasa】Hm? Yes, I suppose. Then...
【Tsukasa】Here's to me being selected to play Rio...!
【Tsukasa, Emu, Rui & Nene】Cheers! Cheers☆
[Sound] se00163_b
[Sound] se00240_b
【Tsukasa】Ahh...! I feel a wonderful fizz filling up my stomach!
【Emu】Oh, that reminds me! Tsukasa, are you back to eating normally?
【Tsukasa】Yes, since I wanted to go into today's audition with a full stomach. So, this morning...
[Sound] se00011_b
【Tsukasa】Hm...?
【Emu】Whoa! Your tummy just gave a huge growl!
【Rui】You have every right to feel hungry after putting on such a magnificent performance.
【Nene】You just asked for a drink so you could lead the cheer, but wouldn't it have been better to order some food too...?
【Tsukasa】You may be right, but... That's odd. Until just now, I didn't really feel hungry at all.
【Rui】It's understandable that these things would slip your mind considering how focused you were on preparing for the audition.
【Rui】But you're finally able to relax now that it's over.
【Tsukasa】Yes, that may be it...
【Tsukasa】But my battle is just beginning!
【Tsukasa】I need to keep practicing so that our show becomes an unforgettable one—
[Sound] se00011_b
【Tsukasa】Grr. Silence, stomach! Can't you see that I was on a roll?!
【Nene】For now, let's get some food.
【Emu】Yeah♪ Tsukasa, you gotta eat lots and lots today!
【Emu】Excuse me! Can we have one of everything on this page?!
【Tsukasa】Wait, slow down! Yes, I'm hungry, but I can't eat all that!
【Rui】Yeah, Emu. That's the page for Salisbury steaks. We should choose some stuff from the other pages.
【Tsukasa】That's not what I meant!
【Nene】Hehe. For now, why don't we each order something for ourselves?
【Emu】What? Don't you guys want to share some fries? Oh, fried chicken too!
【Tsukasa】Ah, the page for sides. Yes, let's order some.
【Nene】That's all fried and greasy... Can't we get something a little healthier?
【Rui】Unfortunately, this place doesn't seem to serve anything of that sort.
【Tsukasa】Hey, quit covering up the salads!
【Nene】Hmm... Pasta sounds good, but so does a Salisbury steak...
【Emu】Nene! Nene! Let's get both and split them☆
【Nene】Oh, good idea. Let's do that.
【Tsukasa】I know what I'm getting! Steak and curry!
【Emu】To split with Rui?
【Tsukasa】No, for myself.
【Rui】Hehe. You must be famished. Anyway, I'm also ready to order.
【Tsukasa】Then...
【Tsukasa】Excuse me! We're ready to order!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d001202
[Caption] One week before Tsukasa's birthday
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
【Saki】Tsukasa! The bath's ready. Do you want to get in fi—
【Tsukasa】Saki!!!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00477_b
[Sound] se00420_b
【Saki】Ahaha, you really want to go first that badly? Okay then, just let me know when you're out♪
【Tsukasa】Will do... No, wait. That's not why I'm here!
【Tsukasa】This is for you, Saki!
[Sound] se00055_b
【Saki】Aw, the envelope is decorated with a bunch of bunnies!
[Sound] bgm00020
【Saki】Let's see... “To my dearest beloved sister, Saki Tenma”... “You are invited to attend the Tsukasa Tenma Birthday Festival”?!
【Saki】Huh? You're not hosting your own birthday party, are you?!
【Tsukasa】I am indeed! But it is more than just a mere birthday celebration...
【Tsukasa】This party will be dedicated to those who have continued to support me!
【Saki】Ooh! But, why this all of a sudden?
【Tsukasa】Not long ago, I was researching shows when I happened upon an article about an actor's birthday event.
【Tsukasa】The actor said, “Birthdays shouldn't serve to celebrate the day you were born, but rather to thank others for the life you have led,” and I couldn't agree more.
【Saki】I see! And so you decided to do the same!
【Tsukasa】Exactly! I've fine-tuned the festival program to ensure that all guests have the experience of a lifetime!
【Saki】Wow! I can't wait to see what you've got in store for us!
【Saki】Oh, so does that mean you've finished preparing for it?
【Tsukasa】No, I've got my hands full right now trying to make all the invites as soon as possible.
【Tsukasa】My birthday is only a week away. I have to hand these out before everyone's schedules fill up.
【Saki】In that case, I'll help you make them!
【Tsukasa】What? I must say, I'm grateful for the offer, but you do realize that you're one of my special guests, right?
【Saki】Pretty pleeease? Making them looks fun, and at this rate, I'll be the only one there to enjoy your amazing party that you worked so hard to put together!
【Tsukasa】Hmm...
【Saki】Come ooon...
【Tsukasa】Fine, okay. I'll give in and accept your gracious offer!
【Saki】Yay!
【Saki】So, who else are you making the invites for? Is there anything else I can help with? Tell me, tell me!
【Tsukasa】Now, now, calm down, Saki. Let's start with the guest list...
【Mother's Voice】Saki, have you and Tsukasa decided who's going to take a bath first?
【Saki】Oh...
【Tsukasa】That's right, we almost forgot about that.
【Tsukasa】Alright, let's pick up where we left off once we're both done. We're going to put on the best party ever, Saki!
【Saki】Yeah! Let's go, go, go!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001301
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] Tsukasa's birthday
【Emu】Boy, I'm really looking forward to Tsukasa's birthday party♪
【Nene】Yeah, although I didn't expect him to suddenly thrust an invitation into my hands...and such a cute one at that.
【Rui】From what I heard, Saki also had a hand in the preparations, too.
【Rui】If I recall, Tsukasa's house is just around this corner... Ah, there it is.
【Nene】Yeah... Wait, do you guys see that sign in front of the house?
【Emu】I see it! It says... “This way to the Tsukasa Tenma Birthday Festival”♪
【Rui】Hehe, a sign that colorful stands right out. We definitely know that we're in the right place.
【Nene】Did he have to make it that flamboyant?
【Emu】Hehehe☆ I'm already super hyped, so let's hurry up and go inside!
[Sound] se00171_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d001201
[Sound] bgm00190
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
【Saki】Emu, Nene, Rui! Welcome to the Tsukasa Tenma Birthday Festival!
【Saki】Please wait here for a moment♪
[Sound] se00253_b
【Emu】Okay♪
【Saki's Voice】Tsukasa! Everyone's here already!
【Honami】Oh, I expected you would all be invited too.
【Rui】Yes, we received Saki and Tsukasa's handmade invitations.
【Ichika】They had quite the design...
【Shiho】At first, I didn't know that Saki had helped, and I was surprised that Tsukasa had decorated them like that.
【Saki】So, you're saying that you were amazed Tsukasa decorated them so beautifully?
【Shiho】No, of course not...
【Honami】We were so surprised because it was so unexpected.
【Rui】By the way, I don't see Aoyagi. Has he still not arrived?
【Saki】About that... Toya tried to keep today free for this, but...
【Saki】He said that the date of an event he was signed up for got moved forward to today.
【Nene】I see... That's a shame. He sounded like he was really looking forward to it when I spoke to him in class.
【Saki】Oh, but he stopped by this morning! He even gave Tsukasa a gift from the rest of his team!
【Saki】Plus, I promised to take a good video of Tsukasa shining at the party so he can watch it later♪
【Emu】Hurray! That's bound to put a smile on Toya's face.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shiho】Huh? The lights went out...
【Rui】It seems that the festival is about to begin.
【Tsukasa's Voice】Everyone! Thank you for coming!
【Nene】Huh? Where's his voice coming from?
【Ichika】Look, at the top of the stairs!
[Sound] se00230_b
[Sound] se00230_b
[Sound] se00168_b
[Sound] se00537
【Tsukasa】Ladies and gentlemen! The Tsukasa Tenma Birthday Festival is about to commence!
【Tsukasa】This event is dedicated to all of you, who have shown me nothing but love and support!
【Tsukasa】There will even be a special show, so please enjoy every moment until the very end!
【Emu】Yay! We get to see a special show!
【Saki】Even I don't know what the show's about. I can't wait to find out♪
【Tsukasa】And with that, let the Tsukasa Tenma Birthday Festival begin!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d001201
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
【Tsukasa】And now, put your hands together for my special show, “The Great Journey of Tsukasa Tenma”!
【Emu】Woohoo!
【Saki】Go Tsukasa!
[Sound] se00022_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00168_b
【Tsukasa】Years ago on May 17th, a newborn cried for the first time.
【Tsukasa】“Waaah! Waaah!”
【Tsukasa】“Oh, what a powerful and majestic cry! There's no doubt our child has a grand future ahead of him!”
[Sound] bgm00200
【Tsukasa】“You're right. He needs a name that screams 'ruler of the world'. Let's call him “Tsukasa”!”
【Tsukasa】And thus begins the legacy of an aspiring star!
【Nene】“Legacy”? But he's still alive...
【Rui】In any case, I'm surprised to learn that his catchphrase is based on the actual origin of his name.
【Saki】(Huh? But Mom said that she didn't think about that meaning of his name at the time... Oh well.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00195
【Tsukasa】“Wow! Seeing the lead actor singing and dancing is enough to make everyone smile!”
【Tsukasa】“Someday...someday, I too...will become a star like him!”
【Tsukasa】“A star who can make everyone smile, especially my little sister.”
【Honami】Saki told me about that. What a wonderful source of motivation.
【Shiho】Yeah.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】And now, we arrive at Tsukasa Tenma's audition at Phoenix Wonderland! At this time, Tsukasa's younger sister Saki resumed her schooling!
【Tsukasa】Despite his concerns for her wellbeing, she was up on her feet in no time, forming a band with old friends and bubbling with lust for her new life!
【Tsukasa】“It's all thanks to Saki's vigor and her friends who are there to support her.”
[Sound] bgm00207
【Tsukasa】“Even now, seeing her smiling with her friends fills me with warmth.”
【Saki】Huh?
【Tsukasa】“I could wish for nothing more than to see their everlasting joy.”
【Saki】Tsukasa...
【Tsukasa】And so, as he continued to chase his dreams, Tsukasa Tenma made some fantastic friends.
【Tsukasa】In spite of his own arrogance, misunderstandings and difficulties they faced, they turned out to be irreplaceable parts of his life.
【Tsukasa】“The path to stardom is long and seems endless, with nothing but dead end after dead end.”
【Tsukasa】“But each time I've found myself at breaking point, they've always been there for me, their hands outstretched and their belief in me unwavering.”
【Tsukasa】“I need to prove them right in that belief. Therefore, I vow to become a star so bright that I'm known in every corner of the galaxy!”
【Tsukasa】Thus, a fire ignited within Tsukasa Tenma. He leaped forward, ready to embrace his unknown future. The end!
[Sound] se00022_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saki】Tsukasa, that was amazing! I got a bit teary-eyed at one point!
【Emu】Me too! Let's keep making fun shows together!
【Tsukasa】Yes, of course!
【Tsukasa】Now then, it's time to indulge ourselves in a hearty meal! I'd also like to hear your thoughts on the show!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00190
【Emu】Om nom... Mmmh! This gratin is stuffed with lots of meat and macaroni! It's so tasty!
【Shiho】This perilla pasta is also really good, although the perilla leaves aren't cut properly...
【Saki】Oh no, really? I was so careful when I was slicing them...
【Honami】So, you even helped cook the food too, Saki?
【Saki】Well actually, me and Tsukasa made it together, with our mom there to show us how.
【Nene】Wait, you and Tsukasa together?
【Tsukasa】Yes! I could think of no better way to welcome my guests! We're confident that every dish will be to your liking!
【Tsukasa】What's more, we even made a cake for dessert from scratch!
【Ichika】You did? That's impressive!
【Nene】It is, but isn't it a bit strange to make your own birthday cake?
【Rui】Hehe. That's Tsukasa for you.
【Tsukasa】Saki, thank you for all your help.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】This event wouldn't have gone as smoothly as it did if it wasn't for your help making the food and invites, so thank you.
【Saki】Hehehe, glad I could be of help!
【Saki】After all, you're the one always helping me, so I just wanted you to have a fun birthday.
【Saki】Once again...
【Saki】Happy birthday, Tsukasa!
[Sound] bgm00159
【Tsukasa】S-Saki...!
【Tsukasa】Gaaah! I must be... THE HAPPIEST OLDER BROTHER IN THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000193
[Sound] bgm00097
【Toya】Happy birthday, Tsukasa.
【Kohane, An & Akito】Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
【Toya】I'm sorry for stopping by so early in the morning. Saki sent me a video of your Birthday Festival performance, and I watched it with Akito and the others.
【An】When Toya mentioned it was a show about your life, I couldn't really picture how it would pan out, but I was really impressed by your delivery!
【Kohane】Yeah! It sounded like the biography of a great historical figure!
【Akito】I wouldn't go that far... But, we learned a lot about why you turned out the way you are.
【Toya】Tsukasa, I intend to share my thoughts on the show in greater detail when we are at school. I hope you had a delightful birthday.
【Mizuki】Happy birthday Tsukasa♪ Ah... I could've gone to your party if it wasn't for work...
【Mizuki】Oh, but Toya mentioned he'll show me a video of the show you performed, so I'll let you know how I found it later♪
【Shizuku】I hope you had a lovely birthday, Tsukasa. Shii sounded all excited telling me about your wonderful party. She mentioned the delicious food and the show, too!
【Shiho】Hey... That's because you kept pestering me to tell you more.
【Honami】Hehe, it really was fun though, wasn't it? It was a great show, and we had delicious food to boot!
【Ichika】Yeah. It reminded me of the good old days. Saki, Tsukasa and everyone would gather 'round the table to eat together...
【Saki】I know, right! Hehehe, I'm glad I got to help out! Here's to another year, Tsukasa♪
【Rui】Although it was your birthday, we were the ones made to feel celebrated.
【Nene】I have to say, you delivered quite the show despite your busy rehearsal schedule. It made me wonder just how you managed to fit this in.
【Emu】Yeah, although really, that show is still going on☆
【Rui】That's right. Perhaps, when Tsukasa attains stardom someday, it will mean the show has ended.
【Rui】If possible, I want to see that moment with my own eyes.
【Nene】Me too, and I won't fall behind him either.
【Emu】Oooh! Nene's all fired up! In that case, I'll give it my all, too♪
【Rui】Hehe, for now, we have plenty of shows on our plate. Here's to another year, Mr. Troupe Leader.
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【Tsukasa】Thank you everyone for celebrating my birthday today!
【Tsukasa】Your messages of support resonate within me.
【Tsukasa】I promise to continue to race down the path to stardom!
【Tsukasa】I hope you continue to look out for me. Thank you all for a magnificent day!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001302
[Caption] Neighborhood
【Tsukasa】Hmm...
【Tsukasa】I wasn't able to give Nene any good advice...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_d001102
【Nene】♪————...
【Nene】...is about all I got. Did I sound weird or off in any way...?
[Background Change] bg_a001302
【Tsukasa】I wish I could do something for her since she helped me with becoming Rio...
【Tsukasa】(Nene's always had confidence in her singing, so I doubt she foresaw any of this happening...)
【Tsukasa】(It seemed like quite a shock to her... But she may be moving in the right direction since she went over to speak to the director about what he told her.)
【Tsukasa】(Which means all we can do is believe in what she does...)
【Tsukasa】(Knowing that you have friends supporting you can make a huge difference. It definitely did when I was learning to play Thorpe and Rio.)
【Tsukasa】(But this is different from learning to play a character. She has to break some old habits, which isn't going to be easy...)
【Tsukasa】(I hope she figures out what she needs to do...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d001102
[Sound] bgm00170
[Caption] A few days later
[Caption] Phoenix Stage
【Nene】Good morning!
【Cast Members】Morning, Kusanagi! Let's do our best again today!
【Tsukasa】(Nene's just putting on a face... Saki does the same thing whenever she tells me that “everything's fine” when it really isn't...)
【Tsukasa】(She even has bags under her eyes...)
【Tsukasa】(I have a feeling that she's still stuck... Hmm... If only there were some way we could help her...)
[Sound] se00533
[Sound] se00533
【Sakurako】Tenma, would you mind if we had a quick chat about the scene we'll be working on today?
【Tsukasa】Sakurako Seiryuin!
【Tsukasa】...! Of course! You might know what to do!
【Sakurako】Huh?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00180
【Sakurako】I see. I didn't realize you were all so worried about Kusanagi.
【Tsukasa】We are. We couldn't even figure out what these habits of hers are when we discussed it as a troupe.
【Tsukasa】She's unaware of any such habits, which means the onus was on us to know what they are...
【Sakurako】I understand what you're trying to say, but you may not have the experience necessary to spot these habits of hers...
【Tsukasa】What...?! Does that mean you know what she needs to fix, Seiryuin?!
【Sakurako】...
【Sakurako】Yes, I think so...
【Tsukasa】Excellent! Then, would you mind talking to Nene for us?!
【Sakurako】That I won't do.
【Tsukasa】Wha—?! Why...?!
【Sakurako】You really have to ask? It's the other way around. She has to come and ask me.
【Tsukasa】...!
【Sakurako】I prefer not to toot my own horn... But when it comes to singing, I'm more knowledgeable and technically skilled than Kusanagi. She's well aware of this fact.
【Sakurako】However, she's currently trying to solve this problem under her own power.
【Tsukasa】True...
【Tsukasa】I'm sorry... I didn't mean to demean you or Nene in any way. Please forget what I just said.
【Sakurako】I shall.
【Sakurako】But keep in mind that I am simply keeping my distance for now.
【Sakurako】When the time comes, whether or not she wishes to hear it, I am going to tell her to hard truth.
【Tsukasa】Right. We don't have much time left until our show opens, so we can't wait for her to find an answer on her own...
【Tsukasa】I need to thank you for believing in Nene and giving her time to figure this out.
【Sakurako】Believe in her? I simply wish to focus on practicing my own role.
【Sakurako】Also, where does this all leave you...?
【Sakurako】Yes, you're doing a wonderful job of expressing your emotions... But you still have quite a few things to work on, including your character's more nuanced mannerisms, the timing for your lines and such, no...?
【Tsukasa】Oof...
【Sakurako】Yet your mind is preoccupied with the business of others. Do you not see a problem with that?
【Tsukasa】You're absolutely right, Sakurako Seiryuin. I have no rebuttal...
【Tsukasa】(As much as I want to help Nene, I need to keep working on my own character...!)
【Tsukasa】Sakurako Seiryuin! Let's discuss that scene we'll be doing today!
【Sakurako】That's what I like to hear. First, about the opening portion...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] Phoenix Stage - Green Room
[Sound] se00034_b
【Sakurako】Does everyone have a drink ready?
【Emu】I'm ready!
【Cast Members】Ready whenever!
【Tsukasa】Then, here's to a successful 30th Anniversary Show!
【Tsukasa & Sakurako】Cheers!
【Everyone】Cheers!
[Sound] se00163_b
[Sound] se00034_b
【Cast Members】Kamishiro, Otori, you guys did such an amazing job! But I guess this is it for Team Birdie...
【Cast Members】Haha! Team Birdie?! That's the first time I'm hearing this name.
【Rui】Each of our practices was a great learning experience. It was an honor to be able to perform on stage with all of you.
【Cast Members】Likewise! So, let's make the most of this after-party and really have a blast!
【Emu】Yeah! I wanna chat lots and lots with you guys!
[Sound] se00097_b
【Nishie】Nice job out there, Kusanagi.
【Nene】Oh, Nishie...! Um, you too.
【Nishie】I really loved your Cowardly Canary! You just kept getting better and better as time went on too. It gave me a huge boost of motivation.
【Nene】N-No, um...! You did a really amazing job as the witch, Nishie.
【Nene】So, if you don't mind... Can you tell me how you practice for shows?
【Nishie】Of course! I was actually about to ask you the same thing!
【Tsukasa】Everyone seems to be enjoying themselves.
【Sakurako】Yes.
【Sakurako】We've succeeded as a team countless times before, but this feeling never gets old.
【Sakurako】Anyway, there are some people I'd like to talk to. You should do the same and enjoy yourself.
【Tsukasa】I will.
[Sound] se00533
[Sound] se00533
【Tsukasa】(Now, I can talk to Rui and the others whenever, so I should start by congratulating everyone from the Phoenix Stage...)
【???】Tenma!
【Tsukasa】Hm?
[Sound] se00172_b
【Cast Members】You did such an amazing job as Rio! It stung pretty bad when I didn't get the part, but we were all totally blown away by your performance!
【Cast Members】Yeah, I felt really conflicted the entire time. A part of me was sad that I didn't get the part, while another part of me was really glad that you were chosen for it.
【Cast Members】But we're not letting you hog all the glory next time!
【Tsukasa】Ah, challenge accepted!
【Cast Members】Still, Tenma, you're growing at such an astonishing pace. How did you practice playing your character?
【Tsukasa】I tried putting myself in Rio's shoes by simulating what his situation was like in real life.
【Tsukasa】For example, well...
【Tsukasa】Rio ran around for three days and nights on nothing but water. I wanted to know what that was like, so I ended up skipping several meals...
【Cast Members】I see. That explains why you were able to put on such a believable performance...
【Cast Members】We'll come up with those kinds of ideas from time to time, but to actually go through with them... I guess that's what sets you apart from the rest of us.
【Tsukasa】Actually, I struggled to come up with any other ideas regarding this role...
【Tsukasa】(I probably shouldn't tell them that I actually didn't eat for three days straight.)
【Tsukasa】What else was there...? Oh, Rio chased the phoenix around, so I practiced by chasing after Robo-Phoenix.
【Cast Members】Robo-Phoenix?
【Rui】That's the robot I made.
【Tsukasa】Wah?! R-Rui...? How long have you been there...?
【Rui】I heard you talking when I was pouring myself a drink.
【Rui】Anyway, would you all like to see it?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00190
【Tsukasa】Yes, we have this corner to ourselves, so we shouldn't be too much of a bother.
【Rui】Alright, allow me to introduce... Robo-Phoenix!
【Cast Members】Whoa! It's way bigger than I thought!
【Cast Members】I heard that you can make your own robots and drones, Kamishiro, but this is so awesome!
【Cast Members】So, how did you practice with this thing exactly? You can give us a taste since we have this corner to ourselves, right?
【Rui】Yes, of course. Robo-Phoenix, activate!
[Sound] se00181_b
[Sound] se00147_b
【Cast Members】Hey, it's flying...!
【Tsukasa】Now, I had to catch her by doing something like...
【Tsukasa】This...!
【Cast Members】Hey, she dodged you! I didn't realize she could move so fast!
【Tsukasa】Grr... This is likely going to be our final game of cat and mouse, so I will catch you!
【Rui】By the way, Tsukasa, I programmed her to become more elusive each time I thought you were getting too close.
【Tsukasa】What?! You never said anything about that!
【Rui】Ah, that was deliberate.
【Rui】Anyway, she was set to super grandmaster mode the last time you did this.
【Tsukasa】That name makes it sound impossible to catch her!
【Tsukasa】But enough talk... Now's my chance!
【Cast Members】Close! That was a nice fake!
【Cast Members】You can do it, Tenma!
【Emu】Oh, Nene, look! Tsukasa's chasing after Robo-Phoenix!
【Nene】You've gotta be kidding me...
【Tsukasa】There! No! Got you...!
【Cast Members】Oh, now! No, a little to the right! Actually, let's try catching her together!
【Cast Members】Okay! I'll go this way! Tenma, you attack her straight on!
【Tsukasa】...! Got it!
【Tsukasa】*Roar*
【Emu】Oh no! Robo-Phoenix is trapped and doesn't know what to do!
【Tsukasa】Yes! I have you noooow!!!
[Sound] se00121_b
[Sound] se00340_b
【Cast Members】Yeah! Nice one, Tenma!
【Tsukasa】No, it was a team effort!
【Nishie】Hehe. Your troupe leader's so full of energy!
【Nene】Full of energy? More like full of hot air...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】(We've had a chance to really get to know the cast of the Phoenix Stage...)
【Tsukasa】(We've become used to practicing and performing at the Phoenix Stage as well. But that ends today.)
【Tsukasa】Everyone...
【Tsukasa】I really appreciate you all agreeing to do a joint performance with us! Thank you very much!
[Sound] bgm00039
【Tsukasa】It was an incredible experience and we learned so much. I... We even grew quite a bit as actors...
【Tsukasa】We look forward to working with you again in the future! I hope you'll have us back sometime!
【Emu, Nene & Rui】Thank you very much☆ Thank you very much.
【Sakurako】I'll be looking forward to performing with you all again and seeing how you've grown.
【Tsukasa】Likewise!
【Tsukasa】(The road to stardom is a long one.)
【Tsukasa】(But I'll make it as long as I don't give up.)
【Tsukasa】(I'll keep moving forward, even if it means just taking baby steps! I will become a true star someday...!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a005901
[Caption] School trip - Day one
[Caption] Kyoto
【Tsukasa】Okay, the traditional crafts workshop should be around here somewhere...
【Fujiwara】This map says there should be a big sign just up ahead. Want me to run ahead to look?
【Yamaguchi】No, stop! We don't want to cause the locals any trouble! This city's a place of taste and elegance. Some kid from who knows where running around is the opposite of those things.
【Yamaguchi】Also, there should be others who chose this workshop. If worst comes to worst and we get lost, we can just try getting ahold of one of them...
【Tsukasa】I agree with you about the running bit... But you really never plan ahead, do you?
【Tanaka】I know, right? You're the same during matches. That's why the coach and the captain are always giving you an earful.
【Yamaguchi】Wh-What does club have to do with this?! Guys, we're on our school trip! Let's talk about our teacups! Have you guys already decided how you're gonna make yours?
【Tsukasa】Yes, I have! I even sketched a design for mine!
[Sound] se00055_b
【Yamaguchi】A design?
【Tsukasa】Yes, here...! It's going to look like a star when seen from above!
【Fujiwara, Tanaka & Yamaguchi】...
【Tsukasa】Why the silence? Has my brilliant design left you all speechless?
【Yamaguchi】Really? We're speechless for the opposite reason.
【Fujiwara】Tenma, try reading the description of this activity for us again...
【Tsukasa】Hm? “This activity involves throwing your own teacup using a wheel.” So...
【Fujiwara】Yeah, a wheel.
【Tanaka】How are you gonna turn something that's spinning into a star?
【Tsukasa】Hah! I will not be foiled so easily! See? “Our ceramicist will guide you to creating your desired shape.”
【Yamaguchi】I think a star is taking that too far...
【Fujiwara】I feel bad for the ceramicist...
【Tanaka】Let's just make some normal-looking ones.
【Fujiwara & Yamaguchi】Yeah...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Fujiwara's Voice】Hey, check it out. Mine turned out pretty well.
[Sound] bgm00006
【Tanaka's Voice】Yeah, it looks really good! Mine's sorta starting to look like a flower vase...
【Yamaguchi's Voice】I think that makes it unique. I mean, it definitely looks more like a teacup than what Tenma has.
【Tsukasa's Voice】I heard that...! Don't take jabs at me while I'm trying to focus... Huh?!
【Tsukasa's Voice】Noooooo! My teacup! I finally made a neat point, and now I have to start over again!
【Tsukasa's Voice】I must've spun it too fast this time. I should slow it down a bit and be more careful...
【Tanaka's Voice】Honestly, Tenma, you probably shouldn't be using a wheel at all...
【Tsukasa's Voice】But that would defeat the purpose of this activity! I refuse to surrender!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Ceramicist】We'll take the teacups you all made and prepare them to be fired in our kiln. I hope you're all looking forward to seeing how they turn out.
[Sound] bgm00018
【Tsukasa】Yes, thank you for having us today!
【Fujiwara, Tanaka & Yamaguchi】Thank you!
[Sound] se00173_b
【Tsukasa】This really was a wonderful experience. They said it's going to take two weeks until they're finished, yes?
【Fujiwara】Yeah, because they have to wait for them to dry before they can be fired. After that, they have to mail them out.
【Tsukasa】Then, I'll eagerly be awaiting the arrival of the world's one-and-only teacup made by yours truly to see how it turned out!
【Yamaguchi】None of us were expecting you to actually make a star-shaped teacup. The look on that ceramicist's face when you showed them your sketch...
【Tanaka】I mean, how are you actually gonna drink out of that?
【Tsukasa】What?! I have five whole points all to myself!
【Fujiwara】The nice thing about a round teacup is that you have 360 whole degrees available to you.
【Yamaguchi】Haha! You know logic doesn't work on Tenma!
【Tsukasa】Oh? You make fun of someone else's work, but what about your own teacups? Did they turn out the way you wanted? Some of you finished very early...
【Fujiwara】Because it wasn't actually that hard to do it normally.
【Tanaka】Anyway, due to someone taking more time than expected to make his teacup, we don't have much time before we need to meet back up with everyone else.
【Tsukasa】Hm? Is it already time to head back to the inn?
【Fujiwara】No, we still have time for lunch. Plus, the workshop was within earshot of the inn.
【Tsukasa】True. Then, let's grab some lunch and go for a walk around this area as scheduled.
【Yamaguchi】Yeah! Oh, we should see what snacks are available along the way!
【Tsukasa】For souvenirs?
【Yamaguchi】No, for after we head back to the inn.
【Tsukasa】Ah, I see. But try not to eat too much. You wouldn't want to spoil your appetite before dinner.
【Yamaguchi】Relax, Mom, I won't!
【Tsukasa, Fujiwara, Tanaka & Yamaguchi】Hahaha. Haha!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a006003
[Caption] Inn
【Rui】Alright, Tsukasa, I believe it's about time you went to buy us those drinks.
【Taniyama】Yeah, and they have to be from a vending machine outside of this inn.
【Miyake】But it's past curfew. Won't we get in trouble if the teachers find out?
【Hayashi】He lost fair and square. Also, these two are used to getting scolded.
【Tsukasa】Argh! As frustrating as this is, you unfortunately speak the truth...
【Rui】That means you're not afraid of anything, yes?
【Tsukasa】How did you arrive at that?! Also, you're enjoying this far too much!
【Rui】Hehe. Am I?
【Miyake】Anyway, Tenma, Kamishiro... Try not to run into the teachers on lookout, okay?
【Tsukasa】Yes, we'll be careful. You all need to be sure you're not caught staying up.
【Rui】They may come in to see if all the students are actually asleep.
【Taniyama】Yikes, that'd be a pain to deal with.
【Hayashi】I guess we should get our beds ready so we can pretend like we're sleeping.
【Miyake】Yeah, that totally slipped my mind while playing cards.
【Tsukasa】I'll message everyone in my room to do the same.
【Rui】Oh, right. You did stuff with your own group today, right, Tenma? What are they like?
【Tsukasa】You mean Tanaka, Yamaguchi and Fujiwara? I'm sure you've met or seen them before.
【Rui】Yes, you always seem to be talking to them whenever I go visit your classroom...
【Miyake】Wait, you're friends with them?!
【Tsukasa】Hm? Based on your tone, I assume you are as well?
【Miyake】N-No way! I mean, Tanaka and I were in the same class last year...
【Miyake】But he's really athletic, a great basketball player, super nice and he has a fun personality... He's everything I'm not...
【Taniyama】Yamaguchi and Fujiwara are both in sports clubs and really popular. I see them talking to girls all the time...
【Tsukasa】So what if they do? They're just interacting normally as classmates.
【Hayashi】Interacting normally? You hear that, guys...?
【Taniyama】You've gotta be kidding me.
【Miyake】Haha. Yeah...
【Tsukasa】...?
【Rui】Hehe... Anyway, Tsukasa, you should really go get us those drinks now.
【Tsukasa】Yes, right. What would you all like me to get—
【Teacher's Voice】Hey, what are you all still doing up! Don't you know it's well past curfew?!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Th-That sounded like a teacher! Which room was that?!
【Rui】One or two doors down from what I could tell. They must be doing their patrols now.
[Sound] bgm00038
【Taniyama】Quick! We gotta turn off the lights!
[Sound] se00339_b
【Hayashi】Wait, no! We haven't laid out our beds yet...!
【Tsukasa】Whoa! I can't see! It's too dark!
【Miyake】Thank goodness we already put the cards and stuff away! Here, I found the beds!
【Rui】Okay, we just gotta lay down our own beds and wait for that teacher to leave.
【Tsukasa】Hm? Wait, where does that leave me?!
【Rui】Don't worry. You can hide under the table.
【Tsukasa】How is that supposed to help?!
【Miyake】Shush! Kamishiro, make your bed! Tenma, hide! Now...!
[Sound] se00055_b
[Sound] se00246_b
[Sound] se00380_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【Teacher】I thought I just heard some commotion...
【Miyake, Hayashi & Taniyama】...
【Rui】...
【Tsukasa】...
【Teacher】I guess I was just hearing things...
[Sound] se00468_b
【Rui】Okay, I think we're safe...
【Tsukasa】Phew... That was rather thrilling.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Miyake】Um, Tenma...? Maybe you should head back to your room. If they find out that you're not there...
【Tsukasa】No, I'm not about to give up after coming this far! Also, I should be fine if I ask my groupmates to make a dummy of me.
【Tsukasa】They're apparently quite adept at pulling a fast one on the teachers in these sorts of situations.
【Taniyama】Oh... Haha. I guess we sort of think alike in that regard...
【Rui】Yes.
【Tsukasa】Okay, we'll be off! Wish us luck!
【Miyake】Alright, be careful!
[Sound] se00198_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【Teacher's Voice】Kamishiro! I knew you were still up! Wait, Tenma, you too?!
[Sound] bgm00003
【Tsukasa's Voice】You're still here?! Were you waiting to ambush us?!
【Miyake】Ah...
【Taniyama】Yikes, caught in the act...
【Hayashi】I guess this is their comeuppance for everything they get up to.
【Miyake】Haha...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
[Sound] se00122_b
【Tsukasa】How does it look, Rui...?
【Rui】Yes, it seems good. I'll take this script and begin working on how we'll present it.
【Tsukasa】Excellent! Thank you!
【Emu】Yay☆ That means we're done working on the script for the anniversary show♪
【Nene】Yeah, and I feel like the ending really suits us now. I like it.
【Tsukasa】But of course! I mean, how much happier can this ending get?!
【Tsukasa】Phoenix Wonderland's anniversary show is scheduled to open two months from now!
【Tsukasa】This will be our final show as members of its cast, so let's give it everything we have!
【Emu, Nene & Rui】Yeah!
【Nene】Oh, right. They're probably gonna announce that we're becoming freelancers pretty soon, huh?
【Rui】Yes. From what I understand, they're going to explain what's going on to the cast first before announcing it to the public.
【Tsukasa】Emu's brothers said that they'd take care of it, so we shouldn't have to worry much...
【Tsukasa】But I feel a little bad about placing the burden on them...
【Rui】Me too. Yes, they agreed to us becoming freelancers, but we stand to benefit more from this...
【Rui】Which means we should do what we can for them and the park.
【Nene】Hmm... We still have the anniversary show, so we should get a chance to greet all the visitors, right?
【Tsukasa】So what about the other cast members...?
【Tsukasa】They're our valued comrades. They helped us protect and save Phoenix Wonderland...
【Rui】We should at least thank them one last time.
【Emu】Oh, that shouldn't be a problem!
【Emu】Keisuke and Shosuke said that it'd be okay for us to do that after they've had a chance to tell them the news.
【Tsukasa】Oh, really?!
【Emu】Yup! And there's lots of people I still need to talk to♪
【Tsukasa】Excellent! Then, once they've heard the news, we'll go and thank them one last time!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000301
[Sound] bgm00115
[Caption] A few days later
[Caption] In Front of the Ferris Wheel
【Emu】Good mooorning☆
【Tsukasa】We're sorry to interrupt your preparations, but do you all have a moment to talk?
【Cast Member A】Oh, Emu! Wait, you're all here!
【Cast Member B】We heard the news! You're gonna start freelancing and learn how to put on better shows?
【Rui】Yes, which is why we came by to thank you all one last time.
[PlaceInfo] In Front of the Phoenix Coaster
【Nene】We understand if you're surprised since we know the news was sudden...
【Emu】But we're gonna go see lots of new things, experience lots of stuff and come back bigger and better than before!
【Cast Member C】Hahaha! That's great! Yeah, you guys definitely should experience as much as you can while you're young.
【Cast Member D】I agree. It also makes me really happy that the park's operators are willing to give you this opportunity.
[PlaceInfo] In Front of the Fish Coaster
【Cast Member E】Go on! The more famous you all become, the prouder we'll be to have worked with you!
【Cast Member F】Our beloved fish coaster's still in operation because of all of you.
【Cast Member F】So, thank you very much! We hope all your dreams come true!
【Tsukasa】And thank you all very much!
【Emu, Nene & Rui】Thank you all very much!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d001101
[Sound] bgm00059
[Caption] Phoenix Stage
【Nishie】We were all so stunned when they told us that you guys are gonna become freelancers!
【Omori】But it actually kinda makes sense. We're really happy for all of you!
【Cast Members】Things aren't gonna be the same, but we'll be rooting for you guys!
【Cast Members】Go learn as much as you can!
【Tsukasa】All of you...
【Rui】Thank you for understanding...
【Sakurako】They understand because it's you we're talking about. They wouldn't do that for just anyone.
【Sakurako】After all, you've managed to pull off a miracle once already.
【Sakurako】By saving Phoenix Wonderland. By keeping it “the place where everyone smiles”.
【Tsukasa】...! But we were only able to do that because of all your help. It was a massive group effort.
【Tsukasa】We never would've been able to accomplish such a thing by ourselves...
【Sakurako】Of course you wouldn't have.
【Sakurako】But even I was impressed by the way you were able to take action and unite the park's entire cast under one banner.
【Sakurako】With that sort of power, you should be able to make even more people smile than before.
【Emu】Sakurako...!
【Sakurako】I'll look you all up from time to time, so do your best out there.
【Sakurako】But before you do, you have to fulfill your duties as cast members by putting on a good anniversary show.
【Tsukasa】Yes, of course!
【Tsukasa】We promise to make the most of all your kindness by putting on an absolutely spectacular performance!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Today, it begins...
【Tsukasa】(Our final show as members of the cast here.)
【Tsukasa】(Soon, the anniversary show for Phoenix Wonderland will open.)
【Tsukasa】(Like all our other shows, I'm sure we'll be doing our last performance before we know it.)
【Tsukasa】(No...)
【Tsukasa】(Looking back, it feels like every day has flown by ever since I first met Emu here.)
[Sound] se00053_b
【Emu】Haaaaaaaaaaaaah!
[Sound] bgm00195
[Sound] se00050_b
[Sound] se00073_b
【Tsukasa】Whoa! What on earth was that? Something just dropped out of the sky!
【Emu】Welcome to the Wonder Stage, a place filled with lots of smiles☆
【Emu】All together, now! One, two, wonderhoy☆
【Tsukasa】Huh?
【Tsukasa】Say hello to our new stage director!
【Rui】Apologies for the wait. Here she is.
[Sound] se00074_b
[Sound] se00070_b
【Tsukasa & Emu】She's a robot?!
[Background Change] bg_d000202
【Tsukasa】Wonderlands×Showtime shall continue operations!
【Emu & Tsukasa】Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
[Background Change] bg_d000201
【Tsukasa】The first time I was brought here, all I could see was just a run-down stage.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_d000205
[Background Change] bg_d000206
[Background Change] bg_d000201
【Tsukasa】But as Emu said, you have the power to take people to different worlds and make the audience smile.
【Tsukasa】I regret calling you a run-down stage back then.
【Tsukasa】No matter what anyone says, you mean everything to us!
[Sound] se00171_b
【Emu】Morning, Tsukasa☆
【Nene】Oh, you're here early.
【Rui】To be fair, we also seem to have arrived much earlier than the time we agreed upon...
【Tsukasa】Well, today's the day the anniversary show opens!
【Nene】Speaking of which, “#AnniversaryShow” and similar hashtags started trending online after the park announced that it'd be happening.
【Tsukasa】People also seemed to be talking about us no longer regularly doing shows here.
【Rui】Fortunately, things didn't get too out of hand after that information was announced.
【Tsukasa】Yes, they seemed to accept it rather well. I believe they were relieved to know that this won't be the end.
【Nene】A lot even said that they're gonna come see our last show no matter what.
【Emu】Oh, Kohane also said she's definitely gonna come see us!
【Tsukasa】Right, Toya also got in touch with me on that. He's apparently going to be here with Akito in tow.
【Rui】Hehe. It seems likely that Shiraishi will come along to round out their group.
【Nene】Oh, Hoshino said she'll be coming with her bandmates.
【Tsukasa】I heard that as well. Saki sounded extremely excited!
【Emu】Wow...! Hehe. We've gotta make sure they all have lots and lots of fun♪
【Rui】Yes! I believe everyone who comes to see our show is going to go home smiling.
【Tsukasa】Let's go out there and make our last show as members of Phoenix Wonderland's cast one to remember!
【Emu】Yeah!
【Tsukasa】Oh, that reminds me! I was thinking that we could greet the audience.
[Sound] se00055_b
【Tsukasa】We should take this opportunity to show them our gratitude, so if you don't mind listening for a second...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Nene】Huh...? What did you just say?
【Rui】I'm sorry, Tsukasa. Could you repeat that?
【Tsukasa】Yes. Listen carefully, all of you.
【Tsukasa】I...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】I...might be held back a year!
【Miku】H-Held back...?!
【Emu】But, isn't that super, super bad?!
【Tsukasa】Yes...! It's unprecedentedly bad!
【Tsukasa】If... If I don't make it into third year...
【Tsukasa】I'll be in the same year as you and Nene!
【Emu】The same year...as you...?!
【Miku】That means Nene and Tsukasa will be able to put on as many shows as they like, every day☆
【Emu】Oh, that sounds so cool! I wanna do a show at school too!
【Tsukasa】It would certainly not be cool!
【Tsukasa】All of you, think about it reasonably! If that happened, I...would be in the same year as Saki!
【Emu】Y-You're right... Tsukasa and...Saki...?
[Sound] se00200_b
[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Sound] bgm00018
[Sound] se00590
【Teacher】Who can answer this question...? Ms. Tenma! Do you know?
【Saki】Huh?
【Saki】(Wait, what was it...? I... I forgot!)
【Saki】Uh... Um... Uhhh...
【Tsukasa】(Oh no! Saki's in a bind! At a time like this, her big brother must go to her aid!)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah! Look here, Saki! Your knight in shining armor takes the stage!
[Sound] bgm00200
【Saki】Tsukasa...?!
[Sound] se00034_b
【Tsukasa】What a difficult question! Seven hundred percent difficulty! But the certainty that you can answer it is ten out of ten!
【Tsukasa】Saki, I know you know the answer! Come now, think!
【Saki】Wait... What?!
【Saki】(Oh... Seven hundred... Ten... Is he giving me a clue?)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saki】Seven hundred...and ten... The year 710... Oh, now I remember! The relocation of the capital to Nara!
【Teacher】Correct! Well done, Ms. Tenma!
[Sound] bgm00025
【Tsukasa】That's my little sister! I expect nothing less!
【Tsukasa】I ask you! Give Saki more questions to answer! She can answer even harder ones!
【Saki】Yes! Keep them coming! I'll answer them all!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【KAITO】Emu, are you okay?
[Sound] bgm_area00004
【Emu】That...sounds...so fun! I wanna be your classmate too!
【Tsukasa】What are you talking about?! Good grief... There's no point trying to keep up with your imagination.
【Tsukasa】Anyway, I need to get into third year, whatever it takes!
【Miku】But, how are you gonna do that?
【Tsukasa】There are going to be supplementary classes all through next week, and there's a test on the last day that will determine whether I'm held back or not.
【Nene】So you need to do well on that test to get into third year?
【Tsukasa】Yes. My fate will be decided next Friday! And so...Rui!
【Tsukasa】I've swallowed my pride to ask something of you. Please, help me study!
【Rui】Well, I imagined you would ask. Of course I'll help you.
【Tsukasa】Thank you...! You have my gratitude! I'll be more than well prepared with your help!
【Rui】Hehe. You can count on me. Emu will be disappointed, but I want you to join me in third year.
【Emu】Hehehe, oh well!
【Emu】You can do it, Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】Yes, I can! I'm going to cross this quagmire without fail!
【Rui】Yes, you are. Let's do our best.
【Rui】However, it may be wise to have a secret weapon up my sleeve for when the time comes.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】Something that will drill knowledge into Tsukasa's head, whether he likes it or not... An instantaneous memorization device...
【Tsukasa】Uh... Hey, Rui?
【KAITO】Ahaha... I hope Tsukasa comes out of this unscathed...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000101
[Caption] Graduation ceremony
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - School Gate
【Tsukasa】(Well, we came here as soon as homeroom ended, but...)
【Tsukasa】(The school gate's swamped with everyone who's graduating.)
[Sound] se00034_b
【Teacher】*Bawl* Congratulations, all of you!
【Graduating Students】Hey, don't cry... If you cry, then we'll cry and...
[Sound] se00100_b
【Akito】Did you find him?
【Tsukasa】No sign of him. Where could the captain be...?
【Tsukasa】This is no time for half-measures.
【Tsukasa】Alright, Akito. Leave it to me!
【Akito】Huh?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】CAPTAIN!!! WHERE ARE YOU?!
【Graduating Student】Wah! Who was that?! My ears...
[Sound] se00034_b
【Graduating Student】Oh, it's that guy! The loud half of the Weirdo Wombo Combo!
【Akito】Um, Tsukasa. Could you dial it down a little?
[Background Change] bg_a000201
【???】OH!!! IS THAT VOICE...TENMA?!
[Background Change] bg_a000101
【Graduating Student】Whoa! Again?! It's coming from the schoolyard this time!
【Akito】Him too...?
【Tsukasa】Akito! I hear his voice coming from the schoolyard! Let's go meet him!
【Akito】Okay...
[Sound] se00134_b
[Background Change] bg_a000201
【Cheer Squad Captain】You came just to see me?
[Sound] bgm00006
【Tsukasa】Yes! We wanted to say a proper goodbye, so we decided to drop by.
【Akito】That's right. Tsukasa invited me, and I figured I should come see you.
【Tsukasa & Akito】Congratulations on your graduation!
【Cheer Squad Captain】Oh! Many thanks to both of you!
【Cheer Squad Captain】Also... Tenma, I heard that you had supplementary classes. It must've been a rough time, but I'm pleased to know you passed!
【Tsukasa】Wh-Why do you know about that, Captain?!
【Cheer Squad Captain】Hah. You are a school celebrity, don't forget. There was talk among us third-years that the Weirdo Wombo Combo might have to disband.
【Tsukasa】So much about my life is public knowledge... It's not easy being a star...
【Tsukasa】Wait, no no no! Now is not the time for that!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Oh captain, my captain. Thank you for all your work during the Sports Festival.
【Tsukasa】Although we didn't win, we will take the baton from you and be sure to seize victory next year!
[Sound] bgm00138
【Akito】That's right. Defeat doesn't sit right with me. Well, it depends if we get a chance or not.
【Cheer Squad Captain】Hah, I see! Well then, I leave it in your capable hands!
【Tsukasa】Understood!
【Cheer Squad Captain】Thanks to you two, I'm leaving no regrets behind. You have my gratitude for helping make us such a great cheer squad.
【Tsukasa】Captain...
【Cheer Squad Captain】As it's my last chance, let me give you both some parting words as your senior.
【Cheer Squad Captain】I say this particularly to you, Tenma, since next year will be your last at high school. Give everything your all, and make sure you don't leave any unfinished business behind!
【Tsukasa】We will! I'll commit your advice to memory!
【Akito】Congratulations on getting through the last three years.
【Cheer Squad Captain】Well then. Farewell!
[Sound] se00104_b
【Tsukasa】(Yes. It's just like he said...)
【Tsukasa】(I want to leave this school with as much contentment and pride on my face as he had. And so...)
【Tsukasa】I need to be even more diligent and make next year count.
【Akito】I can't slack off either.
【Tsukasa】Let's both do our best!
【Akito】Let's.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Caption] Shopping Mall
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah! We've really made the most of our time after school!
【Tsukasa】We have triumphed over ice cream, beef skewers, kebabs with no vegetables, and even mutton biryani!
【Rui】I think we outdid some of the latest vacuum cleaners out there. Now my stomach is making awful noises.
【Rui】Though, it was surprisingly fun to spend the afternoon pretending to be competitive eaters. We should do this again.
【Tsukasa】Agreed! If only school always got out this early.
【Tsukasa】On the other hand, that may get old rather quickly.
【Rui】You may be right... Especially considering how much I enjoy being chased around by the teachers.
【Tsukasa】You're the only one who feels that way...
【Tsukasa】Still, we do get to be in class together this year!
【Tsukasa】Not only that, but different faces around us... A new environment... Don't they just fill you with excitement?!
【Rui】Hehe. Yes, they do. I'm looking forward to seeing what the future has in store for us.
【Tsukasa】Alright, now that we've had a chance to eat, it is time to come up with a theme for our next show...
【Tsukasa】Wait, isn't that...?!
[Sound] se00049_b
[Sound] se00104_b
【Rui】What do you see?
【Tsukasa】Rui, look... This sweater vest. I'm feeling some sort of profound connection to it.
【Rui】This tepid embroidered fish... Isn't this from that clothing brand you like?
【Tsukasa】Yes, it appears to be so.
【Tsukasa】But this sweater vest... It balances cute and cool so perfectly that I can't help but gravitate towards it.
【Tsukasa】I... I must have it!
【Rui】Then, why don't you try it on? I'll wait here for you.
【Tsukasa】Really?! Then, I'll be but a moment!
[Sound] se00049_b
【Tsukasa's Voice】Excuse me!! Would you be able to direct me to the fitting rooms?!
【Rui】Hehe. He's as energetic as ever today.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] A few minutes later
【Clerk】This looks stunning on you, sir! And it fits just right!
【Tsukasa】Thank you very much!
【Tsukasa】(I didn't intend to try on a whole outfit centered around this sweater vest, but...)
【Tsukasa】I like it... I may just have to buy the entire thing.
[Sound] se00104_b
【Rui】Ah, Tsukasa, you're done changing. That outfit looks very nice on you.
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah. Doesn't it? So nice that I'm seriously considering buying all of it now.
【Rui】I don't see any problem with that if you like it that much. Plus, it is the best time of year to get something new.
【Tsukasa】Now that you mention it, you're right!
【Tsukasa】Coming across the perfect outfit at the perfect time. Perhaps this is fate...
【Tsukasa】I don't have much cash on hand, but I may just have to take the plunge! Like diving from the Kiyomizu Stage!
【Tsukasa】How much would this all be together?!
【Clerk】Thank you for shopping with us today! That'll be 25,800 yen.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】25-thousand?!
【Tsukasa】I really went for it...
[Sound] bgm00180
【Tsukasa】I'm sorry for making you wait, Rui.
【Rui】No problem at all. Watching you pick out a new outfit also gave me a new perspective.
【Rui】As expected, the start of a new term is the best time to switch things up.
【Tsukasa】Indeed. The change in our class marks a fresh start! I'd like to make the most of this opportunity!
【Tsukasa】Also...
【Tsukasa】We are about to embark upon a new journey as Wonderlands×Showtime.
【Rui】Tsukasa...
【Tsukasa】We're about to make the climb towards stardom, taking the world by storm and making our dreams a reality!
【Tsukasa】Let's change our outlook and face that challenge head-on!
【Rui】Yes. Let's go out there and make our dreams come true.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000501
[Caption] Kamiyama High School
【P.E. Teacher】Stop right there, Kamishiro, Tenma!!! You're not getting away from me today!
【P.E. Teacher】Stop hiding and show yourselves! You think it's okay to set off fireworks at the start of a new term?!
[Background Change] bg_a000306
【Tsukasa】Grr... How did I get dragged into this...?
【Rui】Tsukasa, be quiet.
[Background Change] bg_a000501
【P.E. Teacher】Have any of you first-years seen Kamishiro or Tenma around here at all?! If you have and don't tell me...
【First-Years】W-W-W-We haven't seen them! I mean, we don't really know who either of those people are!
【P.E. Teacher】Oh, right... Just be sure to report any suspicious activity. I will find them today no matter what...!
[Sound] se00097_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000306
【Rui】Okay, I think the coast is clear.
【Rui】You can speak now, Tsukasa. I do request that you keep your voice down, though...
[Sound] bgm00018
【Tsukasa】Why do I have to keep doing what you say?! Don't forget who got us into this mess!
【Rui】But I thought you approved of this plan.
【Rui】You even said, “The opening ceremony doubles as a welcoming party for the new students, so I'm sure they'd enjoy it if we threw in some special effects for them!”
【Tsukasa】Y-Yes, I said that... But I didn't mean for you to shoot off thirty fireworks! That caused a huge panic!
【Rui】Yes, they were a bit louder than I was expecting.
【Rui】Also, both you and that teacher made this mistake, but you can't technically call them fireworks since no fire was involved.
【Rui】Real ones would've been much too dangerous. That's why I used the mechanism found in party poppers to—
【Tsukasa】That's not what's important right now!!!
【Tsukasa】Listen up, Rui. We're third-years now. It's our final year here.
【Tsukasa】We should be doing what we can to stop being called the Weirdo Wombo Combo and act with more dignity like...
【First-Years' Voices】My big bro told me about them, but I can't believe the Weirdo Wombo Combo's actually real...
【First-Years' Voices】And what about that really scary teacher chasing after them? Those ridiculous rumors really ended up being true...
【First-Years' Voices】If seniors like that are here setting off fireworks during the opening ceremony, this school can't be normal.
【Rui】Hm...?
【Rui】The new students seem to be talking about us. Our fame precedes us.
【Tsukasa】(No, not good...! I need to do something about this...!!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] A few days later
[Caption] Class 3-C
【Teacher】Alright, let's start our long homeroom.
【Teacher】As we discussed before, you'll be making your committee selections today. For now, please raise your hand if you are interested in a position. First...
【Tsukasa】(I've given this a lot of thought since the other day. The whole school's been talking about the Weirdo Wombo Combo...)
【Tsukasa】(If this keeps up, it will hinder me on my path to superstardom! I must prevent my name from getting dragged through the mud!)
【Tsukasa】(And this is the only way...)
【Teacher】Let's start with the hall monitor—
【Tsukasa】Me!!! I volunteer myself to become a hall monitor!
[Sound] se00611
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】Tsukasa...
[Sound] se00034_b
【Classmates】Tenma?! As a hall monitor...?!
【Classmates】But he's one of the people always breaking the rules...
【Teacher】This isn't the lightning round for a quiz show. I appreciate the enthusiasm, but under what pretense did you raise your hand...?
【Teacher】If you and Kamishiro are concocting some sort of scheme, then you'll be...
【Tsukasa】There! That is exactly why I'm volunteering!
【Tsukasa】Until now, a series of grave misunderstandings has led people to lump me in with Rui as one of the Weirdo Wombo Combo!
[Sound] bgm00015
【Teacher】No, your track record is clear. Those were not “grave misunderstandings.”
【Tsukasa】Regardless! I am an honest, hard-working, and honorable high schooler! Plus, I'm a future star!
【Tsukasa】So I wish to become a hall monitor for the sake of clearing my name!
【Tsukasa】And I swear to keep a watchful eye on Rui from this day on!
[Sound] se00034_b
【Classmates】Is he serious...?
【Classmates】But I bet Tenma keeping an eye on Kamishiro would be good news for the teachers.
【Classmates】Yeah, because it's impossible to catch them both...
【Rui】Oh dear...
【Rui】This is turning into quite a predicament.
【Teacher】If you truly intend to follow through on that promise, then I'd be more than happy to make you a hall monitor, Tenma...
【Tsukasa】...! Does that mean...?!
【Teacher】However, if I find out that you're in cahoots with Kamishiro, you're immediately out! You'll be spending your days locked in the guidance counselor's office. Are we clear?
【Tsukasa】Yes, thank you very much! I, Tsukasa Tenma, vow to do my absolute best as a hall monitor!
[Sound] se00034_b
【Classmates】Th-This is nuts...
【Classmates】The newspaper club needs to start preparing a special edition on this...
[Sound] se00611
【Tsukasa】Hear that, Rui?! You won't have your way with me this year!
【Tsukasa】For the sake of all the other rule-abiding students, your reign of terror must come to an end!
【Rui】Sounds like we have another fun year ahead.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003401
[Caption] Nonogi Park
【Tsukasa】Okay, I believe we're all done stretching!
【Emu】Yup♪
【Tsukasa】Now then...! Ahem!
【Tsukasa】Let's start our run! Also known as “Towards Tomorrow! Our Last Run Before The New School Year!”
【Emu】Yeah☆
【Rui & Nene】Yeah! Yeah...?
【Tsukasa】Hm? What's wrong, Nene? You don't sound all that excited.
【Emu】Are you getting hungry?
【Nene】No, I had a decent breakfast this morning. That's not what's bugging me...
【Nene】I mean, seriously... We're what, running into the world of tomorrow?
【Tsukasa】Ah, you mean “Towards Tomorrow! Our Last Run Before The New School Year!”? Emu and I came up with that title while waiting for you two to arrive.
【Emu】Hehe. Isn't it cool? It's like the subtitle for an anime♪
【Rui】Hehe. Yes, it certainly sounds like something you see at the end of the first season.
【Nene】I thought it sounded like the title for the last chapter of a canceled manga series...
【Rui】In any case, I believe it's another way of saying this is a special day.
【Tsukasa】Precisely!
【Tsukasa】So, let's work up a good sweat in order to get ourselves in perfect shape for the opening ceremony!
【Nene】I'm not sure what those things have to do with each other, but if it ends up being a good workout...
【Tsukasa】Excellent! Then let's start running!
【Rui, Emu & Nene】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00052
[Sound] se00134_b
[Sound] se00134_b
【Emu】That tree over there's our goal, right☆ I'm gonna finish first♪
[Sound] se00349_b
【Tsukasa】What?! Not so fast, Emu!
[Sound] se00349_b
【Rui】So much energy... Nene, we're almost there.
【Nene】Huff... Huff... I-I'm okay!
[Sound] se00134_b
[Sound] se00627
【Tsukasa】*Roar*
【Emu】Ohhh no you don't!!!
【Tsukasa】Aaarrrggghhh!!!
[Sound] se00627
【Tsukasa】Yes! I finished...!
[Sound] se00625
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】First...?!
【Emu】Huh...?
【Tsukasa】Waaaaaaah!!!
[Sound] se00626
【Emu】Oh noooooo!!! Tsukasa tumbled out of control!
【Emu】Are you okay?!
【Tsukasa】Whoa! I can't believe I did that...! What happened?! Why did I tumble out of control like that?!
[Sound] se00134_b
【Nene】Geez, we're the ones who can't believe you...! Are you sure you didn't get hurt at all?
【Tsukasa】Hm? No, just a few cuts and scrapes.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Rui】Fortunately, you fell on the grass...
【Rui】By the way, from what I could see, you tumbled so violently because your shoe broke apart and gave out underneath you.
【Tsukasa】My shoe broke...?
【Tsukasa】No, my right shoe...! It's gone missing!
【Nene】Isn't that it over there? It's in two pieces since the sole got completely torn off...
【Tsukasa】H-How could this have happened...?!
【Tsukasa】We got all muddy while running through those puddles together.
【Tsukasa】You were even there when we stepped in a dog's refuse while chasing the Robo-Phoenix around!
【Tsukasa】I...! I've lost another valuable training partner!
【Emu】Tsukasa...
【Nene】Didn't you say basically the same thing when you broke that other shoe during one of our practices...?
【Rui】Hehe. Stage props are one thing, but you seem to take great care of your belongings as well, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Of course I do.
【Tsukasa】Those who don't take good care of their equipment have no hope of finding success.
【Nene】You're not some professional athlete...
【Tsukasa】*Sigh* But this is pretty bad. I have no choice but to buy a new pair.
【Emu】Yeah...
【Emu】Still, Tsukasa, I'm sure Mr. Shoe had a lot of fun running around with you.
【Rui】Yes, I have a feeling that it couldn't have asked for a better ending.
【Tsukasa】True...
【Tsukasa】Alright! I'll just have to find another pair of running shoes that will work just as hard as my old one!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【KAITO】Welcome, everyone.
【Miku】Yay! What brings you all here today?
【Rui】We were hoping to practice here for a bit. Also...
【Tsukasa】Hehehe...
【Rin】What's going on, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Ah, there is something I must tell you all.
【MEIKO】Oh, what's that?
【Tsukasa】The thing is...
【Tsukasa】Today, I'd like to present to you all my new running shoes!!!
【Rin】New running shoes? You got a new pair?!
【Tsukasa】Yes! Take a look!!!
【Len】Whoa, they look really cool! And so shiny!
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah! I did just put them on before coming over here.
【Miku】They do look really cool. And super fast☆
【Emu】Yeah, I thought the same thing when he showed us!
【Nene】I get that you wanna show them to everyone, but that's not why you're here, right...?
【Tsukasa】Ah, of course!
【Tsukasa】I'm wearing these today because I'd like for you all to step on them for me.
【Len】What?! But your shiny shoes are gonna get all dirty!
【Tsukasa】Yes, I'm doing this for my own good!
【Rui】Brand-new shoes can cause the wearer to get injured if they're not broken in properly.
【Rui】Stepping on his new shoes should help loosen up the material and make it easier for his feet to mold them.
【KAITO】Yes, I've heard that people who play sports like basketball do that...
【Nene】Put another way, you don't usually do this unless you play some kind of sport.
【Emu】But this is like a little charm for not getting injured, right?!
【Miku】Then, I wanna step on Tsukasa's shoes!
【Rin】Me too, me too♪
【Len】Me three!
【Tsukasa】Then, why don't you all start lining up? Rui, all of you, be sure to join in as well!
【Rui】Gladly!
【Miku】Okay, I'll step on them... Now...!
[Sound] se00118_b
【Rin】My turn... Hiyah! Um, I hope that didn't hurt...
[Sound] se00118_b
【Tsukasa】Thank you, Miku, Rin! You both did a wonderful job!
【Miku & Rin】Woohoo♪
【Len】Alright, I'm next!
【KAITO】Hehe. It's so funny how we're lining up to step on someone's shoes.
【Rui】Yes, it's turned into quite the event.
[Sound] se00381_b
【Plushie A】Huh...? What are you guys all lined up for?
[Sound] se00381_b
【Emu】Oh, this is for...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00190
[Sound] se00118_b
[Sound] se00118_b
【Luka】Hear my wish, and don't let Tsukasa get injured. There!
[Sound] se00118_b
【Tsukasa】Thank you, Luka!
【Tsukasa】I'll be done once Rui and the others have had their turn.
【Rui】Hehe. So, a funny thing happened while we were waiting in line.
【Rui】Look at everyone behind us.
【Tsukasa】Behind you? There should only be you three...
【Tsukasa】Huh...?!
【Plushie A】See? Doesn't this look like fun?
[Sound] se00624
【Plushie B】Yeah! Thanks for letting us know!
【Plushie R】I've never done anything like this before. I hope I do okay.
【Plushie S】I was worried about that too and asked someone ahead of me in the line. But Emu and the others said it was really easy!
【Plushies】Hey, I heard everyone's stepping on someone's shoes!
[Sound] se00624
【Plushies】On someone's shoes? Is that supposed to be a new kind of game?
【KAITO】Oh my...
【MEIKO】Haha! This line's so long! It's like they're waiting to get on a really popular ride or something!
【Miku】Wow! They must really love you, Tsukasa☆
【Rui】Hehe. Stepping on someone's new pair of shoes must feel like quite a new experience to the plushies.
【Tsukasa】Still, to think that they'd be this interested...!
【Tsukasa】Nonetheless...this feels like a nice discovery!
【Nene】A nice discovery?
【Tsukasa】Yes! This may seem rather mundane to us, but to others, it's fun and interesting!
【Tsukasa】It's a new way to make others smile!
【KAITO】Yes, I see.
【KAITO】Since you're all about to set out into the world...
【KAITO】It'll be important to remember that even the slightest things can make others smile and laugh.
【Tsukasa】Indeed!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Diner
【Emu】Here's to a wonderhoy performance, everyone! Ch-Ch-Ch-Cheeers☆
【Nene】*Nod* Cheers.
[Sound] se00163_b
【Tsukasa】I don't know about the rest of you, but I feel a lot more tired than usual...
【Rui】Me too. Performing with a new group in a different place does seem to require a little extra energy...
【Rui】Also, the play was a type of production we weren't used to, which may've also played a role.
【Nene】Yeah, it left me mentally fatigued too.
【Nene】And despite it being a tough play to put on, everyone in Shunmeiza didn't break a sweat and paid so much attention to detail.
【Nene】They were so amazing.
【Nene】I feel even more motivated to improve my acting skills now.
【Emu】Ooh, Nene, you're all full of peas!
【Nene】Don't you mean full of beans?
【Rui】Hehe. In any case, this definitely ended up being a fruitful experience for us.
【Tsukasa】I agree. However, that also comes with some setbacks.
【Tsukasa】Ultimately, I wasn't able to fulfill my role as an actor on the day of the show.
【Rui】Tsukasa...
【Emu】But the director said he really liked your performance!
【Tsukasa】No, stop... The truth is that I failed in my duties. I was shown plainly where I am as an actor right now.
【Tsukasa】That being said, I'm not about to let that get me down!
【Tsukasa】If anything, now that I know what I need to work on, I'm as motivated as ever about the future!
【Emu】Hehe♪ You're back to being all fiery like usual!
【Nene】He might actually be burning hotter than usual.
【Rui】And we wouldn't have it any other way.
【Tsukasa】However, before we take our next step...
【Tsukasa】I need to thank all of you.
【Tsukasa】I have a feeling that my performance today would've been dismal if I hadn't asked for your help.
【Tsukasa】Because you were all so kind, I was able to play Nakayama the way I did.
【Tsukasa】So, from the bottom of my heart... Thank you!
【Nene】You just wanted to thank us...?
【Nene】I mean... It's not like this is the first time we helped you figure out how to play a character.
【Emu】Hehe. Plus, it was your hard work that paid off in the end, not ours.
【Rui】She's right. All we did was provide you with a few ideas as to what Nakayama might be like as a person.
【Rui】You're the one who solved the puzzle, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】All of you...
【Emu】And brainstorming together was so much fun!
【Emu】I really liked the super energetic Nakayama! I love how he's always smiling and has a booming voice!
【Rui】Me too. I particularly like how he has a habit of driving his three-wheel truck through the front doors of his office. That would make for quite a fun character.
【Nene】Didn't that one end with him drowning in debt because of his destructive nature...?
【Tsukasa】Despite only having three lines, I thought I was going to lose my voice playing that version of him...
【Rui】I also liked my gloomy version of Nakayama.
【Tsukasa】That one involved him mumbling everything he says while hunched over in some dark corner of the office, no?
【Rui】Because he secretly has the ability to see evil spirits... It ended with him quitting his job, venturing deep into the mountains and sacrificing himself in order to defeat the big boss spirit...
【Emu】Whoa! He fights evil spirits! That's so brave of him!
【Tsukasa】Why do all your versions of him involve these outlandish ideas...?
【Rui】Well, I believe you need to be outlandish at times in order to become used to thinking outside the box.
【Tsukasa】I suppose...
【Tsukasa】(Still...)
【Tsukasa】(I couldn't be more grateful about having friends like these who share my burdens.)
【Tsukasa】(I can't help but feel blessed...)
【Tsukasa】Oh, while I'm at it... I should go thank Bakuno one last time!
【Tsukasa】Not only did he show me the benefits of coming up with a character's life story, he helped me come up with one for Nakayama after I asked him to so suddenly... His vast imagination ended up being the lifesaver I needed!
【Rui】Yes, I agree. I think we should all thank him the next time we see him.
【Emu】Okay!
【Tsukasa】(Thanks to Bakuno, I have a slightly better understanding of what it means to really disappear into a role...)
【Tsukasa】(If I can learn to master what I just learned... If I can learn to control it, then I should be able to grow even further as an actor.)
【Tsukasa】(I still have a long road ahead of me until I reach stardom, but...)
【Tsukasa】I'm going to take this experience and use it to propel myself to new heights!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003401
[Caption] Park Cafe
【Saki】Wow...! I didn't know about this cafe at all! The breeze out on the terrace feels so good!
【Tsukasa】I agree! They've chosen a wonderful location! The perfect place for a pair of siblings to spend some quality time together!
【Tsukasa】I couldn't be happier about us getting to go out today, Saki!
【Saki】Hehe. It's been so long since we last had a nice relaxing time together!
【Saki】Until just recently, you didn't come home until it was really late because of practice... You even kept practicing after you got back.
【Tsukasa】Yes, because the play was just around the corner.
【Saki】I know, but... Try not to push yourself too hard, okay? Mom, Dad and I were really worried!
【Saki】Just the other day, I heard you shouting, “What kind of person is Nakayama?!” while you were in your room.
【Tsukasa】What?! You heard me all the way from the living room...?!
【Saki】Yeah!
【Saki】But... We knew you were trying super duper hard, so we decided to leave you be after talking things over.
【Tsukasa】I see... I'm sorry for causing you all to worry so much...
【Saki】No, don't mind us! Again, just don't push yourself too hard!
【Tsukasa】Yes... I'll be careful. Thank you.
【Saki】Anyway, how did that play go? You were practicing so much for it.
【Tsukasa】So... I still have a few things left to work on, but the show itself was a success.
【Saki】It was...?! Congratulations!
【Tsukasa】Thank you. ...
【Saki】Hm? What's wrong?
【Tsukasa】No, it's just... Some old memories came back.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000402
[Background Change] bg_a003401
【Tsukasa】(I was able to learn how to flesh out my character because of a memory from when we were little.)
【Tsukasa】(That takes me back. Coming up with all those shows for Saki to make her smile while she was in the hospital...)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_e000701
[Sound] bgm00195
【Little Tsukasa】“We made it! We're finally on the monsters' island!”
【Little Tsukasa】“Alright, we're going to find that treasure no matter what!”
【Little Saki】Yeah!
【Little Tsukasa】Okay, we'll stop here for today! I hope you're looking forward to seeing what happens next time!
【Little Saki】I am!
【Little Saki】Hehe. Thanks for coming up with another really fun show, Tsukasa.
【Little Saki】I'm so glad Bunny was able to make so many friends after starting out as such a crybaby! I can't wait to see what happens next!
【Little Tsukasa】Then, I promise to make the next one even more amazing! So, Saki, stay tuned!
【Little Tsukasa】(She was all smiles again today. Alright, I need to start coming up with the next part right away!)
【Little Tsukasa】(The next scene is when they finally fight the monsters, so how should I do it...?)
【Little Tsukasa】(Bunny bravely going up against them face-to-face might be cool. Yeah, I'll go with that...!)
[Background Change] bg_d001201
【Little Tsukasa】Hmm... This still doesn't feel right. But why...?
【Little Tsukasa】(This scene should be really cool because of how Bunny triumphs over those monsters with his friends after getting strong...)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_e000701
【Little Saki】I'm so glad Bunny was able to make so many friends after starting out as such a crybaby!
[Background Change] bg_d001201
【Little Tsukasa】Oh...
【Little Tsukasa】(Right. Bunny isn't just cool. He started out as a cowardly crybaby... Then...)
【Little Tsukasa】(Those monsters should terrify him, shouldn't they?)
【Little Tsukasa】(What if he gets mad and fights the monsters after his friends get hurt by them?)
【Little Tsukasa】*Nod* That'd make way more sense for Bunny since he's so kind and loves his friends!
【Little Tsukasa】Alright, I'll keep going with that in mind!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003401
【Tsukasa】(The story I made for Saki back then starring the bunny plushie ended up helping me a lot this time around.)
[Sound] bgm00024
【Tsukasa】(Everything I've experienced up until now can serve as a source of inspiration... Such is acting, I suppose.)
【Saki】Tsukasa...? You've gone all quiet...
【Tsukasa】Hm? Ah, sorry...
【Tsukasa】I was just thinking about how much you're always helping me, Saki!
【Saki】Huh?
【Tsukasa】I still have a lot to learn as an actor... But this show definitely helped me grow.
【Tsukasa】Watch, Saki, as I get closer and closer to achieving stardom!
【Saki】I dunno what you're talking about, but it sounds like something I did ended up helping you...
【Saki】Hehe. Which makes me really glad! Keep doing your best, Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】I will!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000101
[Sound] se00034_b
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Courtyard
【Tsukasa】“Ah, there is nothing like flowers growing by the side of the road...”
【Tsukasa】“These look like pansies. Their various colors, forms and aromas are wonderful.”
【Tsukasa】“And what do we have here growing in this flower bed...?”
【???】Huh? Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Hm?
[Sound] se00171_b
【Tsukasa】Oh, hello, everyone! Having lunch in the courtyard today?
【Toya】Yes, since it's so nice out. We decided to have lunch in the courtyard while getting some drinks.
【Toya】What were you doing just now, Tsukasa? It looked like you were talking to the flowers...
【Tsukasa】Ah, that? I was just getting into character for my next role!
【Mizuki】Your next role? For a show?
【Tsukasa】No, not for a show.
【Tsukasa】As it so happens, Wonderlands×Showtime is going to be in a feature film!
【Mizuki】What?! A film?!
【Toya】That's incredible news...! What's your character going to be like?
【Tsukasa】Okay, get ready. I'll be playing...
【Tsukasa】Young Man A, who squats while admiring flowers!!!
【Mizuki】Young Man A? Admiring flowers...?
【Akito】That sounds like...
【Tsukasa】Correct! We're going to be extras!
【Tsukasa】It may not be glamorous, but we nonetheless get to play people who live in this film's world.
【Tsukasa】And I'm getting into character because I plan on being the most believable flower-admiring man I can be!
【Toya】I see. As always, Tsukasa, I'm impressed by your work ethic. No matter the role, you're giving it everything you have.
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah hah! Yes, thank you!
【Akito】Giving it everything you have is fine and all... But to be honest, you looked more suspicious than usual just now...
【Mizuki】Yeah... I mean, you were smiling while talking to those flowers... Everyone started backing away from you...
【Toya】Still, you're practicing here at school. That's quite the dedication.
【Tsukasa】Oh, so... There's a reason why I'm practicing here at school...
【Mizuki】A reason?
【Tsukasa】Yes... The thing is, when I was given this role, I went outside to look for some flowers to practice with...
【Tsukasa】But every time I tried talking to some, the children in my neighborhood started giving me these strange looks...
【Tsukasa】I decided that it wasn't right of me to make them feel uncomfortable.
【Tsukasa】So, I'm practicing here at school where it shouldn't be a bother to anyone!
【Toya】Yes, I see.
【Akito】To be fair, you were still getting a lot of weird looks.
【Tsukasa】However, after getting a chance to look at all these flowers...
【Tsukasa】It's clear that the ones at school are much more robust than the ones in the park.
【Mizuki】Robust?
【Tsukasa】Yes. The flowers in the park are all very pretty, but the ones here at school...
【Tsukasa】They seem much more vibrant for some reason.
【Tsukasa】The leaves are this rich green color, and each petal seems to be brimming with life...
【Tsukasa】What if these are the ones that Rui and the other members of the greening committee have been looking after?!
【Toya】Oh, you may be right...!
【Akito】I just hope they aren't using any funny fertilizers...
【Mizuki】Haha... I mean, they seem pretty healthy, so there's probably nothing wrong with them... I hope...
【Toya】However, I have heard that certain dangerous insects like to hide in flower beds. Please try to keep that in mind, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Ah, Toya, I appreciate the concern! However, there is no need for you to worry!
【Tsukasa】Because... This bug spray here will keep me safe!
【Toya】You've come prepared. My concerns were misplaced.
【Tsukasa】No, your words still mean something.
【Tsukasa】And having others watch gives me the motivation I need to succeed... I can't help but feel even more excited about being in this film!
【Toya】I don't know much about filmmaking, but I wish you the best. You'll always have my support.
【Mizuki】Yeah, make it a double! I wanna go see it when it releases♪
【Tsukasa】Excellent. I'll let you all know when we hear about the release date. So, until then, stay tuned!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003801
[Caption] Beach
【Film Crew】That's all for this morning! We'll resume shooting after lunch!
【Tsukasa】Understood!
【Tsukasa】Phew... We managed to get through the morning in one piece.
【Nene】Yeah, I got pretty worried when it started raining. I was sure we were gonna get delayed because of it...
【Emu】But it cleared up really fast! And we get to have lunch pretty much right on time☆
【Tsukasa】However, because it didn't go as planned yesterday, we'll be doing the airport scene again this afternoon...
【Nene】Right... I hope things go better today...
【Tsukasa】At this point, all we can do is place our faith in Mr. Ohara and Rui.
【Tsukasa】And since we'll be switching locations... We need to somehow clean and pack everything up right after we finish having lunch.
【Tsukasa】Which means we may want to do that first and then eat.
【Film Crew】Hey, you guys, feel free to eat now! The rest of us will start cleaning and packing!
【Nene】Wait, are you sure...?
【Film Crew】Yeah, don't worry! Come help us once you've finished eating!
【Tsukasa】Understood! Thank you!
[Sound] se00227_b
[Sound] se00227_b
【Tsukasa】Well, if they're saying that it's okay... Then let's eat while we can.
【Emu】Okay☆ I can't wait to see what's for lunch today♪
【Tsukasa】Yes, me neither! And it's so nice how we get different choices each day.
【Tsukasa】Nene, weren't you in charge of laying them out today?
【Nene】Yeah, our choices today are...
【Nene】Sandwiches, Salisbury steak, seasoned rice and... Oh, there was also a barbeque lunch.
【Tsukasa】What?! Barbeque?! That sounds delicious!
【Tsukasa】It's just what I need to recharge my batteries for our shoot this afternoon!
【Emu】I might get the Salisbury steak♪ But I could really go for some sandwiches too...! Hmm... I can't choose!
【Nene】Relax... You haven't even had a chance to look at them yet.
【Tsukasa】While we're on the subject, is Rui remembering to get a lunch too? It's been quite a while since he went over to talk to Mr. Ohara...
【Nene】Oh, I think that's him over by that tent. It looks like he and Mr. Ohara are still talking...
【Emu】I actually just passed by there a second ago. You should've seen how wrinkled both their brows were...
【Tsukasa】I see. Which likely means that scene's still giving them trouble...
【Nene】To be fair, it is the climax.
【Tsukasa】But he must be pretty hungry after moving around all morning. Why don't we personally deliver his lunch to him?
【Emu】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00407_b
[Sound] se00407_b
【Emu】Wow☆ It always looks like we're having a feast!
[Sound] bgm00020
【Tsukasa】Yes, I was completely stunned when I first saw a tower of lunches stacked up like this, but it feels completely normal now.
【Nene】Yeah, I couldn't believe it either.
【Emu】Oh, Tsukasa! They have one barbeque lunch left!
【Tsukasa】What?! Just one?! I must secure it...!
【Emu】It says it's chock-full of meat! I bet you'll feel powered up after eating it☆
【Tsukasa】Agreed! It's just what I need to keep working hard this aftern—
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
【Tsukasa】(Powered up, huh...?)
【Nene】Is something wrong, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】No, um... If this lunch packs such a powerful punch...
【Tsukasa】Then, I feel like it should go to Rui instead of me.
【Nene】Yeah... His brain's gonna need fuel to come up with good ideas.
[Sound] bgm00180
【Emu】Right! This should help him do that, and I'm sure he's super duper hungry!
【Tsukasa】Exactly. So, let's go give this to Rui.
【Tsukasa】(Unfortunately, we can't do much to help with the scene in question...)
【Tsukasa】(But we can at least show our support for our friend.)
【Tsukasa】I'm worried for him as he works through this challenge...
【Tsukasa】But he's still the director of Wonderlands×Showtime! So, we should give him all the support we can!
【Emu】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
[Sound] se00173_b
【Tsukasa】Ah, that was an excellent performance!
【Nene】Yeah, I'm glad we saw it since I'd been meaning to go see that play.
【Tsukasa】I'm also glad. I didn't know what to do when I heard they'd immediately sold out of tickets. And then our friend from Shunmeiza said they'd give us some...
【Rui】Thank goodness it turned out that their friend is a member of the troupe we saw perform today. I suppose it speaks to the importance of networking.
【Emu】And the story was so good☆
【Emu】I loved how the protagonist didn't know he was a ghost while talking to his friends!
【Rui】Those around him knew that he'd become a ghost, which led to some comical misunderstandings during their conversations. The audience certainly seemed to have a nice laugh.
【Nene】I hadn't laughed that hard at a play in such a long time.
【Nene】But the scene when the protagonist departs into the afterlife was kinda sad.
【Emu】Oh, I felt the same way!
【Emu】The way he told his friends that they'd always been smiling before then, and how he wanted them to still be smiling when they said goodbye... It really made me tear up...
【Rui】Yes, that was a wonderful climax. The expression the protagonist made as he held back his tears felt so compelling.
【Rui】What did you think, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Me...? Yes, I also thought the final scene was very good.
【Tsukasa】Even the minor characters who were in that scene... They also gave excellent performances.
【Nene】The minor characters?
【Tsukasa】Yes. Remember how I also played a minor role during the play for newcomers? I put in quite a bit of effort for that.
【Tsukasa】So, I tried learning what I could by watching all the characters like that!
【Nene】I see.
【Tsukasa】But... I felt most drawn in by the protagonist's uncle.
【Nene】His uncle...? Oh, the person off to the side during the funeral and the final scene?
【Tsukasa】Yes. He didn't have all that many lines since he wasn't close with the protagonist...
【Tsukasa】But the expressions he made forced me to think about what he was feeling deep down.
【Rui】Deep down?
【Tsukasa】Yes. For example, when the protagonist departed into the afterlife...
【Tsukasa】Until that point, his uncle had been seeing him as a ghost. But then, right as the protagonist was about to disappear, he moved his foot forward ever so slightly.
【Tsukasa】And just for that split second, the look in the uncle's eyes changed. It almost felt like he was the protagonist's father...
【Nene】His father...?
【Tsukasa】That was the moment I realized just how much the protagonist meant to him.
【Tsukasa】There may've been a time when he really did feel like a son. When he was little, the protagonist might've spent a lot of time playing with his dear uncle.
【Tsukasa】Of course, this is just my imagination talking. None of these things were depicted during the show...
【Rui】I see... The acting performance put on by that minor character's actor made you think about his backstory.
【Tsukasa】Yes, because he added so much depth to the story without speaking. And he did so without negatively impacting the rest of the scene...
【Tsukasa】It seemed like a good example to refer to while I try to work on thinking about the performance as a whole while maintaining my fervent passion for acting.
【Rui】I see.
【Rui】I didn't realize how educational this was for you.
【Tsukasa】It was. And we need to once more thank the person who gave us these tickets!
【Nene】Right.
【Tsukasa】Still, in the end, I couldn't help but see how the entire audience was smiling after it was all over.
【Rui】Me too. I suppose it's only natural since it included quite a lot of comedic elements...
【Rui】And it was clear that the cast wanted to send the audience home smiling, which they succeeded in doing.
【Emu】I felt that too! It's like they were all doing everything they could to make the audience smile and laugh!
【Emu】Plus, the way the whole cast was smiling in the end made me really happy♪
【Tsukasa】Me too. It made me want to do the same...
【Tsukasa】And we'll need to keep doing our best in order to make that happen!
【Tsukasa】(I want to make people all over the world smile.)
【Tsukasa】(That feeling hasn't changed whatsoever.)
【Tsukasa】(But I'll need to keep training to accomplish that goal.)
【Tsukasa】(We're getting to work with Shunmeiza now, but I want to do more. No matter how hard things get, I need to do everything I can...)
【Tsukasa】(I'll get closer to my dream one step at a time.)
【Tsukasa】(And someday, I'll be a star who can bring smiles to people all around the world!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d002501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
[Caption] Harbor
【Tsukasa】Ah, I knew that coming over to SEKAI for my run was a good idea...
【Tsukasa】But this bustling city! This vast sea!
【Tsukasa】This is just the breath of fresh air I was looking for. My run is going to feel incredible now!
【Tsukasa】Hm? That looks like.
【Tsukasa】Yes, it's KAITO and Len. Hello!
【KAITO】Huh?
【Len】Oh! Hey, Tsukasa!
[Sound] se_run_men_001_1
【KAITO】Hello. We didn't realize you were here.
【Tsukasa】Yes, I'm here for my daily run, but I decided to go somewhere new and different today.
【Tsukasa】What were you two doing? You seem to have come this way from the city...
【Len】We were actually just about to check out something that we've been meaning to!
【Tsukasa】Check something out?
【Len】Yeah! Here, this is the map showing how to get to Star Island!
【KAITO】We were wondering if climbing up somewhere high would allow us to see the island. We gave it a try and...
【Len】We couldn't see it at all...
【Tsukasa】I see... That's unfortunate.
【Tsukasa】However, it's not the end of the world!
【Tsukasa】I'm going to keep growing as an actor, cross that sea and take you to Star Island, Len!
【Len】You will? Thanks, Tsukasa! I can't wait!
【KAITO】Still, getting this map back ended up being quite an ordeal.
【Tsukasa】Yes. We thought it got blown away, but it was really taken by that phoenix, and then we had to run around SEKAI to find it...
【Tsukasa】We just somehow managed to get it back in the end, but it took an enormous amount of effort.
【Len】Hehe. But it also felt like a big adventure, which made it fun!
【Len】Plus, Tsukasa, how you got it back was super duper cool!
【Tsukasa】It was?
【Len】Yeah, because you and Rion were so determined! And when you guys actually managed to actually touch that phoenix!
【Len】I thought that was really cool... You guys did your absolute best!
【Tsukasa】Heh heh heh... Yes, I imagine we looked very cool that time! You were all moved by our bravery, yes?!
【KAITO】Haha. Yes, and...
【KAITO】I thought the way you encouraged Rion to keep trying when he was feeling very down was heroic.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】The way I encouraged him...?
[Sound] se00053_b
【Tsukasa】Trust me, Rion. I guarantee that those feelings will help you succeed.
【Tsukasa】Don't run from them. Accept your current situation and keep pushing forward...
【Tsukasa】If you do so, your dream will come true!!
【Tsukasa】(That time...?)
【Tsukasa】In that moment, Rion looked somewhat like my old self.
【Len】Your old self?
【Tsukasa】Yes. Throughout all the shows we've done up to this point, I've been shown numerous times just how painfully far away I am from making my dream come true.
[Sound] bgm00039
【Tsukasa】And when we did “The Happy Phoenix”... A thought crossed my mind.
【Tsukasa】That my dream might never come true.
【KAITO】Tsukasa...
【Tsukasa】Rion was ready to give on his dream of flying with that phoenix. Just as I was ready to give up on my dream.
【Tsukasa】But that's also why I think I was able to get through to him.
【Tsukasa】He understood that it's important to not give up. To endure any pain and suffering...
【KAITO】Right.
【Len】Do you think he'll actually get to fly with that phoenix?
【Tsukasa】Who knows? I honestly can't say...
【Tsukasa】But the important thing is to keep believing! As long as he doesn't give up on his dream, it will come true someday!
【Tsukasa】Plus, he's in possession of that phoenix feather now.
【KAITO】You gave it to him, yes?
【Tsukasa】Yes, because it should help him get through the tough times as he tried to make his dream come true moving forward!
【Tsukasa】Every time he looks at that feather, he'll feel encouraged since it's going to remind him of the emotions behind his dream!
【Tsukasa】But I've been talking for long enough...! Because I have to work just as hard as Rion to make my dream come true!
【Tsukasa】So... I'll be doing my run now!
【Len】Alright, have fun!
【KAITO】Have a good run, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Thank you, I will!
【Tsukasa】Now, I'll start with three laps of the harbor! *Roar*
[Sound] se00349_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Tsukasa】Today's practice was quite intriguing as well! In particular, I learned a lot from the improv exercise employing complex sets of emotions.
【Emu】Yeah☆ And it was super fun how we got to draw lots to decide which emotions to put together♪
【Nene】The rule saying you couldn't have the same interpretation as anyone with the same combination of emotions made it a really worthwhile exercise.
【Rui】In that sense, it was also very telling of one's level of regular input and the breadth of one's repertoire.
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_1
[Sound] se_walk_men_001_2
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_2
[Sound] se_walk_men_001_1
【Tsukasa】Oh, we've reached the station already.
【Nene】Emu and I are gonna do some shopping after this, but what about you two?
【Rui】I'll be going home to continue working on my latest drone.
【Tsukasa】I'm going home as well, so I can get solo practice in. You two enjoy yourselves!
【Emu】Yup☆ Okay, see ya tomorrow!
【Tsukasa】Indeed, see you tomorrow!
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_1
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_2
【Rui】Then, I'll be—
【Tsukasa】Ah, Rui. Do you have a moment? I'd appreciate your advice on something.
【Rui】My advice?
【Tsukasa】Yes. There's something I've been trying out to achieve one of my personal goals, but it doesn't feel effective.
【Rui】One of your goals... Do you mean the task you were given? “Think about the play as a whole while maintaining your fervent passion for acting”?
【Tsukasa】Not that one... That is another important goal for me, but...
【Tsukasa】I'm talking about the ability to come up with a story for my characters in order to deepen my understanding of them.
【Tsukasa】That needs to be deliberately developed over a long time span.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_d002401
【Shunmeiza Director】Your acting has a way of tugging at your audience's heartstrings. You have the potential to become a great actor... That's my belief.
【Shunmeiza Director】However, there's the other side of that coin.
【Shunmeiza Director】It appears that, unless you have a part that involves dramatic emotional shifts, your acting becomes mediocre.
[Background Change] bg_a003401
【Reki】In order to remedy my loneliness, I started making up people for me to talk to.
【Reki】I first thought it'd be good to talk to characters from stories, so I started with books...
【Reki】From Sindbad to Alice, I talked to so many people...and even to some characters who weren't people.
[Background Change] bg_a002301
【Tsukasa】Developing an imagination on par with Bakuno's, and considering the story of a person's life...
【Tsukasa】As a first step, I've been trying to read novels with a more philosophical leaning than I'm used to...
【Tsukasa】But my mind hasn't been able to properly process the characters and their vastly differing values and ways of seeing the world.
【Tsukasa】And the depictions of characters' motivations feel quite nuanced and complex... As I'm reading, I find myself stopping to wonder why a character is acting a certain way.
【Rui】Hm... First, understanding someone with differing values from yourself is difficult even in one's real life. I believe that will require a slow and steady approach.
【Rui】As for the depictions of characters' motivations, I would chalk some of this up to you not being used to the genre, but...
【Rui】I think you may be finding it hard to process all the extra information that comes with more realistic characters.
【Tsukasa】Ah... That's a good point, since I've been thinking about each character's place in the world and their upbringing rather than focusing on what they're feeling in one particular scene.
【Rui】How about attempting an in-depth test run on a story that's a little more simple?
【Tsukasa】Something simple?
【Rui】Yes. Something with plenty of space between each line and only the minimum level of description required, but with pictures included to make it easy to fill in the blanks with your imagination...
【Rui】That is to say, a picture book.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000601
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] Tsukasa's Room
【Tsukasa】I believe I had it put away here...
[Sound] se00055_b
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a002301
【Rui】If you want to process vast amounts of information, you must first become adept at organizing it.
【Rui】A picture book is not likely to include personalities as complex as a philosophical novel, so it should make for the perfect way to practice your processing.
【Rui】As you just mentioned yourself, this is a long-term endeavor. I'm sure you'll find a method that works for you sooner or later...
【Rui】So until then, try to tackle this with patience, discipline and attention to detail.
[Background Change] bg_d000601
【Tsukasa】(It's just as Rui said. Rather than jumping to the advanced levels right off the bat, I must take one calculated step at a time.)
【Tsukasa】And to that end... Ah, here it is!
[Sound] se00055_b
【Tsukasa】“Our Way Home”... I never imagined I'd be reading this again.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_e000701
[Background Change] bg_d000601
【Tsukasa】It's quite nostalgic... The last time must have been when I read it to Saki back then.
【Tsukasa】(The protagonist is a boy in elementary school who has a little sister.)
[Sound] se00383_b
【Tsukasa】(One of the girls in his grade lives next door, and the three of them were great friends...)
【Tsukasa】(But then, the girl suddenly moves away to a neighboring town, leaving the younger sister quite depressed.)
[Sound] se00383_b
【Tsukasa】(In an attempt to help her feel better, the protagonist tries to draw up a map between their house and the girl's...)
【Tsukasa】I always thought to myself, “Now this is what an older brother should be!”
【Tsukasa】However, in the payoff moment when they manage to reach the girl's house, the protagonist is drawn with his back to the reader, and we barely see how he feels...
[Sound] se00383_b
【Tsukasa】The only hint is his younger sister's line, “Your face looks all weird!”
【Tsukasa】Back when I read this to Saki, I did wonder to myself about what face he was making...
【Tsukasa】And now may just be the time to find the answer!
【Tsukasa】Right! First, I'll reread it in its entirety, then...
[Sound] se00092_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Gah, what's going on?! My phone is flashing...
[Background Change] bg_d000402
[Sound] bgm_area00004
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Tsukasa】Wait, now I'm in SEKAI!
【Tsukasa】Untitled is... Hm, it says it's playing. Is this because of that strange light?
【Tsukasa】My stars, why does this need to happen just when I was getting focused?
【Tsukasa】At any rate, I need to hurry back and discover the true meaning of this “weird face”...
[Sound] se00092_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Ah! This light!
[Sound] se_run_men_001_1
【Tsukasa】Here it is! So this ball must be the source of the glow!
【Tsukasa】Could this also be responsible for bringing me here?
【Tsukasa】No, I have to be overthinking... I'm sure it's just a prop the plushies forgot to put away.
【Tsukasa】Oh well, I suppose I'll go return this first.
[Sound] se00055_b
[Sound] se00092_b
【Tsukasa】What?! It's flashing again!
【Tsukasa】Gah, it's so bright...!!!
[Background Change] bg_d002601
[Caption] ???
【Tsukasa】Wh-What is this place...?
【Tsukasa】Hahaha. Have I drifted off to dreamland yet again?
[Sound] se00118_b
【Tsukasa】Owowowowow!
【Tsukasa】Th-This pain in my cheek... This is no dream!
【Tsukasa】Actually, these streets are giving me déjà vu... Where have I seen them before?
【Tsukasa】Hm?
【Girl】Come on, hurry up!
[Sound] se_run_women_001_1
【Tsukasa】..! Look out!
【Girl】Wah...!
[Sound] se00052_b
【Tsukasa】Phew... You really shouldn't jump out into the street like that. You almost got hit by that bicycle.
【Girl】I'm sorry...
【Tsukasa】(This girl seems familiar...)
【Tsukasa】(That's it! She reminds me of Megu, the younger sister from “Our Way Home”...!)
【Boy】Megu!
[Sound] se_run_men_001_1
【Boy】I told you not to go off by yourself, didn't I? And you need to watch where you're going...
【Megu】But you were taking so long.
【Boy】Can you blame me? I had to draw up a map of our route so far.
【Tsukasa】(If this girl is Megu, could the boy be...?)
【Boy】Um, I apologize for my sister. She keeps getting ahead of me since she wants to hurry to our friend's house.
【Tsukasa】No need, I'm glad she wasn't hurt.
【Tsukasa】Is that friend's house close by?
【Boy】Um... It's pretty far... I think. I know the address, but I'm not sure how to get there...
【Tsukasa】(As I thought... He's Hiro, the protagonist of that picture book.)
【Tsukasa】(I haven't the slightest as to how on earth I've been put in this situation...)
【Tsukasa】(But if I am inside that book, joining them on their journey may allow me to see Hiro's hidden expression for myself.)
【Tsukasa】You appear to be in a bind. In that case, I shall accompany you!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Hiro】Huh? B-But...
【Tsukasa】I have a little sister as well, you see. I'd like to assist you in what you're doing for yours.
【Hiro】You have a sister?
【Tsukasa】Indeed. My sister's name is Saki, and she's just as cheerful and energetic as your sister!
【Tsukasa】Let me help you, as a fellow older brother!
【Hiro】You really don't mind?
【Tsukasa】Not at all!
【Hiro】Thank you...!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】(I said I would help, but if I do too much, it would probably interfere with the story...)
【Tsukasa】(In the story, Hiro is able to reach his friend's new home under his own power...)
【Tsukasa】(Then, I shall have faith as I watch over him, and only interfere when necessary!)
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_1
[Sound] se_walk_men_001_1
[Sound] se_walk_men_001_2
【Tsukasa】(I told myself I'd have faith, but...)
【Hiro】...
【Megu】...
【Tsukasa】(They're both quite exhausted. Megu looks like she could drift off to sleep any moment.)
[Sound] bgm00170
【Tsukasa】(I suppose it's no surprise... We've been making wrong turns and backtracking over and over for about an hour.)
【Megu】Hiro...
【Hiro】Huh?
【Megu】Up...
【Tsukasa】(He's already given her a piggyback ride several times now, but...)
【Hiro】... Okay, sure. Get on, Megu.
【Tsukasa】(Yes... That's just the kind of person you are.)
【Tsukasa】(Up to this point, every wrong turn, every development, has gone according to the book.)
【Tsukasa】(I'm sure that if this continues, I'll get to see that “weird face” I've wondered about...)
【Hiro】Hup... H-Huh...?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】(He got her on his back, but it seems he no longer has the strength to stand back up.)
【Tsukasa】(If I recall what happened in the book, he forces himself to stand regardless, then falls and hurts himself...)
【Hiro】One more time...
【Tsukasa】Hiro, I'll carry Megu.
【Hiro】Oh, but...
【Tsukasa】Leave this to me. I'm still full of energy!
【Tsukasa】See, look at this! I'm so overflowing with energy, my legs just started dancing by themselves!
【Tsukasa】Haaaaaaaaah!!!
【Hiro】Whoa...!
【Hiro】Hehe... Hahaha...! That's supposed to be a dance? You look so silly!
【Tsukasa】I told you I want to help you, didn't I?
[Sound] bgm00175
【Tsukasa】So, leave Megu to me, and focus on finding your way.
【Hiro】Okay...!
【Tsukasa】(I'm sure he'll figure it out. He'll realize we're very close to our destination...)
【Hiro】Um, Fu's new house is on 5th, so...
【Hiro】Oh, look! That pole has a sign saying this is 5th! And the number after it is the same too!
【Tsukasa】Ah, you're right! Well done, Hiro!
[Background Change] bg_s000299
【Tsukasa】It's just a bit further to Fu's house. Can you hang in there?
【Hiro】Yeah!
【Tsukasa】Great, then let's depart!
【Tsukasa】(This was the right choice. I couldn't force him to keep that distressed look on his face any longer.)
【Tsukasa】(Even if it means I can't see that “weird face”, I'll have no regrets.)
【Tsukasa】(I'll stop thinking about all that and just make sure I get them reunited with their dear friend.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000402
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Tsukasa】I'm glad we made it.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_d002601
【Fu】Megu, Hiro! You really came to see me?!
【Megu】Yeah! Hiro worked his hardest to find your house!
【Hiro】...
【Megu】Huh? Hiro?
【Hiro】...
【Megu】...? Your face looks all weird!
【Tsukasa】(I see... There was really no need to look.)
【Tsukasa】You've done well, Hiro. In this moment, you're the coolest older brother in the world.
【Tsukasa】So, save those tears for just a little longer. Your friend and your little sister are looking at you.
【Hiro】*Sniffle* Yeah...!
【Tsukasa】Good! Now, go forth with pride in your heart!
[Background Change] bg_d000402
【Tsukasa】(A “weird face”, is it...)
【Tsukasa】(Perhaps Megu was unfamiliar with that expression precisely because she's his little sister.)
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_1
【Miku】Huuuh? It's Tsukasa☆
【Miku】So were you the one visiting that fragment SEKAI?
[Sound] bgm00024
【Tsukasa】Fragment SEKAI? What is that?
【Miku】Ummm, did you maybe pick up a round ball thingy?
【Tsukasa】Ah, yes, I did! Though I seem to have lost it at some point...
【Miku】I knew it! So, that's called a fragment of a feeling♪
【Miku】I bet it got drawn here by your feelings that make up this SEKAI, Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】A fragment of a feeling...
【Miku】Yup☆ When you pick one up, it lets you get in touch with the feeling it came from!
【Tsukasa】So, that means that place just now was another SEKAI formed from a fragment of a feeling...
【Miku】But it turns back into a plain old fragment when enough time passes.
【Tsukasa】So that's what happened...
【Miku】Oh! Wait, was it a scary SEKAI or something?!
【Tsukasa】No, not at all.
【Tsukasa】In fact, I'm grateful for it! Because I went there, I was able to find the answer I was hoping for.
【Miku】Really?! Hehehe, that's great then♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000306
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Empty Classroom
【Tsukasa】So, my hall monitor friends! Let us give next week's dress code checks our utmost effort!
【Tsukasa】We can right everyone's uniform wrongs and help create a virtuous environment here at Kamiyama High!
[Sound] se00306_b
【Hall Monitors】Agreed! Let's do our best!
【Tsukasa】Ahem. That is all from future star and protector of our school environment, Tsukasa Tenma!
【Tsukasa】I thank you all for joining me during your valuable lunch break. Please, everyone, go enjoy your lunches.
【Hall Monitors】Thank you!
【Tsukasa】(Yes, that was a fine speech, if I do say so myself. It appears everyone is more motivated to uphold the rules now.)
【Tsukasa】(Having something to look forward to truly does put you in good shape! Today should be a good day!)
【Hall Monitor A】You seem to be in a cheery mood, Tenma. Did something good happen?
【Tsukasa】Not yet, but it's going to!
【Tsukasa】You see, today is the day this future star was born! Tsukasa Tenma's birthday!
【Hall Monitor A】Whoa! It's your birthday?!
【Tsukasa】Indeed. And for a while now, my dearest sister has been enthusiastically planning my celebration.
【Tsukasa】So, my heart has been dancing with anticipation all morning.
【Hall Monitor A】It sounds like she cares for you very much. That should be something to look forward to.
【Hall Monitor B】And hey, happy birthday!
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah! Thank you! I couldn't be happier to be receiving such warm wishes from my hall monitor colleagues.
【Tsukasa】I would love to have a lively chat about the occasion, but shouldn't you all be heading off to lunch before the break ends?
【Hall Monitor A】Oh, you're right. Thanks again, Tenma. We'll be off to lunch!
【Hall Monitors】Thank you!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000501
【Tsukasa】Now then, I should be getting to lunch myself. The weather's nice today. Perhaps I should go outside to...
[Sound] bgm00006
【An】Oh! Perfect, Tenma, you're here!
【Tsukasa】Hm...? Ah, Shiraishi. What do you mean by that?
【An】Look! Over there, don't you see it?!
【Tsukasa】Over there...?
【Tsukasa】Hm? That ridiculously out-of-place object on the ground...
【Tsukasa】Is that one of Rui's robots?
【An】S-Sure is weird how it's just sitting there, isn't it? Pretty mysterious...
【Tsukasa】I can't imagine Rui being so neglectful of a tool he uses in shows...
【Tsukasa】But that's neither here nor there. I appreciate you letting me know, Shiraishi.
【An】O-Of course...
【Tsukasa】I'll get it off the ground and bring it to... Hm? It's moving?!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】H-Hey! Wait! Where are you going?! More importantly, don't run in the corridor!
[Sound] se00453_b
[Background Change] bg_a000701
[Caption] Rooftop
[Sound] se00045_b
【Tsukasa】Grr... Where did it go? I saw it on its way to the roof...
[Sound] se00009_b
【Tsukasa】What?!
【???】Happy birthday. Happy birthday!
【Tsukasa】A-All of you...
【Rui】Hehe. So... Can we call this surprise a huge success?
[Sound] bgm00190
【Nene】I told you. There was no chance Tsukasa wouldn't fall for this.
【An】Nuh-uh, this was all because I brought him right here!
【Akito】I'm impressed you can be proud of that awkward acting...
【Mizuki】Hahaha, sorry, Tsukasa! This has all been our birthday surprise!
【Toya】We apologize for startling you.
【Tsukasa】Y-Yes, I never imagined... To think you all prepared this surprise just for me!
【Tsukasa】Ahh, I couldn't be happier to be blessed with such wonderful friends! Thank you!
【Nene】*Sigh* You're always so overdramatic.
【Mizuki】C'mon, let's eat instead of just standing around talking. How's about we have a birthday luncheon?!
【An】Sounds great! Let's grab our lunches and gather back here! You too, Tenma!
【Tsukasa】Yes, I'll bring it right away! That said, nobody get any ideas about running in the corridor, understood?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00171
【Tsukasa】What?! You were planning my surprise that far in advance?
【Rui】Yes, at Aoyagi's request.
【Toya】That's right. I was asking around a bit... I wondered what sort of gift would befit you.
【Mizuki】And we figured, if we wanna celebrate, we should put a surprise together.
【Akito】I don't remember ever agreeing to it, but at some point that was just the way things were going...
【Tsukasa】Is that so...!
【An】Hey, Toya, don't you think you should hand over his present right about now?
【Toya】Ah, of course. Thank you all again for helping taste test.
【Tsukasa】Taste test...? What did you make, Toya?
【Toya】Here. I made these...
[Sound] se00055_b
【Tsukasa】Wow! These are cupcakes, if my eyes don't deceive me!
【Toya】I recall you enjoyed them last time.
【Toya】It's rather dull of me to make the same thing again, but I couldn't see any other treats coming out well.
【Tsukasa】I'm sure you would've done just fine! And let me just say, these look even better than the ones you made before!
【Tsukasa】They look quite extravagant, and I can tell you put a lot into them. They all look delicious!
【Toya】It's thanks to everyone's advice. I particularly appreciated getting detailed input from Akito with regards to the flavor.
【Akito】That was nothing. You asked what I thought, so I told you.
【Tsukasa】You mean to say everyone put a lot of thought and care into these cupcakes... There are plenty to go around, so let's have them together in celebration!
【An】Woohoo! Thank you very much!
【Mizuki】I can't wait to have some of Toya's homemade treats♪
【Rui】Oh, I know. Would you open your gift from me once we're finished eating?
【Tsukasa】Ah, so you brought something as well, Rui!
【Rui】I brought a new piece of stage equipment. I hope you'll like it.
【Tsukasa】New...
【Nene】Stage equipment...
【Nene】Wait a second. I didn't hear anything about that gift.
【Tsukasa】It had better not be one of your contraptions that explodes! An explosion is the last thing I need on my birthday!
【Rui】Oh? I felt that something extravagant and memorable would be fitting for the occasion...
【Tsukasa】So it is going to explode!!!
【An, Toya & Mizuki】Hahaha! Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d001202
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
【Saki】Happy birthday, Tsukasa♪
【Father & Mother】Happy birthday!
【Tsukasa】Yes, thank you!
【Saki】So, today... I made you a special dish!
【Tsukasa】Ahh, I could tell you were preparing something, but to think it was food...!
【Tsukasa】Getting to eat my dearest sister's home cooking on my birthday... I... I...!
【Saki】Oh, Tsukasa. Don't start crying before I even bring it out!
【Tsukasa】I-I apologize. I couldn't stop the emotions from welling up...!
【Tsukasa】So, what is it that you've made?
【Saki】Hehehe, well... Ta-daaa!
【Tsukasa】Wh-What?! This is...!
【Tsukasa】This aroma that tickles the nose and rouses the appetite...! The way the pork and onions give off this caramel brown glow...!
【Tsukasa】This is ginger fried pork, is it not?!
【Saki】Yup, your favorite!
【Mother】Hehe. She's been getting practice in whenever you weren't around.
【Father】And I've been giving lots of assistance as a taste tester.
【Tsukasa】Wh?! You ate Saki's ginger fried pork before I could! That isn't fair, Dad!
【Saki】Hehe. I think today's is my best yet, so get those hopes up♪
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saki】Okay, Tsukasa, here you go!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Tsukasa】Thank you. Now then, I'll take a bite...!
[Sound] se00166_b
【Saki】H-How is it?
【Tsukasa】Delicious! Far too delicious!
【Tsukasa】Gaaah! The more I taste, the more tears come out! It would be no exaggeration to call this the world's best ginger fried pork!
【Saki】Oh, Tsukasa. You're always so over-the-top.
【Mother】Hehe. It's great that he's enjoying it.
【Father】I think it's about time your mom and I had some of this world-class ginger fried pork too.
【Saki】Yeah! Go on, eat up!
【Saki】Oh, that reminds me! Hey, Tsukasa!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Hm? What is it?
【Saki】Well, I recorded some birthday messages for you! Wanna watch them, maybe once we're done eating?
【Tsukasa】Ah, how exciting! Please show me!
[Background Change] bg_a002201
【Ichika】<Happy birthday, Tsukasa!>
[Sound] bgm00190
【Shiho & Honami】<Happy birthday!>
【Ichika】<Saki's always telling us about how hard you're working to achieve your dream.>
【Honami】<You've been visiting different troupes and training with them, yes?>
【Shiho】<I remember hearing you were part of a film shoot a little bit ago.>
【Honami】<I'm sure you'll face some difficulties, but with how sincere you are, I believe that you can make your dream come true.>
【Ichika】<We'll be cheering you on in the hopes that you'll get closer to that goal this year.>
【Saki's Voice】And that was your message from Ichi and the girls!
【Tsukasa's Voice】I need to thank them later! I couldn't be happier to receive such heartfelt words.
【Saki's Voice】I know, right? But... You still haven't seen the special guests!
【Tsukasa's Voice】Special guests?
【Emu】<Tsukasa! Happy wonderhoy birthday!>
【Kohane】<W-Wonderhoy...!>
【Emu】<You're just gonna keep leveling up from today on! I can't wait to watch you turn into a shinier and shinier star!>
【Emu】<Let's keep bringing lots of energy and do our best☆>
【Kohane】<U-Um... I'm always cheering for you all as your number one fan.>
【Kohane】<It's a shame I can't see you perform for a while, but I'm looking forward to the day you return from your training even closer to achieving your dreams. P-Please do your best...!>
【Shizuku】<Oh, birthday messages are such a wonderful idea.>
【Shizuku】<Are you watching, Tsukasa? Happy birthday.>
【Minori】<Um, uhh, I hope you have a very happy birthday!>
【Minori】<You helped me with dancing! And gave me a push when I was feeling nervous too!>
【Minori】<You're always so helpful... Thank you so, so much!>
【Airi】<Hold on, you two. You can't just say whatever comes to mind. We're making a video message, so we really should have more of a plan or something... Oh well, I guess this is fine.>
【Airi】<Happy birthday, Tenma. I had a lot of fun sightseeing with you on the school trip.>
【Airi】<Us idols and you the actor, we're all pursuing a dream! Let's give it our all, okay?>
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d001202
【Saki】And that was the last of the messages... Wait, Tsukasa, are you crying?!
【Tsukasa】I'm sorry! Their messages were full of so much warmth that I feel hot water dripping from my eyes...!
【Saki】Hahaha! I'll send you the video later, so watch it as many times as you want!
[Background Change] bg_d000603
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Tsukasa's Room
【Tsukasa】I had a feeling this would be a good day, but I had no idea it would be this great.
【Tsukasa】And it's all thanks to the people who gave me their birthday wishes. I need to formally express my gratitude...
【???】<Tsukasa, Tsukasa!>
【Tsukasa】Hm?
【???】<Can you talk right now?>
【Tsukasa】Ah, Miku, it's you. I can, but what brings you here?
[Sound] se00028
【Miku】<Hehe, so, I want you to come to SEKAI... Can you do that?>
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】To SEKAI?
[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Sound] bgm_area00004
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Miku】Everybody! Tsukasa's heeere!
【Tsukasa】What? What's going on?
【Emu】Everything's ready over here!
【Tsukasa】Emu? Wait, Rui and Nene too? What are you all gathered here for?
【Rui】Hehe. When something you're unaware of starts to unfold on your birthday, most people would call that a “surprise.”
【Nene】Miku and the others want to celebrate your birthday. So, we've been helping them out.
【Tsukasa】M-My stars...!
【KAITO】So, today... This special birthday show is our gift to you.
【MEIKO】We snuck lots of practice in for today, so enjoy to your heart's content!
【Len】We've been itching to put on this show for you!
【Rin】Okay, c'mon, sit! Our exciting show is about to start☆
【Tsukasa】Everyone...
【Tsukasa】Thank you! I'll fully indulge in this gesture you've all prepared!
【Tsukasa】... This really is a great day!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000310
[Sound] bgm00241
【Saki】Happy birthday, Tsukasa!!!
【Ichika】Saki's really happy about you liking her ginger fried pork. I can picture you savoring the flavor now.
【Honami】She was still worried it might not turn out on the day of your birthday, so I was glad to hear that it went over well.
【Shiho】We did tell her there's no chance you wouldn't like something she made, though.
【Saki】But I wanted him to really think it was delicious! Don't worry, Tsukasa, I'll make it for you again another day!
【Toya】Happy birthday. I'm happy that you enjoyed our surprise despite how much it startled you.
【Mizuki】And it was fun all eating lunch together like that! The air has this fun energy to it whenever you're around, like we never run out of stuff to talk about!
【Akito】Yeah, enough energy to earn us some stares from the group that came up later... Well, that sorta thing's not bad once in a while.
【Kohane】So you all surprised Tsukasa for his birthday... That sounds so fun.
【An】I heard you guys at Miya Girls recorded video messages! Hey, Kohane, what did yours say?
【Kohane】Huh? Th-That's a secret. It's embarrassing to say.
【Airi】Happy birthday, Tenma! It's good to know you liked your birthday messages!
【Minori】*Sob* I don't think I had anything good to say since I was so nervous... Sh-Should I ask for a retake?!
【Shizuku】Hehe. You did your very best to offer him your thanks, Minori. I'm sure that reached him.
【Airi】Still, he and Saki must be close for her to collect video messages for him. That's so nice.
【Shizuku】They've been that way ever since they were little. I hope you'll always be such a kind and cheerful brother for Saki, Tsukasa.
【Mafuyu】Happy birthday, Tenma. Otori was very excited about planning a surprise for that evening, so I'm sure you had a fun day.
【Mafuyu】I wish you a good year ahead as well.
【Emu】Tsukasaaa! Happy birthday...wonderhoy♪
【Rui】It's such a shame I didn't get to test out my new special effects before the lunch break ended. I was sure they would be to your liking...
【Nene】Maybe you didn't get to test it on his birthday, but you're still going to one of these days, right?
【Rui】Of course. This is something very special I devised just to help our troupe leader shine.
【Nene】Shining sounds fine... I just hope it doesn't involve explosions.
【Emu】Hehehe, I can't wait to see sparkly Tsukasa☆ Let's keep bringing more joy as Wonderlands×Showtime! We'll be counting on you, Tsukasa!
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【Tsukasa】Everyone! Thank you for celebrating my birthday with me!
【Tsukasa】This soaring pegasus will shine ever brighter for the blessings he's received!
【Tsukasa】And with this light you've given me, I promise to make your smiles even more vibrant!
【Tsukasa】Wonderlands×Showtime and Tsukasa Tenma, future star! Please keep an eye on where we go from here!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003401
[Caption] Nonogi Park
[Sound] se00741
【Tsukasa】*Roar*
【Kijima】Hey, that's pretty fast!
【Kijima】But pulling tires isn't just about trying to run as fast as you possibly can. This is about using every muscle you can as well as strengthening them.
【Kijima】So, focus on your form! Think about how you're going to propel yourself forward and remember what you do!
【Kijima】Use your body the right way!
[Sound] se00741
【Emu】Okay!
【Rui】Huff... Huff...! This is...
【Nene】R-Rough... M-My legs... I can't move them...
【Tsukasa】(Pulling these tires... Even just one feels incredibly heavy...! I'm struggling to move forward...!)
【Kijima】Alright, just six more laps!
【Everyone】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00170
[Caption] Several dozen minutes later
【Tsukasa】Huff... Huff...
【Kijima】Good job, everyone. You made it through.
【Nene】Thank you...
【Rui】This certainly seems like a good way to put on more muscle...
【Kijima】However, as I mentioned earlier, all of you became so caught up in pulling the tires that you forgot what this exercise was actually about...
【Kijima】The goal is not to pull as fast as you can, but to figure out the best way to use your muscles.
【Kijima】The next time you find yourself doing some heavy lifting like this, don't hesitate to take it slow. Understand how your body is reacting and how to make use of your center of gravity.
【Kijima】For example, just during this exercise, did you notice how much easier it was for you to produce power when you got down low?
【Tsukasa】Yes... I got that sense partway through.
【Tsukasa】(I didn't realize what I was actually doing at first, but my body just seemed to naturally bend lower and lower...)
【Tsukasa】(If exercises like these will help me learn how to control all the muscles in my body, then...!)
【Tsukasa】Mr. Kijima!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】I'd like to do another set with those tires! This time, I'd like to try pulling more!
【Emu】What?! Are you sure, Tsukasa?!
【Kijima】Another set?
【Tsukasa】Yes!
【Tsukasa】I want to become a star...
【Tsukasa】And in order to make that dream come true, I'd like to do absolutely everything I can right now!
【Kijima】Hmm...
【Kijima】You want to become stronger in order to achieve your goals. I know that feeling all too well.
【Kijima】That being said, trying to pull more tires than you can handle may lead to you hurting your legs and posture. I really wouldn't recommend doing this...
【Kijima】Still... If you're that determined to do another set, then I'll allow it!
【Tsukasa】...! Does that mean...?
【Kijima】Let's do another set right now! Start with one lap and try working your way up to three if you're feeling good. How does that sound?
【Tsukasa】Thank you very much... I really appreciate it!
【Kijima】Alright, start! You chase after me as I run!
[Sound] se00741
【Tsukasa】(Hnng...! So heavy! But it is just that much more weight...!)
[Sound] bgm00053
【Tsukasa】(Obviously, I'm absolutely struggling to move my legs...!)
【Tsukasa】(No, calm down...! He just told you that going fast doesn't matter!)
【Tsukasa】(Think about your entire body. Think about what muscles you need to use in order to move forward. Then, go!)
【Tsukasa】(Wait, if I lower my center of gravity too much, then I'm going to end up in a funny stance...)
【Tsukasa】(Mr. Kijima isn't actually leaning forward all that much... Is he making it so he can keep his legs vertical despite all this weight? I'll try copying him...!)
[Sound] se00741
【Tsukasa】(Oh, this makes things much easier... I feel like I can sort of run now. Alright, I'll keep going and...!)
[Sound] se00741
【Tsukasa】(That's one lap!)
【Kijima】Oh, you're really getting the hang of this. Alright, Tenma, give me two more laps! Don't give up!
【Tsukasa】Okay! I can keep going...!
[Sound] se00741
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Huff... Huff... Huff...
【Rui】Nice work, Tsukasa.
[Sound] bgm00180
【Emu】That was amazing! You actually finished!
【Tsukasa】Yes, well... This is nothing for a future star such as myself... Huff... Huff...
【Tsukasa】(I finished, but now I can't get up...)
【Kijima】That was good. I admire your guts.
【Tsukasa】Thank you...
【Kijima】However, I need to take this opportunity to say something that an actor such as yourself needs to hear...
【Kijima】I know that you want to keep growing no matter what, but training harder and doing more reps or sets isn't always the answer.
【Kijima】You're a hardworking person, which means you need to know what your body's limits are!
【Tsukasa】Yes, you're absolutely right... Getting hurt is the opposite of what I want...
【Kijima】Exactly. But having the guts to really go for it is also important. Your passion is the fuel you need to keep growing.
【Tsukasa】...!
【Kijima】So, let's keep growing together and find ways to cleverly use those guts!
【Tsukasa】Yes, let's!!!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Class 3-C
【Tsukasa】What...? “Subscribe to the Jidaigeki Channel. Free first month!”...?
【Tsukasa】Wait, this is an incredible deal...! It has over a thousand different episodes available!
【Rui】Hm? Tsukasa? You seem awfully happy about something.
【Tsukasa】Ah, Rui. I just saw this offer for the Jidaigeki Channel and was wondering if I should subscribe.
【Rui】A channel for historical dramas...?
【Tsukasa】Yes! A few Mikazukigumi members gave me some recommendations.
【Tsukasa】Since we'll be working with them for a while, I thought I should learn what I can in my spare time.
【Rui】I see. So, what has your impression been?
【Tsukasa】When I took some time to watch, I found them quite interesting.
【Tsukasa】In particular, the director's cut version of Komiya's Chushingura! The villainous portrayal of Kira Kozukenosuke left me stunned...
【Tsukasa】Also, “The Phantom Assassin” series. I remember being so enthralled by the way the protagonist defeated all those enemies at once! Especially the battle in the fog during the last episode!
【Rui】Yes, that one's very famous. Throughout its ten-year run, they made it so each season had a unique style to it. But the overall theme of the hero working in the shadows to defeat evil never changed...
【Tsukasa】Oh, Rui, you're familiar with it?!
【Rui】Hehe. A little. I went through a phase of watching historical dramas to see how they were made.
【Rui】Actually, Tsukasa, I'm guessing you enjoyed the fourth season quite a lot since it has such a satisfying arc.
【Tsukasa】Hm?
【Rui】The hero's life as a ringleader of thieves came to a screeching halt as he became mixed up in a series of incidents. Ultimately, he starts fighting the evildoers behind them.
【Rui】Also, despite being a thief, he's a leader who cares about his comrades and has the charisma to match. A hero who has the respect of both his allies and enemies.
【Rui】Am I right in saying that you've thought about what it'd be like to play him?
【Tsukasa】Yes, that's right! How did you know?
【Rui】It seemed natural. An honest thief who can't lie. A lovable criminal. That seemed right up your alley, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Yes, those very qualities are why I found this character so appealing! How can it not be fun to play him?
【Tsukasa】While we're on the subject, I have to ask...
【Tsukasa】The battle in the fog at the end... If you were the director, Rui, I'm guessing you would've wanted to use a snow machine.
【Tsukasa】On top of the fog greatly reducing visibility, the hero would have to deal with the cold while fighting off countless enemies. That's the kind of scene I feel you'd make it...
【Rui】Yes, that's not a bad idea.
【Tsukasa】Hah, I knew it!
【Tsukasa】That being said, the Rui Kamishiro I know would easily come up with something more spectacular than what I just said!
【Rui】Huh?
【Tsukasa】You always come up with ideas that I never expect, no?
【Rui】Thank you. I appreciate the compliment.
【Rui】But you're also always exceeding my expectations with your performances, Tsukasa.
【Rui】Actually, not just you. Emu and Nene as well.
【Tsukasa】I agree. I believe Emu gave us a particularly big surprise as Ushiwakamaru this time around.
【Tsukasa】Oh, speaking of her, that reminds me...
【Tsukasa】I feel that she'd be the perfect person to play the enemy who appears during the middle of the fourth season of “The Phantom Assassin”!
【Rui】The happy-go-lucky sword master who was working as a mercenary?
【Rui】Yes, given Emu's innocent nature, she'd probably do a good job of capturing that character's enigmatic personality.
【Tsukasa】See what I mean?!
【Rui】Which means Nene would play the protagonist's assistant, yes?
【Tsukasa】Yes, I agree! She's clumsy in an endearing way, which I think makes her a good character.
【Tsukasa】And she undergoes a nice transformation. She starts out quiet, but slowly starts to help him after he saves her.
【Tsukasa】She's athletic and is the perfect partner when a big fight breaks out.
【Rui】We've become much more agile after we started training with Mikazukigumi, so I'm sure she'd do well when she and the protagonist fight alongside each other.
【Tsukasa】Yes, we've all become much better at performing fight scenes thanks to them...
【Tsukasa】So, we could conceivably put on our own little historical drama someday!
【Rui】Yes, we could... We should invite KAITO and the others when we do.
【Tsukasa】Oh, doing it in SEKAI's an excellent idea!
【Tsukasa】But things may become a bit chaotic...
【Tsukasa】Oh, speaking of chaotic, that one series is also very good! “The Swift-footed Shinsengumi.”
【Rui】Oh, you've seen that as well? It's quite an obscure series...
【Tsukasa】It was made by the same director as “The Phantom Assassin”, so I felt that I needed to watch it!
【Rui】But I'm somewhat doubtful that it helped in terms of learning more about the genre. I mean, most of the early episodes are full of jokes and comedy.
【Tsukasa】True... I definitely wasn't expecting them to travel through time and find themselves in a school setting. I mean, they really tested the viewer's limits...!
【Tsukasa】But it grew on me as I watched. Actually, I thought it was very good overall.
【Tsukasa】Oh, did you see that one movie where the heroes from the Phantom Assassin series join together in a grand battle...?
【Rui】Yes, that was incredible. They did an excellent job including the best aspects of each season. Not only that...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d002801
[Sound] se00034_b
[Caption] Mikazukigumi Practice Area
【Tsukasa】*Sigh* I'm starting to get nervous...
【Nene】Me too...
【Rui】Hehe. I think that's only natural.
【Rui】How we do during these auditions today and tomorrow determines which roles we get to play for “Ginnosuke's on the Case!”
【Emu】Let's all do our best!
【Mikazukigumi Director】Alright, leader, you're up next.
【Kijima】Okay, thank you.
【Tsukasa】This tension in the air... It's really starting to feel like an audition.
【Nene】Yeah, and Mr. Kijima seems a little different from his usual self.
【Tsukasa】Yes, since whether or not he gets the lead depends on this. Even he can't let his guard down...
【Tsukasa】(I also need to stay acutely focused...)
【Tsukasa】(Because I want to play the protagonist! I want to be Ginnosuke!)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Kijima】“Come, Heihachi!”
[Sound] bgm00185
【Kijima】“Now is our chance to show off our skills!”
[Sound] se00757
【Tsukasa】(Mr. Kijima's sword fighting skills really are something else.)
【Tsukasa】(Be it when he parries attacks or goes to strike his opponent, he moves with so much precision. But there's also a degree of artistry.)
【Tsukasa】(Ginnosuke's the most famous constable in all of ancient Tokyo, which means the person playing him needs to give off that sort of aura and have the skills to match...)
【Tsukasa】(Mr. Kijima's playing a character who's cool, collected and fearless. He honestly seems like the best person for this role...!)
【Tsukasa】(Will my portrayal of Ginnosuke be better than Mr. Kijima's...?)
【Mikazukigumi Director】Next, Tenma!
【Tsukasa】Ready!
【Tsukasa】(No, don't think! Just play your character as best you can!)
【Tsukasa】(My goal is to become a star...! I will put on a better performance than Mr. Kijima!!!)
【Rui】Tsukasa seems very motivated...
【Emu】Yeah... Break a leg, Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】“You had Chusuke steal your pot in order to have your upstanding superior framed. And for quite some time now, you've been using these methods to get rid of anyone you see as a nuisance...!”
【Tsukasa】“Bring it on! I feel like I can beat anyone right now!”
[Sound] se00758
[Sound] bgm00000
【Mikazukigumi Director】Okay, as for who will be playing Ginnosuke...
【Tsukasa】(I did my absolute best. I gave this audition everything I had.)
【Tsukasa】(So, all I can do now is hope for some good news...!)
【Mikazukigumi Director】Ginnosuke will be played by...
【Mikazukigumi Director】Daigo Kijima!
【Kijima】Yes, thank you!
【Tsukasa】(I lost...)
[Sound] bgm00180
【Tsukasa】(I gave it my absolute best. It just wasn't enough...)
【Tsukasa】(Mr. Kijima's portrayal of Ginnosuke was beyond incredible.)
【Tsukasa】(Especially during those sword fights. Even when he was taking up a stance, his presence was overwhelming. I was nowhere near that level...)
【Tsukasa】(He really is something else.)
【Mikazukigumi Director】Tenma.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Huh...?
【Tsukasa】Y-Yes?! How can I help?!
【Kijima】Sorry if we caught you by surprise. See, the two of us had a little chat after seeing your performance...
【Kijima】If you'd like, why don't you try auditioning for the role of Heihachi tomorrow?
【Tsukasa】H-Heihachi...?!
【Mikazukigumi Director】Yes. Heihachi is Ginnosuke's right-hand man... The way he fervently strives to become Ginnosuke makes him a wonderful character.
【Mikazukigumi Director】That determination also drives him to see cases through until the very end. He's quite a strong fellow...
【Mikazukigumi Director】After seeing your acting and dynamic sword fighting, I thought you'd make the perfect Heihachi.
【Kijima】Yeah, I felt the same way.
【Kijima】I want to see you play him. Would you be willing to give it a try?
【Tsukasa】Me playing Heihachi...?
【Tsukasa】(Heihachi's another important role... This is bound to be just as tough a challenge as auditioning for the lead.)
【Tsukasa】(But if they're both willing to ask me to try...)
【Tsukasa】(Then I have no choice but to accept!)
【Tsukasa】Okay...!!!
【Tsukasa】I, Tsukasa Tenma, promise to do my absolute best during tomorrow's audition!!!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Kijima】Great! We'll be looking forward to it!!!
【Rui】Hehe. In that case, Tsukasa, I'll help you with your training.
【Nene】It'll be good practice for us too.
【Emu】Yeah! Let's do our best together, Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】Ah, much appreciated! No matter what...!
【Tsukasa】I'm going to land the role of Heihachi!!!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Caption] Morning
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Class 3-C
[Sound] se00046_b
【Tsukasa】Good morning!
【Tsukasa】Phew... Five minutes before classes start. I made it!
【Rui】Oh, Tsukasa, good morning. It's not like you to cut it so close.
【Tsukasa】Ah, it's because I forgot to set my alarm. I ended up waking up thirty minutes late as a result.
【Tsukasa】However! I was able to make it in time by sprinting over at full speed!
【Tsukasa】All thanks to the training I did with Mr. Kijima to play Heihachi properly! Hah hah hah!
【Rui】Hehe. I'm impressed. You're still as agile as when you caught Chusuke.
【Tsukasa】Heh. I could climb up the wall and come in through that window if it came down to it!
【Rui】Oh, are you sure a hall monitor should be doing something like that?
【Tsukasa】N-No, I was just giving an example! A hall monitor would never do anything like that!
[Sound] se00046_b
【Teacher】Hey, everyone, we're assembling in the gym!
【Rui】Ah, it's time for us to hear another one of the principal's extended speeches following a long holiday.
【Tsukasa】Alright, let's go!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003901
[Sound] bgm00018
[Sound] se00034_b
[Caption] Ten minutes later
[Caption] Gym
【Principal】To conclude, I hope that you'll all be mindful of your health.
【Tsukasa】(Hmm... This speech was shorter than normal.)
【Tsukasa】(But this seems like a good length. The longer his speech, the more likely it is that some students will start fooling around and have to be warned to stop.)
【Principal】Next, I'd like to take this time to present a few commendations.
【Tsukasa】(Hm? Commendations? That's rare... Did one of the clubs achieve good results or something?)
【Principal】Please come join me on stage after I call your name and class.
【Principal】Class 3-C, Rui Kamishiro and Tsukasa Tenma. Class 2-A, Nene Kusanagi.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00034_b
【Tsukasa】(Us?! Why...?!)
【Principal】The school received a letter of thanks from the Hiori Jidaigeki Studio Park naming the three of you. Please come to the stage.
【Tsukasa】The park sent a letter...? Oh, I see. Now I understand!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Rui】Hehe. This is a nice surprise. Let's start heading up, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Yes, let's go!
[Sound] se_walk_men_005_1
[Sound] se_walk_men_005_2
【Principal】“For assisting with the investigation into the thefts which took place at Hiori Jidaigeki Studio Park, pursuing the perpetrator alongside the members of Mikazukigumi...”
【Principal】“...and contributing greatly towards the resolution of the matter, we would like to formally recognize your valor and courage. On behalf of the park staff, you have our deepest thanks.”
【Nene】U-Uhh... Th-Thank you very much...
【Rui】Thank you very much. We humbly accept.
【Tsukasa】Thank you very much!!!
[Sound] se00444_b
【Nene】T-Too loud...
【Rui】Hehe. He's certainly excited. That was probably audible from outside the gym.
[Sound] se00239_b
[Sound] se00239_b
【Tsukasa】Thank you all very much! Thank you!!!
【Tsukasa】Please be careful not to have your things stolen, everyone! Promise me that!
[Sound] se00444_b
【Nene】Again, you're being way too loud...
【Rui】Also, we should probably step down from the stage.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Sound] bgm00180
[Caption] Lunch break
[PlaceInfo] Class 3-C
【Rui】I wasn't expecting to receive a commendation for what we did.
【Tsukasa】Honestly, me neither. That took me by complete surprise.
【Tsukasa】Still, it is nice to be recognized in such a manner...
【Tsukasa】I feel more motivated than ever before!
【Rui】More motivated...?
【Tsukasa】Yes. As both the one who caught that thief and a hall monitor, I feel even more compelled to help keep Kamiyama High School safe.
【Rui】Ah, now I see. I'm glad that our school has such a good hall monitor in its employ.
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah! I am good at my job, no?!
【Tsukasa】Between my training with Mr. Kijima and all the time I spent chasing Chusuke, I doubt anyone at this school will be able to escape me...
【???】...neee...!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Hm? That voice...
【Emu's Voice】Neneee!!!
【Emu's Voice】Oh, there she is! Over here, Nene!
[Sound] bgm00003
【Tsukasa】What?! You snuck in again?! That's it...
【Tsukasa】Emuuu!!!
[Sound] se00349_b
【Rui】Oh dear... Tsukasa's going to have his hands full for quite a while it seems.
【Emu's Voice】Huh?! Tsukasa?! Good wonder...
【Tsukasa's Voice】No, don't good wonderhoy me!
【Tsukasa's Voice】Stop! Quit running!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d001201
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
【Tsukasa】Huff! Huff! Huff!
[Sound] se00043_b
【Saki】Huh? He was here a second ago... Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Ah, I'm over here!
【Saki】Whoa, what the?! Why are you face down on the floor like that?
【Tsukasa】Can't you tell? I'm doing push-ups!
【Saki】Umm... Push-ups? For what?
【Saki】Wait a second! Did you actually sign up to compete in Shinobi Battle?!
【Tsukasa】Yes! As I mentioned, with Kiritani and Akito!
【Saki】I knew it! That explains why you've been training so hard!
【Saki】Good luck, Tsukasa!
【Saki】I promise to rush over so that I can cheer you guys on if I have time after my meeting!
【Tsukasa】Thanks, Saki! But it's a very important meeting for work, no? You should be focusing all your attention on that.
【Saki】I know! I am a pro now after all!
【Tsukasa】*Nod*
【Tsukasa】Oh, Saki, are you free right now? I'd like for you to add some extra weight by pressing down on my back a little.
【Saki】Sure, but how hard? I probably shouldn't sit on your back, right?
【Tsukasa】Right... Then, try pressing down using your hands.
【Saki】Okay! Umm... How's this?
[Sound] se00121_b
【Tsukasa】Ah, that's perfect! I'll get started now!
【Tsukasa】Hmph! Hmph! Hmph!
【Saki】Wow, you're so cool! You're doing great, Tsukasa!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Sound] bgm00171
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Class 3-C
【Rui】Interesting. Shinonome's one thing, but Haruka Kiritani? You managed to put together quite a team for this event.
【Tsukasa】Yes, and I can't thank her enough. I put her in a difficult position, knowing that she's an idol.
【Rui】So, have you already decided who is going to be doing what? I'm particularly interested in the water spider obstacle.
【Tsukasa】That's a part of the second stage, which we've assigned to Akito.
【Rui】Ah, Shinonome. He seems like the right choice, with his core strength and sense of balance.
【Rui】Still, it's interesting how they decided to go with such an old-fashioned interpretation of the “water spider” device.
【Tsukasa】Hm? Old-fashioned? Didn't ninjas use those special shoes to walk across the water, just like the obstacle?
【Rui】Ah, so you haven't heard that one theory.
【Tsukasa】Theory...?
【Rui】The common interpretation is that ninjas used “water spider” floats to move just like water striders, yes.
【Rui】But one theory suggests that they didn't attach the floats to their feet at all. Interesting, no?
【Tsukasa】What?! Where did they put the floats, if not on their feet?
【Rui】On their bodies. Either by wearing something like an inner tube, or by sitting on a plank of wood in the center.
【Tsukasa】Slow down. Doesn't that mean submerging half your body?!
【Rui】Yes, the theory I read spoke of propelling yourself using your feet, while only your upper body remained above the surface.
【Tsukasa】Th-That's quite a revelation... I honestly had no idea...
【Rui】Originally, people claimed that it would've been physically impossible for the traditional water spider to provide enough buoyancy to cross the water while standing.
【Rui】If anything, it only makes sense someone arrived on a more practical conclusion.
【Rui】However, it isn't wrong to believe that they also used these floats on their feet.
【Rui】For example, when crossing a swamp, they could have been used to disperse your weight in order to keep your feet from sinking.
【Rui】I have a feeling that they were used in different ways depending on the situation.
【Tsukasa】Y-Yes, I see...
【Tsukasa】I wasn't expecting to hear a theory that completely overturned my understanding of this subject! Again, I honestly had no idea!
【Rui】Yes, there was a brief period when this theory was on everyone's minds, but it faded into the annals of history not long after, without much impact at all.
【Rui】Perhaps it didn't find much purchase because, like you just said, Tsukasa... people didn't want their understanding of water spiders, or rather, their beliefs regarding ninjas to be shattered.
【Tsukasa】What do you mean?
【Rui】To keep that dream alive.
【Rui】A ninja running across the water like a real water spider is much cooler than the theory, no?
【Tsukasa】Yes, true...
【Tsukasa】It may be physically impossible, but it's easy to think that perhaps ninjas could have still managed it.
【Rui】Also, Miku and the others have been working very hard to become ninjas after you told them that you'd be competing in Shinobi Battle.
【Rui】I'll actually be taking over some things that will allow them to experience being water spiders.
【Tsukasa】What?! Like the ones they had back then?!
【Rui】Oh, not exactly. Mine are going to be simple imitations that use modern materials.
【Tsukasa】Still, that's incredible! When will they be done?
【Rui】I have to order quite a lot of things, so even if I did put a rush on them, I probably won't finish making them until after Shinobi Battle.
【Rui】Which is a shame, since your team could've used them to practice...
【Tsukasa】Not a problem. Our training will more than make up for that!
【Tsukasa】But I'd like to try what you make once you're done with them!
【Rui】Yes, of course.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000501
[Caption] Kamiyama High School
【Tsukasa】Hm? That looks like...
【Tsukasa】Akito!! Good morning!!
【Akito】Whoa! Only one person shouts like that...
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_1
【Akito】Why'd you shout at me from all the way down the corridor...?
【Tsukasa】Hm? I decided to greet you after we'd made eye contact, is all.
【Akito】People don't normally greet each other from that far away!
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah! The training we did has given me the power to project my voice even further!
【Tsukasa】Now I can greet others even if they're a good distance away! A useful skill for a hall monitor, wouldn't you say?
【Akito】Wait, is it really okay for a hall monitor to be shouting in the corridor like this?
【Akito】*Sigh* Anyway, if you don't need anything else from me, I'll be going to my classroom now.
【Tsukasa】No, wait. I do have some fun news to tell you!
【Tsukasa】The thing is, Rui made it so that a few friends and I could try water spiders for ourselves!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_d002501
【KAITO】The area beyond this buoy is very deep, so it's off limits, everyone.
[Sound] bgm00264
【Emu, Len, Rin & Miku】Okay! Okay♪
【Nene】I still can't believe you actually made these. What are these? Inner tubes? And these look like sandals attached to plywood...
【Rui】Yes, I glued those together, and I secured the boards to the center of each inner tube.
【Rui】It's a simple design, but these are fairly close to what was used for traditional ninja water spiders.
【Tsukasa】Yes, these do look very similar to the ones Akito had to use.
【Emu】Tsukasa, you guys! Let's go on the water already!
【Rin, Miku & Len】<Yeah!>
【Nene】You guys already put them on?
【Tsukasa】All of you, wait! We need to stretch before going in the water!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00190
【Nene】Nooo! H-How do I stop my legs from spreading apart?!
【Rui】Flex your inner thigh muscles! Then, use the pole to support yourself, while lowering your center of gravity.
【Nene】There's no way I can...! Eep!
[Sound] se00238_b
【Luka】Oh, Nene flipped over.
【MEIKO】Sounds like a job for the lifeguard! I'll be right there to help, Nene!
[Sound] se00780
【Rin】This is so cool☆ I'm getting a little support, but I can stand now♪
【KAITO】Your inner tubes must be providing just enough buoyancy.
【Len】You also got it to work, Rin?! Tsukasa helped me get me floating!
【Rin】Hehe. Then, let's have a race♪ The first one to get to the buoy wins!
【Len】Alright, you're on!
【Tsukasa】Then, we'll let go after we give you the signal to start. Are you both ready?
【Rin & Len】Ready!
【KAITO】Here we go. Ready... Start!
[Sound] se00061_b
【Rin】Let's go!
【Len】Forward!
【Tsukasa】Wow, they're both off to a good start!
【KAITO】This should be a fine race.
【Rin & Len】Uh oh...
[Sound] se00238_b
【Nene】Th-They fell in...
【Tsukasa】Rin! Len! Are you okay?!
[Sound] se00780
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】Hmm... They just barely managed to stand, so it makes sense moving forward would be difficult.
【Rui】Huh?
[Sound] se00209_b
【Nene】Look! Those two are standing all on their own...
【Rin】Wow! And I think they're trying to have a race just like us!
【Len】Yeah! It looks like Miku and Emu are gonna...!
【Tsukasa】Can they reach it...?!
【Emu】Let's go, Miku! Nin-Nin-Ninja!
【Emu & Miku】Gooooooo!!
[Sound] bgm00053
【Emu】Poweeeeeer!
【Miku】Speeeeeeed!
【Tsukasa】Whoa, look how fast they're moving their feet! Could they possibly...
【Rui】No, they're not moving forward... If anything, they appear to be sinking.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Emu】Glub... Glub...
【Nene】Hey, Emu! Are you okay?!
【Rin】Miku sank too!
【Luka】Don't worry, someone will be right over to rescue you two. And by someone I mean MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Leave it to me! Let's go, lifeguard♪
[Sound] se00780
[Sound] se00780
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000501
【Tsukasa】Anyway, my friends and I tried to do what you did, but it ended up being a perilous task.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Tsukasa】Just standing was hard enough. To think that you were able to reach the other side, even after one of your foot straps broke.
【Tsukasa】After experiencing it for myself, I now have a much greater appreciation for what you accomplished! I tip my hat to you!
【Akito】Thank you? You showered me with praise after the race.
【Akito】I mean, I think I was only able to do that because of Kiritani's training plan.
【Tsukasa】Yes, I too feel that I was able to survive my stage for the same reason!
【Tsukasa】Her plans would've made even pro athletes shudder. They really were something else.
【Tsukasa】She'd be more than welcome to become the trainer for Wonderlands×Showtime!
【Akito】Wait, what kind of shows are you planning to put on over there, anyway?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Caption] The day before the trip
[Caption] Shopping Mall
【Tsukasa】Heh heh heh... This is the day, Saki.
【Saki】It's finally come!
【Tsukasa】Today, we're going to buy the absolutely most essential items for our trip.
【Tsukasa】None other than! Snacks for the train ride over!
【Saki】Hooray♪ Alright, what should we get?
【Saki】Actually, Tsukasa! What's our budget situation?
【Tsukasa】Heh. Budget...?
【Tsukasa】We're high schoolers, Saki. Do you know what that means?
【Saki】Huh?
【Tsukasa】When we were little, our limit was 300 yen per person. But now that we're older, we can add a few zeroes to that, can we not?
【Saki】You don't mean...?
【Tsukasa】I do.
【Tsukasa】Money is no object! Let's buy as much as we can eat on this trip!
【Saki】Wh-Whoa...! Like a grown-up vacation...?!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00171
[Caption] Snack Aisle
【Tsukasa】Alright, let's first grab all the usual chocolates, candy and other snacks from this aisle!
【Saki】Yeah! We'll need a mix of sweet and salty snacks since our mood will change as time goes on.
【Saki】Oh, these animal-shaped cookies are so cute! I bet Shiho would love these!
【Tsukasa】Oh, Saki, here are all the potato chips.
【Saki】Thanks, Tsukasa! We can't get the party started without these♪
【Saki】Hey, they even have seasonal flavors!
【Tsukasa】(Come to think of it, I remember us shopping like this when we were little.)
[Sound] se00053_b
【Tsukasa】(Saki and I went to the store to buy snacks...)
【Saki】Is something wrong, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Huh?! Oh, sorry. I was remembering how we went shopping like this when we were little.
【Saki】When we were little...?
【Saki】Oh, I remember! When we were in elementary school, right?
【Saki】You came along to help me pick our snacks to take on that one field trip.
【Tsukasa】Yes, you remember that?
【Saki】Hehe. Of course I remember!
【Saki】You helped me find snacks that were cheap, but had enough to share with my friends. That made me really happy.
【Saki】Also...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Hm?
【Saki】Remember how I couldn't go on many field trips, because I kept getting sick all the time?
【Saki】I was really worried that I'd catch a cold or something after you helped me find those snacks...
【Tsukasa】Saki...
【Saki】But you told me not to worry.
[Sound] bgm00039
【Saki】“Pegasusman is here to protect you.” “I will defend you against any nasty bugs!”
【Saki】That made me feel a lot better.
【Tsukasa】Hahaha! And Pegasusman kept his promise, did he not?
【Saki】Yup! You singing with me while we washed our hands and stuff probably worked, right?
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a001301
[Background Change] bg_a001701
【Tsukasa】(I still remember the smile on Saki's face as she waved her hand when she left for that field trip.)
【Tsukasa】(Her weak constitution prevented her from going on many field trips at all...)
【Tsukasa】(But now she's well enough that we even get to go on a trip together.)
【Tsukasa】(Furthermore, due to our busy performance schedules, we haven't been able to spend time like this lately.)
【Tsukasa】(Which is why my goal will be to treasure every second of this trip.)
【Saki】Alright, Tsukasa, what else should we get?!
【Tsukasa】Ah, yes! Based on this aisle's selection...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Tsukasa】Everyone! Line up!!
【Tsukasa】Alright, I'll start passing out the souvenirs from our trip now!
【Miku, Emu & Rin】Woohoo☆
【MEIKO】Thank you for bringing back souvenirs for all of us, Tsukasa♪
【Nene】Still, do we all need to line up like this...?
【Rui】With the plushies included, there are quite a lot of us, after all. This does seem like a good way to make sure everybody receives their gift.
【Rui】And I'm sensing quite a bit of excitement from them.
【Plushies】What do you think we're gonna get?
【Plushies】I can't wait to find out!
【Rui】You see?
【Nene】Yeah, I guess you're right.
【KAITO】Anyway, Tsukasa, did you enjoy your trip?
【Tsukasa】Yes, I got to experience autumn with all five of my senses!
【Tsukasa】In particular, the sight of the mountainside dyed in vibrant scarlet was absolutely stunning!
【Rin】Oh, that sounds so nice♪ The leaves were really that pretty?
【Tsukasa】Yes, they were so inspiring that I was able to come up with another idea for a story.
【Len】Oh, another idea?!
【Tsukasa】Yes, it takes place at a famed leaf-viewing location.
【Tsukasa】And the protagonists are all maple leaves.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rin & Len】Leaves...?
[Sound] se00200_b
[Background Change] bg_c001504
【Maple Leaf A】Humhumhuum♪ It's nice and sunny again today☆
[Sound] bgm00235
【Maple Leaf A】Oh, I feel a nice breeze coming! That means it's time to do the fun and happy leaf dance!!
【Tourist】Wow♪ The way the wind is making the green leaves wave is so beautiful☆
【Tourist】Yes, but these are supposed to be even prettier after they've turned red and yellow during the fall!
【Maple Leaf A】(Everyone's gonna be so happy when we change colors!)
【Maple Leaf A】Hmm... But a lot of the other leaves are also gonna turn red, so... Alright! That just means I've gotta become even redder than them☆
【???】We won't let you.
【Maple Leaf A】Huh?
【Maple Leaf B】We're also trying to become the reddest leaves here.
【Maple Leaf C】Yeah... That makes us all rivals.
【Maple Leaf A】Wow...! This is so cool!
【Maple Leaf A】Then, I know! We should have a competition to see who can become the reddest leaf☆
【Maple Leaf B】Yeah. It's always good to have rivals to compete against.
【Maple Leaf C】That also means no holding back, you guys.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000501
【Tsukasa】“And so, our heroine began training to become the reddest leaf of all.”
【Tsukasa】“She braved the sun during the day, endured some very cold nights... But then, a fearsome storm rolled in.”
【Tsukasa】“She did her best to stay on her branch, but finally, she was pulled away...”
[Background Change] bg_c001504
【Maple Leaf A】No, I have to get back to my branch! Jump! Jump! Juuump!
[Sound] bgm00016
【Maple Leaf A】No, I can't reach it... But I haven't become fully red yet...
【Maple Leaf A】And I made a promise to the others that I'd try my best...
【???】Hm? That voice...
【Maple Leaf A】You guys...!
【Maple Leaf B】Looks like yesterday's rainstorm made us all fall off...
【Maple Leaf A】Oh, you did...?
【Maple Leaf C】None of us was able to become completely red. We're all a mix of yellows and oranges...
【Maple Leaf A】*Nod*
【Maple Leaf A】(They all tried their best...)
[Sound] se_walk_women_003_2
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tourist Child】Wait, these leaves aren't red!
【Maple Leaves】...!!
【Maple Leaf A】(They're gonna be so disappointed by how we look...)
【Tourist Child】Wow♪ They're a really pretty mix of colors!
[Sound] bgm00039
【Tourist Child】I'm gonna take them home and keep them as treasures☆
【Maple Leaf C】We're pretty? But we haven't turned red...
【Maple Leaf B】Yes, her reaction tells me that...
【Maple Leaf A】Hehe... We don't have to be red!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000501
【Tsukasa】...is about how that story goes.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Emu】I'm so glad for those leaves!
【Rin】Yeah! I started tearing up there towards the end!
【Nene】I'm honestly surprised by how moving it was...
【Rui】Me too. I was under the impression that there was going to be a leaf battle royale, with the winner declaring herself the reddest in the blood of her foes...
【Rui】More like a thriller or horror film.
【Tsukasa】How did you arrive on that? In any case, a good story must always surpass the viewer's expectations!
【Tsukasa】Still, yes... I probably decided to go with this sort of ending because...
【Tsukasa】Our trip ended up being such a heartwarming and memorable experience.
【Emu】I'm glad that you had such a wonderful trip, Tsukasa!
【Rui】It'd be a shame to lose this story. Let's add it to our stock of scripts for later.
【Tsukasa】Yes!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d004001
[Caption] Morinomiya Music Academy - Courtyard
【Tsukasa】Oh...!
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_1
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_2
【Emu】Thanks for waiting, Tsukasa, Rui!
【Rui】We didn't expect you two to arrive together, Nene.
【Nene】Yeah, we just happened to bump into each other.
【Tsukasa】Anyway, now that we're all here, let's all congratulate ourselves for getting through the first day of lessons here at Morinomiya!
【Rui, Emu & Nene】Nice work, everyone!
【Emu】Oh, what were you guys' lessons like?! Did you all learn a lot?
【Tsukasa】Yes, they were very educational! As expected from the Morinomiya Music Academy!
【Emu】Really...?! What kind of lesson was it?
【Rui】The boys from Kikyogumi had a ballet lesson.
【Nene】Oh, so did we. The girls from Suzurangumi also had a ballet lesson.
【Rui】Ballet involves learning to move your body in some very specific ways, so it may be a key piece of their program here.
【Nene】Yeah. Though, was your lesson as intense as mine was?
【Nene】I'm not sure I would've been able to make it through, if we hadn't trained with Mikazukigumi...
【Tsukasa】Yes, I feel the same way.
【Tsukasa】I mean, even with my deep reservoir of stamina, it ended up being a tough test...
【Emu】Is ballet really that hard?
【Tsukasa】Yes. Hard may not be the right word, but I had trouble getting my body to move the way I wanted...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_d000101
【Tsukasa】(Raise my leg that's facing the audience, and stretch out the opposite arm...)
[Sound] bgm00038
【Tsukasa】(Pretend that the mirror is the audience so that you can check to see how you're doing... How's this?!)
[Sound] se00559
【Tsukasa】Hmm...
【Tsukasa】(My knee is fully straightened, but... I'm having trouble lifting my leg any higher, and my arm isn't going much above my shoulder.)
【Tsukasa】(Also, it looks like my body is bending forward slightly...)
【Tsukasa】Hup! Hmph! Hah!
【Tsukasa】Grr! This is far from easy...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d004001
【Tsukasa】...is how that went.
[Sound] bgm00180
【Emu】Oh, I think I know the pose you guys were doing♪ I've seen the girls on the gymnastics team do it!
【Nene】Oh, right. You help a few other clubs out from time to time, right?
【Emu】Yup! So, I remember them saying how it's important to turn your pelvis the right way, use your back muscles properly, oh, and flexibility is really important too!
【Tsukasa】Flexibility...
【Rui】Yes, flexibility...
【Nene】We understand in theory, but...
【Emu】Oh no! Don't frown like that, you guys!
【Emu】You guys are already pretty flexible!
【Tsukasa】Yes, we are...
【Rui】But we'll need to reach a new level of flexibility if we're going to do ballet. Actually, I'd say two extra levels...
【Nene】Yeah. I'm gonna be honest, the stretches we did at the start of our lesson were already really hard.
【Tsukasa】Ah, those...
【Rui】The way things stand now, my flexibility is going to be my greatest limiting factor when it comes to these ballet lessons.
【Tsukasa】The same goes for me...
【Tsukasa】However! I am not about to back down from this challenge! There are techniques and forms of expression which you can only learn through doing ballet!
【Tsukasa】We only get to train at Morinomiya for three months! So, we must make the absolute most of each day... No, each lesson!
【Emu】And I'm gonna do my best to learn lots and lots and lots about how they run things!
【Tsukasa】Excellent!
【Nene】While we're on the subject, Emu, you still haven't told us about what they've been teaching you.
【Tsukasa】Yes, I'd like to know as well!
【Rui】Then, why don't we head over to SEKAI to continue our talk? Len and Rin have been asking us about what this school is like.
【Tsukasa】Right. Then, let's go see them!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] Morinomiya Music Academy - Rehearsal Room
[Sound] se00183_b
【Tsukasa】Hmm...
[Sound] se00046_b
【Rui】You're here already, Tsukasa? Are you practicing by yourself?
【Tsukasa】I was, but... I'm having a little trouble with something...
【Tsukasa】Remember how our last lesson involved males playing female characters?
【Tsukasa】They taught us how to stand and walk, but I simply can't get my body to do what I want...
【Rui】After all, it's because you're acting while also focusing on aspects of your bearing you've never had to think about before.
【Rui】They say that onnagata actors in the world of kabuki live their daily lives with feminine mannerisms. For them, it may hardly fall under acting at all.
【Rui】It's certainly not something we can pick up in one day.
【Tsukasa】You say that, but you seemed to do pretty well back there.
【Tsukasa】The others were astonished by how quickly you improved over the course of one day.
【Rui】Hehe. The truth is, I've watched video footage of an all-male ballet company put on a performance a number of times.
【Rui】I wasn't expecting the analysis I performed of their physical expression to come back and help me like this.
【Rui】It just goes to show that it's important to keep your eyes open for anything and everything one can use.
【Tsukasa】Oh, I didn't know that...! Would it be possible for me to also watch that video?
【Rui】I don't know... It was a stream that I just happened to stumble across, but I can try looking for it.
【Rui】Anyway, are you done practicing?
【Tsukasa】No... Nothing will come of me running circles in my head!
【Tsukasa】So, let's review what we covered during our last lesson!
【Tsukasa】Do you have time to watch what I do for a bit, Rui?
【Rui】Yes, that's the plan.
【Tsukasa】(Starting with my shoulders. They still feel too square...)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Grrr! Why is this so hard...?
[Sound] bgm00170
【Tsukasa】I can't seem to lower my shoulders without slouching. And every time I try to walk with my knees closer together, I end up waddling instead.
【Rui】Yes, I may be your friend, but I must say that you make for a wonderful penguin.
【Tsukasa】Yes, I'm well aware of that! How can you laugh at me like that?! I'm trying my best over here!
【Rui】I know. Let me apologize by telling you a trick I learned while practicing on my own. Will that suffice?
【Tsukasa】Oh? Let's hear it.
【Rui】In order to make your shoulders look more round, try to make it as if your wrists are pulling them down.
【Tsukasa】Hm? My wrists?
【Rui】The person who showed me was apparently told to not slouch, and to relax his shoulders more, as part of an assignment in order to improve his acting.
【Rui】Thus, the key is to not curl your shoulders, but to drop them instead. That's supposed to prevent you from slouching.
【Rui】And to avoid putting too much focus on his shoulders, he envisioned his wrists, far below his shoulders, pulling his arms down.
【Rui】I should also mention that he said, “It's a solution I arrived on for this problem, so I can't say that it's for everyone...”
【Tsukasa】No, I believe his reasoning is sound.
【Tsukasa】It's difficult not to slouch when you're trying to round your shoulders...
【Tsukasa】But you have to concentrate quite a lot in order to push them down, which ends up affecting everything else you do.
【Tsukasa】In order to prevent that, you need to drop them instead of trying to round them. That's where your wrists play a key role...
【Rui】So, am I right to say that this helps?
【Tsukasa】Yes! Now I'm glad that I got you to laugh at my waddling!
【Tsukasa】So, let me try this again, using the method you just described! Tell me what you think!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】How's this, Rui?! This should look much better compared to before!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Rui】Yes, you're using your upper body much better now! Your posture has also improved, and you look much less like a penguin now.
【Tsukasa】Excellent! To think that one trick would end up helping this much!
【Tsukasa】Still, that's incredible...
【Tsukasa】What you learned didn't come from a teacher, but another student, yes? He really came up with this all on his own?
【Rui】Yes, because he knew this was a problem for him. He apparently struggled quite a lot before arriving upon this solution.
【Tsukasa】I see...
【Tsukasa】We're all doing our best to improve by correcting our mistakes...
【Tsukasa】But this fellow's efforts deserve more recognition.
【Rui】I suppose that's what it means to be a student at Morinomiya.
【Tsukasa】As I thought, we stand to learn a tremendous amount by taking lessons here!
【Rui】Yes, we do. We need to make the most of the three months we have with them.
【Tsukasa】Agreed!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_i000116
[Caption] ASTRO FES - Day 1
[Caption] Ensemble Square - Studio
[Sound] se00028_b
【Len】<Do you think Tsukasa is nearby?>
【KAITO】<Len, I'm sure I don't need to remind you, but be sure to stay quiet. Everyone is practicing hard for the joint performance tomorrow.>
【Len】<I know! We did just see Rui working on effects with the idols' Magician.>
【Len】<I wonder who Tsukasa is practicing with?>
【Len】<Ah! Look, KAITO, there he is!>
【KAITO】<Oh, you're right. He's standing face-to-face with someone... But, wait...>
【Chiaki】You sicken me! Begone from my sight!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】...!
【KAITO】<The atmosphere is so hostile.>
【Len】<A-Are they fighting? What should we do?!>
【Chiaki】Tenma...☆
【Tsukasa】Morisawa...!
[Sound] se00052_b
【Len】<H-Huh? They were just glaring at each other, but now they're shaking hands?>
【Tsukasa】That was some superb acting!
[Sound] bgm00190
【Chiaki】I could say the same for you! You looked so sad that, even though I knew we were just acting, I actually felt really guilty.
【Tsukasa】After all, our characters may have had a falling-out, but they were once the closest of friends...
【Tsukasa】I can't help but get emotional thinking about it.
【Len】<Oh, they were just acting.>
【KAITO】<Yes, it looks like they get along very well in real life.>
【Tsukasa】Your technique really surprised me, Morisawa. I knew RYUSEITAI did superhero shows, but to think you were so accomplished...
【Chiaki】Well! It's really nice of you to say that, given how hard you're working as an actor yourself!
【Chiaki】But, hmm... I think it helps that it's an easy role to play.
【Tsukasa】An easy role? How do you mean?
【Chiaki】In hero shows, it's pretty common for conflicts to start over differing definitions of justice.
【Chiaki】So this type of acting, where you're facing each other with righteous anger, is sought after.
【Tsukasa】I see...
【Chiaki】And with your help, I feel like I was able to reach higher than I usually can. That's that genuine star power that brings smiles to so many faces!
【Tsukasa】Thank you so much!
【Tsukasa】That said, I don't yet have the skill or the achievements to be called a star.
【Tsukasa】However... Someday I will become worthy of the title! I swear it!
【Tsukasa】For that and many other reasons, I must approach every role with diligence and care!
【Chiaki】I see...
【Chiaki】So, you're just like me!
【Tsukasa】Huh...?
【Chiaki】I'm working as hard as I can to become my ideal awesome hero, too.
【Tsukasa】Really? From where I stand, you and the other RYUSEITAI members already appear to be fine heroes bringing smiles and hope to children.
【Chiaki】I'm happy to hear that...
【Chiaki】But the way I see it, I'm not in RYUSEITAI because I'm a hero. I'm in RYUSEITAI because I want to BECOME a hero.
【Tsukasa】...!
【Chiaki】Reality can be harsh, and it can be hard to keep fighting for your own justice like the heroes on TV do...
【Chiaki】But I've kept on fighting for what I believe in, and that's gotten me this far.
【Chiaki】And some people look at me standing here, and are kind enough to call me a hero for it.
【Chiaki】So, I hope you'll let me call you a star!
【Chiaki】You're chasing after your dreams, and that makes you brilliant!
【Tsukasa】Morisawa...
【Tsukasa】Thank you! I see I'll have to redouble my efforts, in order to be worthy of your kind words.
【Chiaki】Right. Let's work hard to reach our dreams, together! This joint production will be a big step forward for all of us.
【Chiaki】Let's shine bright up on stage and bring huge smiles to everyone who's come to see us☆
【Tsukasa】Of course!
【Chiaki】Now then, let's do it again from the top, and practice the songs too! If anything sticks out to you, be sure to let me know.
【Tsukasa】Of course. Please tell me if you notice anything, yourself.
【KAITO】<He's pretty dazzling, isn't he?>
【Len】<He is! And... I feel like the two of them are actually really similar!>
【Len】<Good luck, you two! We're looking forward to your brilliant performance!>
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_i000118
[Caption] ASTRO FES - Day 2
[Caption] ASTRO FES Venue
【Tsukasa】Thank you for the meal!
【Tsukasa】(To think I could get ginger fried pork-wrapped rice balls at a food stall...)
【Tsukasa】(A happy belly will give me energy for the rest of the day. My preparations are complete!)
【Tsukasa】(Rehearsal went well too. I just can't wait to perform for everyone!)
【Tsukasa】Hm?
【Tsukasa】Is that Morisawa? He's looking quite seriously at his hand. What is he—
【Chiaki】Aaaaaaaargh! Why?! Why, why, why?!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Huh...?!
【Tsukasa】(D-Did something happen?!)
[Sound] se_run_men_001_1
【Tsukasa】Morisawa!
【Chiaki】Whoa! Tenma?
【Tsukasa】Are you alright? You sounded as though you were in pain...
【Chiaki】Oh... No, it really wasn't anything big. Sorry to make you worry.
【Chiaki】Wow, that's embarrassing...
【Tsukasa】Hm?
【Chiaki】The truth is, I was just pulling a lotto here at this stall. They have figures from “Chousentai Flash Giranger!”
[Sound] bgm00309
【Chiaki】But no matter how many I pull, I just keep getting the monsters...
【Tsukasa】Ah, so that's why you seemed so distressed.
【Chiaki】Yeah. The monsters have their good points too, so it's not like I'm super upset... But I want the hero!
【Tsukasa】(He really does love heroes.)
【Tsukasa】In that case, maybe I can be of help!
【Chiaki】Hm?
【Tsukasa】I once drew “super great blessing” from the omikuji, you know! I have full confidence in my luck! If we draw together, surely some will transfer to you!
【Chiaki】T-Tenma...!
【Chiaki】Thank you! You really are such a good guy! Okay, sorry to ask, but please help me out!
【Tsukasa】Of course!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Chiaki】Sir! I'll go another round!
【Staff】Sure thing!
【Chiaki】Here we go!
【Tsukasa & Chiaki】*Roar*
【Tsukasa】There, got it!
【Chiaki】But what's inside...?
[Sound] se00055_b
【Chiaki】It's... It's the hero!!!
[Sound] bgm00190
【Tsukasa】...! You did it, Morisawa!
【Chiaki】Yes! All thanks to you, Tenma! Thank you so much!
【Tsukasa】There's no need to thank me! I'm just glad to see you smile, Morisawa.
【Chiaki】Man, you're so cool! You're just like a superhero!
【Tsukasa】Me, a hero?
【Tsukasa】If anything...
【Boy's Voice】Waaaaaah!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】...!
【Chiaki】I hear a young boy crying. Look at these crowds... He could have gotten lost. I'll go see if I can find him.
【Tsukasa】I'll come with you, Morisawa. As a future star, I can hardly abandon a crying child!
【Chiaki】Hehe, I knew you'd say that, Tenma!
【Chiaki】Let's hurry! We have a smile to deliver!
【Tsukasa】Of course!
[Sound] se_run_men_001_1
[Sound] se_run_men_001_2
[Sound] bgm00000
【Chiaki】That boy should be here somewhere...
【Tsukasa】Ah, there!
【Boy】Waaaaaah...!
【Mother】Oh, are you going to keep on crying forever?
【Boy】*Sob* B-But...! I finally got my Giranger...!
【Mother】Yes, but then you dropped it. Here, we'll get you one more later, okay?
【Chiaki】Hmm... That seems to be his mother with him. At least he isn't lost...
【Tsukasa】Giranger, he said. That would be the same hero as the figure you won just now, yes?
【Chiaki】Yeah. It sounds like he's upset about losing the one he won.
[Sound] se_walk_men_001_1
【Chiaki】Excuse me, young man! Would you play with these figures with me?
【Boy】Oh! It's Giranger!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Chiaki】Oh, you know Giranger? Perfect!
【Chiaki】I love the monsters so much, you see, but I've been looking for someone brave enough to be the hero!
【Chiaki】Would you play Giranger and do battle with me?
【Boy】Yeah! Okay!
【Tsukasa】Morisawa...
【Tsukasa】(Even though Morisawa loves the hero best himself...)
【Tsukasa】(He must be doing this to make the boy smile.)
【Mother】My goodness, are you from RYUSEITAI? I'm sorry for the trouble, and thank you.
【Chiaki】No, thank you! Now, let's begin! “Curse you, Giranger! I will destroy yooou! Groaaaaaar!”
【Boy】Flash Beam!!!
【Chiaki】“Uwagh!”
【Tsukasa】(I can't simply stand here!)
【Tsukasa】“HAH HAH HAH HAH! Don't celebrate just yet, Giranger! I'm FAR more powerful than he is!”
【Boy】I'll defeat you, too! Flash Beam!!!
【Tsukasa】“Pegasus Barrier! Hah, you call that an attack?! It didn't even tickle me!”
【Chiaki】“Thanks for the backup, Monster Pegasus! Wahaha! With the two of us together, you stand no chance without your Final Flash Attack!”
【Boy】Final Flash Attack...!
【Boy】Then here goes! Final Flash Attack... Sunlight Sparkle Flash!!!
【Chiaki】“Wh-Whaaaaaat?!! Impossible... How did you...?!”
【Tsukasa】“Waaaargh! He... He got us!”
【Boy】Hehe, I did it!
【Tsukasa】You were a fierce opponent, young man!
【Chiaki】Yes, what a thrilling fight!
【Chiaki】Hmm... I know. Would you accept this hero figure?
【Boy】Huh? But... Are you sure?
【Chiaki】Of course! It belongs with a brave warrior who defeated the forces of evil!
【Chiaki】As you can see, I'm more of a monster fan myself. Please, accept it!
【Boy】Okay...! Thank you, mister!
【Mother】Really, I can't thank you enough...
【Chiaki】Please don't worry about it! Making children smile is my job!
【Tsukasa】(Even though he wanted that figure so much himself... He looks so satisfied with the smile on that boy's face.)
【Tsukasa】(Morisawa... You're such a cool person.)
【Boy】Thanks again, misters! Bye bye!
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_1
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_2
【Chiaki】Phew... We were able to make him smile after all.
【Tsukasa】As expected of a hero of RYUSEITAI!
【Chiaki】Don't be silly! That boy smiled because of you, Tenma.
【Chiaki】Your monster performance delighted him, after all... And without you, I might not have even had that figure in the first place.
【Chiaki】So, what brought his smile back was our shared feelings, our desires to make him happy, resonating.
【Tsukasa】Our feelings...
【Tsukasa】Yes, you're right!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a004501
[Caption] A few hours later - Before the show
[Caption] Backstage
【Tsukasa】It's almost our cue.
【Chiaki】Right! Time for the brightest star of the night to shine and make this the best performance ever!
【Tsukasa】I will— with a strong, kindhearted hero by my side!
【Chiaki】Haha, you're right. After all, the same wish burns red-hot in both our hearts!
【Tsukasa】Now, let's go bring smiles to our audience, with the power of our radiance!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003401
[Caption] Nonogi Park
[Sound] se00494_b
【Tsukasa】Huff... Huff...!
[Sound] se00028_b
[Sound] se00494_b
【Miku】<Run, Tsukasa, run♪ Run like the wind☆>
【Tsukasa】Ah, Miku...! Thank you for cheering for me again! I really appreciate it!
【Miku】<Hehe. You put in a huge effort the other day!>
【Miku】<So, I thought I should come back and pep you up as a member of the Wonderlands×Showtime cheer squad♪>
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah. That's all the encouragement I need!
【Tsukasa】But your timing couldn't have been better. There's something I need to tell you, Miku.
【Miku】<Oh, you wanna tell me something?>
【Tsukasa】I recently made a new friend.
【Tsukasa】I've been seeing him each time I come here for my morning run, and we're becoming fast friends.
【Miku】<Wow, that's great! What kind of person is he?>
【Tsukasa】You already know who he is, Miku! We're nearing our usual meeting spot.
【Tsukasa】Let's see...
【Tsukasa】Ah, found him. He's over there!
【Miku】<Over where?>
【Nyantaro】Meow!
【Miku】<Oh! Hi, Nyantaro☆>
【Tsukasa】Good morning, Nyantaro! Thank you for waiting for me again today!
【Nyantaro】Meow!
【Miku】<You were talking about Nyantaro just now!>
【Tsukasa】Yes, remember when he got stuck on that stepping stone? Since then, I've been getting to see him at this park each time I come for a run.
【Miku】<Really?! Then, that must mean he's coming to greet you each morning☆>
【Tsukasa】That would make me very happy! Especially since overcoming a trial such as that is an excellent way to start a friendship.
【Nyantaro】Meow.
【Miku】<Oh, he's right at your feet!>
【Miku】<You seem really happy, Nyantaro! Are you glad to see Tsukasa?>
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah! I'm also glad to see you!
【Tsukasa】Still, I didn't realize he'd be this friendly. Most strays are incredibly wary of people...
【Miku】<Hehe. Nyantaro must've realized that you're a really kind person, Tsukasa☆>
【Tsukasa】Yes, I see... I certainly have no complaints regarding that!
【Nyantaro】*Sniff* *Sniff*
【Miku】<Huh? He's sniffing you for some reason.>
【Tsukasa】Ah, he must've noticed. He is a cat, after all.
【Tsukasa】I brought you a little treat today, Nyantaro.
【Miku】<A treat?>
【Tsukasa】Yes, I brought...
[Sound] se00055_b
【Tsukasa】Some dried sardines with a silver sheen!
[Sound] se00209_b
【Nyantaro】Meow!
【Miku】<Oh, his eyes are twinkling now!>
【Tsukasa】This is a gesture of friendship from me to you. We may've only met just recently, but...
【Nyantaro】Meow!
【Tsukasa】The moment you took that leap of faith from that stone, I knew we'd forged a special bond. As such, I have a good feeling about our friendship moving forwar—
[Sound] se00447_b
【Nyantaro】Meow! Meow!
【Tsukasa】Which is why I'm bringing you these sardines. It isn't much, but I hope you enjoy them to the—
【Nyantaro】Meoooow!!
【Tsukasa】Argh! Alright, alright! You don't have to jump up and down like that!
【Tsukasa】Honestly, right when someone's giving a serious speech... I didn't realize you'd like these this much. Here, have some.
【Nyantaro】Meow.
【Miku】<Oh, he looks so happy eating them☆>
【Tsukasa】Yes, he does... I'm glad he likes them.
【Tsukasa】Alright, now that I've given him his treat, it's time to do some strength exercises.
【Tsukasa】While watching our furry friend here feast on his sardines!
【Miku】<Yeah☆ Let's go, Tsukasa♪>
【Nyantaro】Meow!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a008001
[Caption] Meow Park
【Tsukasa】Nobody to our right. And nobody to our left. Okay, we're all alone.
【Nene】Yeah, the coast seems clear.
【Tsukasa】Miku, are you there?
[Sound] se00028_b
【Miku】<Hi, you two☆ What's up?>
【Tsukasa】We wanted to thank you for helping out with our show. So, we'd like to take you on any rides and attractions that catch your fancy!
【Nene】It's okay for you to come out since Momoi and the others are taking a break right now.
【Miku】<Wait, really?! Yay!>
【Tsukasa】Alright, what would you like to go on first?
【Miku】<Let's see... I wanna go on...>
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00190
[Sound] se00179_b
【Tsukasa】Gwah?!
[Sound] se00179_b
[Sound] se00179_b
【Tsukasa】Th-Their giant trampoline launches you this far?!
[Sound] se00179_b
[Sound] se00179_b
[Sound] se00179_b
【Nene】Whoa, hey! Take it easy!
[Sound] se00179_b
【Tsukasa】I-I'm sorry! Miku asked me to jump as high as I could, and I—
[Sound] se00179_b
[Sound] se00179_b
[Sound] se00179_b
[Sound] se00179_b
[Sound] se00179_b
[Sound] se00179_b
【Tsukasa】Whoaaa!
[Sound] se00179_b
[Sound] se00179_b
【Miku】<Wow, we're so high up☆ Higher, Tsukasa, higher!>
[Sound] se00179_b
[Sound] se00179_b
【Miku】<Wow, this is amazing! This maze has so many cats in it!>
【Nene】It is a unique maze. They have all these cat plushies hidden everywhere.
【Tsukasa】I feel this urge to find them all! It could be fun to look for them instead of the exit!
【Miku】<I wanna find as many as I can too☆>
【Miku】<Oh, isn't that one over in the corner there?!>
【Tsukasa】What?! Where?!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d001003
[Sound] bgm00171
[Caption] Ferris Wheel
【Miku】<Wow, you can see the whole carnival from up here☆>
【Tsukasa】So, your final request was the Ferris wheel... I'm glad you're enjoying it.
【Miku】<Hehe. I've been wondering what the view is like from up here!>
【Miku】<Oh, look over there! They're the ones you did that show with, right?>
【Tsukasa】Ah, you have a sharp eye!
【Nene】Hehe. They're playing with Nyantaro.
【Miku】<I can also see everyone riding the roller coaster and the merry-go-round☆>
【Miku】<We get a view of all these happy faces. This must be the Ferris wheel of smiles♪>
【Tsukasa】This may in fact be the best place to see just how fun-filled this carnival is.
【Nene】Yeah...
【Tsukasa】Hm? What's wrong?
【Nene】Oh, so... I'm just a little sad that no one will get to see this view anymore.
【Miku】<Oh...>
【Tsukasa】Right...
【Tsukasa】But when you look back upon your memories of this carnival, rather than feeling sad about it being gone...
【Tsukasa】I think everyone who made this carnival a reality would prefer that you remember the view from up here instead.
【Tsukasa】Mr. Inuyama even said that making everyone smile was his primary goal. So, why don't we end the day smiling?
【Tsukasa】I believe that's the best way to give this carnival the finale it deserves.
【Miku】<Tsukasa...>
【Miku】<Yeah! You're right...☆>
【Miku】<Then, let's keep looking for smiling faces and other fun things☆>
【Tsukasa】I'm not about to let you hog all the glory!
【Tsukasa】Ah, look over there! The maze we were in just now looks like a cat from up above!
【Miku】<What?! No way!>
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000701
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Rooftop
【Tsukasa】Ah, what a beautiful day! The sun is shining bright, which means it's a perfect day to have lunch on the rooftop!
【Rui】Yes, a brighter mood does have this way of making everything taste a little better.
【Tsukasa】I need to be careful not to bend my back when I go to sit down... Alright, why don't we all sit here?
【Nene】O-Okay...
【Tsukasa】When I open the lid, I need to focus on what my fingertips are doing. Anyway, what's for lunch today...?
【Tsukasa】Oh, ginger fried pork! That's my favorite! I couldn't have asked for a better surprise!
【Tsukasa】Hm? What's the matter? Is there something you don't like included in your lunch?
【Nene】What have you been muttering to yourself...? You've been moving around really carefully...
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah! You noticed?!
【Nene】There'd be something wrong with me if I didn't.
【Tsukasa】I still can't get the Kikyogumi show we saw the other day out of my head.
【Tsukasa】The acting, script and directing were all excellent, but their poise is what impressed me the most.
【Tsukasa】Their elegance was staggering, was it not?!
【Nene】True, it was.
【Tsukasa】After seeing that performance, I feel like learning how to do the same now.
【Tsukasa】So, I've gone ahead and started practicing!
【Nene】Okay, that explains why you were moving all funny just now...
【Tsukasa】Funny? What do you mean? My goal is to first do normal things in an elegant manner.
【Tsukasa】It's not possible to achieve that level of sophistication overnight, so I'll need to do this constantly.
【Nene】Constantly? Wait, has he been doing this all day...?
【Rui】As far as I've seen, yes.
【Tsukasa】My classmates even marveled at my grace! That means my training is already paying off!
【Rui】About that. I was asked a few questions regarding this.
【Tsukasa】What kinds of questions?
【Rui】I was asked, “Why's Tenma erasing the chalkboard so weirdly?” And, “Why was he swaying around while reading that passage during Japanese class?”
【Rui】You definitely had their attention.
【Tsukasa】W-Wait! That's not what I was expecting them to say!
【Tsukasa】I was more under the impression that they'd become speechless over my sheer elegance!
【Tsukasa】Also, why didn't you tell me sooner if you knew that they thought I was acting strange?!
【Rui】Of course, I was going to warn you.
【Rui】But I quickly realized that it was the perfect opportunity for me to gather references for how people react in the face of the strange and unusual.
【Rui】So, I forced myself to stand back and watch. It genuinely pained me to be unable to help you during your time of need, Tsukasa...
【Tsukasa】Wait, all you did was put your own interests first!
【Tsukasa】Still, to think I was being viewed that way...! I thought I'd achieved a nice level of grace.
【Nene】You were that sure...?
【Tsukasa】Grr... Just you watch. I will find a way to move with elegance.
【Nene】Alright, we get it. Can we start eating already?
【Tsukasa】Right... Having my favorite food should lift my spirits.
【Tsukasa】Hmm...
【Nene】Oh, that reminds me. Are you all free after school today?
【Rui】I don't have any plans. Why do you ask...?
【Nene】I was wondering if we could all visit SEKAI together. Everyone's been asking about what we're currently doing at Morinomiya.
【Rui】Yes, that sounds like a good idea. We should also ask Emu.
【Nene】Yeah. Tsukasa, can you...?
【Nene】Wait, why are you frozen in place like a statue holding a pair of chopsticks now...?
【Tsukasa】Ah, I was just thinking about the most elegant way to eat this ginger fried pork...
【Tsukasa】I want to scarf down all of this right now, but I won't look very elegant if I do that. But nibbling away at it also seems like the wrong answer.
【Nene】Lunch is going to end really fast if you keep doing this.
【Nene】Seriously, you've been influenced way too much...
【Rui】Hehe. It just goes to show how spectacular the performance we saw was.
【Tsukasa】Hmm... What should I do...?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d004001
[Caption] Morinomiya Music Academy
【Male Student A】“If you are an ogre, then I have every reason to cut you down. I shall destroy all ogres who do harm to people...!”
【Male Student B】“Oh? Someone's hunting ogres? That's interesting. He must not value his life very much...”
【Tsukasa】Everybody everywhere is practicing lines by themselves...!
【Rui】Yes, this is what things must be like whenever Morinomiya is holding auditions for a show.
【Tsukasa】Oh, that person's practicing for a sword fight!
【Tsukasa】Look at the way he's moving...!
【Tsukasa】His strength and agility must be off the charts. I can't help but be impressed...!
【Rui】You certainly seem to be enjoying yourself, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Yes, getting to experience this atmosphere firsthand is quite enjoyable indeed.
【Tsukasa】Especially since the boys weren't scheduled to audition for anything during our time here.
【Tsukasa】Nene told us that Morinomiya's auditions are very intense, but I wasn't expecting this...
【Rui】They may be more motivated than usual, since this isn't one of their regular auditions.
【Rui】Still, I wasn't expecting them to hold auditions for students to perform in Kikyogumi's show.
【Tsukasa】Me neither. And I couldn't be more jealous of them.
【Rui】Which is understandable, since one stands to grow quite a lot by performing as part of Kikyogumi.
【Tsukasa】They are our fellow students, so we should give them as much support as we can.
【Rui】Yes, I wish them all the best of luck.
【Tsukasa】But I was startled by the play they chose for this audition.
【Rui】Yes, they went with “Ouka Kenshiden: The Sakura Swordsman”...
【Rui】The very play we saw Kikyogumi perform.
【Tsukasa】I wasn't expecting to hear the title again this soon after being so moved by that performance.
【Rui】It seems like the perfect choice in terms of testing an actor's skills and moxie.
【Rui】Not only do your acting skills need to be up to snuff, you also need to be very good with a sword.
【Tsukasa】Yes, it sounds like a fun challenge.
【Tsukasa】Ever since we saw it that day, I've actually been thinking about how I'd play each character.
【Tsukasa】The namesake swordsman and his nemesis, the ogre, seem particularly challenging since they both require you to be fierce but delicate.
【Tsukasa】You have no idea how much trouble I had figuring out how to play them.
【Rui】Hehe. I assume that means you were able to find a satisfactory solution.
【Tsukasa】Of course. I managed to come up with a plan for both of them!
【Tsukasa】Unfortunately, I won't have a chance to actually present them...
【Rui】Yes, since we visiting students aren't allowed to audition.
【Rui】That being said, I would've liked to see what Morinomiya thinks of your renditions.
【Tsukasa】I feel the same way... But there's also no need to feel sad.
【Rui】What do you mean?
【Tsukasa】I may not be allowed to audition, but I can still practice for it like I am!
【Tsukasa】I already went to all that trouble. And now, I have a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to polish my acting plans in this intense atmosphere.
【Tsukasa】Let us make the most of every second we have here at Morinomiya!
【Rui】Now I see.
【Rui】In that case, I'll help. Having a rival should make it feel more like a real audition, yes?
【Tsukasa】Yes, that's what I like to hear! Then, which scene should we do first? I was thinking...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Tsukasa】Okay, I've finished warming up! I'm ready to begin practicing for our show anytime!
【Miku】Wow! You sound so fired up, Tsukasa☆
【MEIKO】Yes, your excitement has this wonderful infectiousness to it!
【Tsukasa】That's because it's been so long since we put together a show ourselves! I had trouble sleeping last night due to the excitement!
【Tsukasa】The plushies have also been saying just how much they're looking forward to seeing Wonderlands×Showtime perform! So, we plan to put on the best show imaginable!
【Emu】Yeah☆ We also need to thank you and the others for giving us such a huge hand, KAITO♪
【KAITO】Hehe. Thank you for inviting us to help. Let's keep doing our best for our plushie friends, shall we?
【Rui】We'll be performing in the harbor's plaza, yes? Coming up with ideas for that location should be a worthwhile exercise.
【Nene】It sounded like a lot of them plan on coming to see our show, so we need to make sure they all get to have fun.
【Tsukasa】They should, since we've included a number of action scenes! It'll be a chance to make full use of our Mikazukigumi training!
【Emu】We decided to put those in because of your suggestion, KAITO!
【KAITO】Yes, since you all worked so hard during your time with Mikazukigumi. I feel that those scenes will enhance the story nicely.
【Rui】I've outlined the general flow of all the action scenes, but I'll be asking you and Tsukasa for your opinions when we put things into practice.
【Rui】So, let's do our best to create some really breathtaking scenes for the plushies.
【Tsukasa & Emu】Yes! Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Len】Tsukasa and Emu's action scene is coming up...!
【Tsukasa】(This show is a comedic musical that takes place in a city...)
【Tsukasa】(Overall, it's a fun and hectic show, but this is probably the most exciting part.)
【Tsukasa】(Emu plays a phantom thief, while I'll be chasing her around as a police officer.)
【Tsukasa】(If we can pull off our stunts and work in sync, we should be able to make our audience go wild.)
【KAITO】Okay, ready? Begin!
【Tsukasa】“Stop right there! I have you now!”
[Sound] bgm00282
【Tsukasa】“I will catch you today! So, stay still and let me restrain you!”
【Emu】“Heh heh! If you're so sure you can catch me, then come and get me!”
【Tsukasa】“Grr! Not about to give up, are you?! But I'm going to wipe that smile off of your face!”
【Tsukasa】(I'm supposed to try to catch her as she deftly slips away every time.)
【Tsukasa】“Hup! Hm?! Grr!”
【Emu】“Haha! I'm over here!”
【Rin】Whoa, check it out☆ They're working in perfect sync♪
【Tsukasa】(Yes! Next, I catch up to Emu and grab at her arm! The way she evades effortlessly, almost tauntingly, is meant to leave a strong impression...)
【Tsukasa】(I know...! I shouldn't just grab at her arm! I could try...)
【Tsukasa】(Yes, that would help make Emu look more dynamic! We didn't actually practice this, but...)
【Tsukasa】“Argh! You slippery fiend! Come heeeeere!!”
[Sound] se00220_b
[Sound] se00220_b
【Nene】Huh? Is he supposed to run like that?
【Rui】No, but...
【Emu】“Try all you like, but the result will always be the same! Haha!”
[Sound] se00220_b
【Tsukasa】(I'll make it look like I've lost my balance, and do a series of spins!)
【Tsukasa】“Gaaaaahhhh!”
[Sound] se00220_b
【MEIKO】That's it, Emu! You dodged him really beautifully there!
【Miku】Haha! Tsukasa's spinning round and round!
【Tsukasa】“No, my eyes are spinning...! Where are you, thief...?”
【Emu】“Pokey poke!”
【Tsukasa】“What?! When did you get behind me?!”
【Emu】“Hmm... If this keeps up, then it's going to be a hundred years before you catch me.”
【Tsukasa】“Grr...! I am just getting started! Prepare yourself!”
[Sound] se_run_women_002_1
[Sound] se_run_men_002_1
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Well, that ended up becoming a wonderfully exciting scene, did it not?!
[Sound] bgm00180
【Emu】Yeah! What did you guys think?!
【Rin】You two were so amazing!
【Miku】I really loved the part when Tsukasa dashed full speed to tackle Emu, but she dodged it easily!
【Rui】Emu looked all the more agile because he threw himself at her with such momentum.
【MEIKO】Yes, it was really enjoyable to watch! When did you two practice that?
【Nene】I don't think they did. That was improvised, right? All you did was make eye contact with Emu before you made your move.
【Tsukasa】Oh, you could tell?! Yes, that was all us improvising!
【Rin & Len】Really?!
【KAITO】I had a feeling... You really did a magnificent job of dodging him when he flew towards you, Emu.
【Emu】Hehe. This jolt went down my spine when he made eye contact☆
【Emu】I got the feeling that Tsukasa was about to do something really funny!
【KAITO】I see...
【Emu】Oh, Tsukasa, that reminds me! I also came up with an idea! Can we give it a try?
【Tsukasa】Of course! As it happens, I have another idea on how to improve our action scenes as well!
【Rui】Wonderful. I'd love to hear more.
【Tsukasa】Okay! Then, let's start with the scene we just did!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d002501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
[Caption] Harbor
【Tsukasa】We were supposed to meet here for today's practice, but...
[Sound] se_walk_men_001_1
【Tsukasa】Oh, there you all are. Why are you gathered around the tree?
【Rui】Ah, Tsukasa... We were just making sure that it's doing okay.
【Emu】Yeah, we wanted to make sure there weren't any black fragments like before.
【Tsukasa】I see. As far as I can tell, everything seems normal.
【Nene】Yeah. But what if it happens again...?
【Miku】Hmm... They did appear totally out of the blue.
【Luka】This SEKAI may yet hold many more secrets. I was honestly startled by how those fragments made you all fall asleep.
【KAITO】To be fair, someone being awake one moment and asleep the next was hardly a first for this SEKAI.
【Luka】Oh, really?
【MEIKO】We have you to thank, Luka. Still, I'm glad that you all woke up and there weren't any problems!
【Rin】Me too. I didn't know what we were gonna do if you guys stayed asleep...!
【Tsukasa】I see. That means we caused you all quite a lot of concern.
【Rui】It was my fault for not thinking twice before touching them. I ended up dragging us all into that dream...
【Nene】I mean, we don't blame you. None of us thought we'd end up in that state.
【Emu】Yeah! If you didn't touch them, Rui, then I probably would've!
【Tsukasa】Hey, don't act so proud!
【Tsukasa】In any case, I don't think it was an entirely bad experience since we gained a new level of understanding of this SEKAI.
【Rui】Yes, I agree...
【Rui】However, now that we know what those fragments do, we may want to refrain from touching anything we don't recognize.
【Emu】I guess that also means we shouldn't bring the things we find over to show everybody.
【Nene】That would normally involve touching it, yeah.
【Rin】There might be stuff on the ground, so that means we gotta really watch where we walk!
【Len】R-Right. We need to keep an eye out so you guys don't touch anything weird...!
【Tsukasa】We appreciate the caution... But I don't think you need to worry that much about us.
【Rin】Huh?
【Tsukasa】Those fragments were born out of all our feelings, no?
【Tsukasa】So, I doubt they're that dangerous. We ultimately managed to wake up, after all.
【Len】But...
【KAITO】I agree... I don't think there's any need to worry.
【KAITO】To be fair, I can't say with absolute certainty...
【KAITO】But that dream had you all going your separate ways to achieve your own goals, yes?
【Tsukasa】Yes, that's right.
【KAITO】And because of that dream, I believe the four of you made an important realization all over again.
【KAITO】You felt compelled to make the most of the time you get to spend putting on shows together.
【KAITO】When you look at it that way, it doesn't seem so scary.
【Nene】Yeah, you're right...
【Rui】You also said something similar, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Yes, it was a good reminder of how we need to treasure the time we get to spend together each day.
【Tsukasa】Also, even if more fragments were to appear in the future, they don't necessarily have to be related to negative feelings.
【Tsukasa】Next time, they might be fragments born out of fun and joy!
【Rin】Yeah! Fun fragments means you'll all get to see a fun dream, right?♪
【KAITO】Yes, if the feelings are powerful enough.
【Emu】I want my dream to be about eating lots and lots of taiyaki☆
【Len】Oh, Tsukasa, what do you want your dream to be about?
【Tsukasa】Obviously, about us putting on the best show ever!
【Rui】Oh? Shouldn't you be more focused on making that dream come true?
【Nene】We did come here to practice for a show.
【Tsukasa】Right! Let's change gears and get back to working on that!
【Nene, Emu & Rui】Yeah. Yeah! Yes.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000603
[Caption] Tsukasa's Room
[Sound] se00055_b
【Tsukasa】Now all that's left is a handkerchief, and a hat as well, just in case.
【Tsukasa】There... That's just about everything I can think of.
【Tsukasa】(Tomorrow is the day of the surprise tour Emu and the others planned for me...)
【Tsukasa】(But as I have no idea of our destination, I don't know what I ought to bring.)
【Tsukasa】Ah, yes, they did instruct me on what to wear. Let me review Emu's message...
[Sound] se00183_b
【Emu's Message】<Tsukasa! Wear clothes that are easy to move around in tomorrow, 'kay? And maybe bring a lot of drinks, too☆>
【Tsukasa】Clothing that's easy to move in, and drinks... Are we exercising, perhaps?
【Tsukasa】Well, as Rui said, I suppose I'll find out when I get there. Now, exercise clothes... I believe they're in...
【???】<Tsukasa☆>
【Tsukasa】Hm?
[Sound] se00028_b
【Miku】<Here we go, everyone☆ One, two, three!>
【Miku】<Happy birthday, Tsukasa!>
[Sound] bgm00190
【Everyone】Happy birthday!
【Tsukasa】Oh! Thank you, everyone!
【Tsukasa】I suppose the date changed over when I wasn't looking.
【Len】<That's right! We decided to come say happy birthday the very first second!>
【Rin】<We're the first ones to say it, right?!>
【Tsukasa】Indeed you are! And a fine start to my birthday it's made!
【Luka】<Hehe, I'm glad to hear it. It sounds like our surprise worked.>
【KAITO】<Definitely.>
【KAITO】<Were you getting ready for tomorrow, Tsukasa?>
【Tsukasa】That's right. I had just finished, in fact.
【Tsukasa】The only thing left to do is to meet up with the others tomorrow and enjoy the day to its fullest!
【Miku】<Hehehe. It's exciting not knowing where you're going, huh☆>
【MEIKO】<You'll be coming here in the evening, right? I hope you're looking forward to our party, too!>
【Tsukasa】Of course! As soon as the tour is over, we'll come to you.
[Sound] se00048_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【Saki's Voice】Tsukasa! Are you awake?
[Sound] se00632
【Tsukasa】I am indeed!
[Sound] se00043_b
【Saki】Sorry to bug you so late. There's something I wanna give you...
[Sound] se00055_b
【Saki】Ta-daa! Happy birthday, Tsukasa! Here's your present, from me♪
[Sound] bgm00171
【Tsukasa】Let's see... A hand towel!
【Saki】Yeah! It's warm and soft and fluffy!
【Saki】I hope it'll be soothing for you even during your most intense training sessions!
【Tsukasa】Oooh. It certainly is warm and fluffy...
【Tsukasa】Yes, I can already tell this towel will soothe me every time I wipe my sweat. Thank you, Saki! I'll use it gladly!
【Saki】Yeah! Oh, you have your surprise tour tomorrow, right? Have lots of fun with everyone!
【Tsukasa】You know I will! And it seems we'll be engaging in physical activity, so I'll bring this towel along as well!
【Saki】Hmm... If you're going to bring a towel, maybe a slightly bigger one would be better?
【Tsukasa】Hm? What do you mean?
【Saki】Oh, uh, never mind!
【Saki】I'm sure it'll be a great day! Good night, Tsukasa♪
[Sound] se00043_b
【Tsukasa】R-Right... Sleep well!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Tsukasa】Aah! Not a cloud in the sky, and a pleasant breeze!
【Tsukasa】This is...the perfect weather for a tooour!
【Emu】The perfect weather!
【Rui】You're even more energetic than usual this morning, Tsukasa. I suppose you are the guest of honor, after all.
【Tsukasa】I received birthday wishes from Miku and the others, and a wonderful present from Saki...
【Tsukasa】And having received a kind message from Toya this morning as well, I'm charged to the max with celebration power!
【Nene】Celebration power?
【Tsukasa】Indeed. And what's more, Toya's message was not only a text, but a voice message...
【Tsukasa】And what's even more! That message was not only from Toya, but from everyone in Vivid BAD SQUAD!
【Tsukasa】The four of them even sang me a birthday song at the end!
【Rui】Well, well. That's quite a surprise.
【Tsukasa】Yes. Even in a distant land, they're thinking of me... It truly warms my heart.
【Tsukasa】Unfortunately, their message arrived just as I was leaving the house, so I could only send a brief reply...
【Tsukasa】But I intend to send them a song of thanks myself soon! And given the recipients, it will have to be an impressive one!
【Emu】Ooh, so it's a reverse surprise☆
【Nene】I think just saying thank you would do the job...
【Rui】Hehe. We'll have to make our surprise tour equally as fulfilling, won't we?
【Nene】Well, I guess so.
【Emu】Okay, everyone! It's time for the Make Tsukasa Super Duper Happy Smiley Tour to begin☆
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah! As of today, you'll find me a changed man! Be it deep oceans or tall mountains, bring it on!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a004801
[Caption] SpoJoy Park
【Emu】Here we are! Our first stop is SpoJoy Park!
【Tsukasa】Ah, an opportunity to enjoy sports with my friends!
【Rui】However, given the occasion, we've decided to raise the stakes just a little.
【Tsukasa】Stakes?
【Nene】You'll play a series of one-on-one matches against us.
【Nene】For each match you win, our lunch plans for after this will be upgraded by one level.
【Tsukasa】For each match... Meaning, if I win all three matches I can expect a truly extravagant luncheon?!
【Nene】I don't know about extravagant... But that's the idea.
【Rui】Don't worry. Even if you lose every match, you'll still get a satisfactory lunch for sure.
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah! Me, lose every match? Unthinkable! I'll secure three victories with grace and panache!
【Emu】Ooh, someone's motivated☆
【Rui】Hehe. Shall we go, then? The stage for our clash shall be the table tennis room.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00052
【Tsukasa】Eat this! Magical Dream Pegasus Smash!!!
[Sound] se00852
【Emu】Ooh, so cool! Okay, I'll do one too! Let's see... Sparkling Rainbow Special Strike!
[Sound] se00853
【Tsukasa】What?! You returned my Magical Dream Pegasus Smash?!
【Tsukasa】Grr... In that case... Try my Technical Revolution Pegasus Smash!
【Nene】None of these sound like table tennis techniques.
[Sound] se00856
【Emu】Wow, wow! They're keeping the rally going so well!
【Rui】Tsukasa's match point is on the line, after all. It's little wonder they're both so heated.
[Sound] se00856
【Nene】Ugh, no matter where I hit it he sends it right back. He's so persistent! But I can't let myself lose to Tsuka—
[Sound] se00849
[Sound] se00850
[Sound] se00851
【Nene】Ah!
[Sound] se00857
【Tsukasa】How kind of you to lob the ball, Nene! Here I go! Pegasus... Smaaash!!!
[Sound] se00854
【Tsukasa】Alright! Two more points and I win!
【Rui】Not bad. But I've found my rhythm now. The real match starts here.
【Emu】Go, Tsukasa! Go, Rui!
【Tsukasa】(If I win here, I'll have secured three wins.)
【Tsukasa】(Surely an unbelievably luxurious lunch will be waiting for me...and so!)
【Tsukasa】This victory goes...to me!!!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003001
[Caption] One hour later
[Caption] Foothills
【Tsukasa】...
【Tsukasa】I admit it, I did lose to Rui. I couldn't stand up to his trick shots once he got serious...
【Tsukasa】But... I won twice, you know? So why... Why...
[Background Change] bg_a003701
【Tsukasa】Why are we in the mountaaaiiins?!
[Background Change] bg_a003001
【Rui】Exactly the reaction we predicted.
[Sound] bgm00015
【Nene】Don't worry, the bug spray we used is pretty strong.
【Tsukasa】Ah, that is a relief to hear... But not the point!
【Tsukasa】What kind of luncheon are we supposed to have in the mountains?! There's not a single eatery in sight!
【Nene】We'll explain everything, so just settle down a bit.
【Nene】Yes, we're in the mountains, but that's because we want you to enjoy freshly harvested ingredients.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】What does that mean?
【Nene】You remember the clearing we passed on the way to the trail? That's a barbeque rental site.
【Rui】This area also grows many wild greens. All of the species listed on this pamphlet are free for the taking.
【Tsukasa】Free for the taking... You mean we can enjoy as much of these as we like?!
[Sound] bgm00230
【Emu】Ding ding ding☆ And it's not just wild mountain vegetables either! We can fish in the river right over there, too!
【Tsukasa】So that means... Wild herbs and fresh vegetables, freshly caught fish, and barbeque? What an athletic, adventurous activity!
【Tsukasa】Forgive me for jumping to conclusions! You planned this out all for my sake, after all. I'll gladly enjoy it to the fullest!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002901
[Sound] bgm00171
[Caption] Barbeque Site
【Tsukasa】Thank you for the delicious meal!
【Emu, Nene & Rui】That was delicious☆ That was really good.
【Tsukasa】Phew, I'm stuffed.
【Tsukasa】The wild greens were delicious, and the freshly caught rainbow trout were amazing grilled with salt!
【Nene】The meat we ordered for extras ended up being a little much... I'm glad we spent all morning moving around.
【Tsukasa】Indeed! Thanks to that, we were able to finish everything!
【Tsukasa】I must say, I had no idea there were places like this where you can enjoy the bounty of nature so directly.
【Emu】Hehehe. Actually, Haruka and the others told us about this place!
【Tsukasa】Oh, I see! But why would they...?
【Emu】Well, we were working on the tour plan at school, and we happened to run into them!
【Emu】And when we explained what we were doing, they said they'd love to help come up with fun ideas for your birthday, and we all planned it together!
【Tsukasa】I see. It sounds like they had quite a store of knowledge to share. I'll have to give Kiritani and the others my thanks soon, as well!
【Tsukasa】And to you all. For coming up with such a wonderful plan for my sake...from the bottom of my heart, thank you!
【Tsukasa】We enjoyed heated sports battles and a delicious lunch experience.
【Tsukasa】Thanks to you all, today has been an unforgettable birthday!
【Nene】I see... I'm glad you enjoyed yourself.
【Rui】Me, too. But... Don't tell me you think the surprise tour is over already?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】As they say, “But wait! There's tour!”
【Tsukasa】Surely you mean “But wait, there's more”... But what else could there be?
【Emu】Ahem☆ I will now announce our final destination of the day!
【Emu】Here, take this phone♪
【Tsukasa】Hm? There's a call ongoing!
【Saki】“Hello! Having fun, Tsukasa?”
【Tsukasa】That voice! Saki?!
[Sound] bgm00231
【Saki】“That's right! And the final destination for your surprise tour is... Our house!”
【Saki】“We're getting everything ready for your birthday party right now. We have a cake too, so look forward to that!”
【Tsukasa】R-Right...
【Saki】“Okay, see you soon!”
[Sound] se00138_b
【Tsukasa】...
【Emu】And there you have it! That was our special guest, Saki!
【Tsukasa】I utterly let my guard down... I never expected an additional surprise right at the very end...
【Tsukasa】Everyone! Let us prepare to return home right away! We must rendezvous with Saki and the others as soon as possible!
【Emu】Yes sir! Time to get cleaning up, everyone!
【Nene】We actually have some leeway on time, but seeing how excited Tsukasa is, I feel like we should hurry up and get it done fast.
【Rui】True. Let's not keep him waiting.
【Tsukasa】*Roar* Just you wait, Saki! I'm coming home now!!!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000446
[Sound] bgm00241
【Toya】Happy birthday, Tsukasa. I never expected to receive a thank-you song from you. It was a real shock.
【Akito】You say song, but it was practically a mini-musical. And weirdly intense on the direction...
【An】It was a great song! The acting too, but I guess that's to be expected...
【An】But it's your birthday, so it feels a little strange that we got something so nice and thoughtful.
【Kohane】Hehe. It's very like Tsukasa, for sure.
【Kohane】Thanks again, Tsukasa! And very happy birthday, too!
【Mizuki】Happy birthday, Tsukasa!
【Mizuki】Mafuyu and I picked out your present together, you know! I'll pass it along to Rui next time I see him, so be sure to get it from him♪
【Mafuyu】Mizuki spent a very long time debating what kind of hat would best suit you, Tenma. But I think all that worry was worth it in the end, and I hope you'll agree.
【Shizuku】Are you all ready? One, two, three—
【Shizuku】Happy birthday, Tsukasa!
【Minori, Haruka & Airi】Happy birthday!
【Airi】I heard you were going to that barbeque spot for lunch today. Did you enjoy yourselves there?
【Haruka】You can get some good exercise in, and enjoy fresh food right after. It's the perfect place for you, Tenma.
【Shizuku】That reminds me, I got a message from Tsukasa earlier. He said they had a lot of fun, and sent along this photo too.
【Minori】Aww, everyone's enjoying the barbeque together! And Tsukasa's grinning from ear to ear!
【Shizuku】Yes, it looks like it'll be a wonderful memory for them all. Tsukasa, thank you for the lovely picture. I hope we can all have a barbeque together someday.
【Saki】Tsukasa! Happy birthday! I'm so glad you enjoyed your surprise so much!
【Shiho】You did get back a little sooner than we expected, which caught us off guard.
【Ichika】He did say he raced back home as fast as he could for Saki's sake. That's just how Tsukasa is, really.
【Honami】Definitely. And the party was so much fun... I hope it'll be a fun memory for Tsukasa.
【Saki】Yeah, yeah! Happy birthday again, Tsukasa! You're giving it 100% chasing your dream, so I'll support you 100% too!
【Nene】I'm glad you liked our surprise tour.
【Emu】Yeah! We got to see sooo much of Tsukasa's smile!
【Rui】I couldn't help but smile myself, seeing you enjoy yourself so much.
【Rui】It's just like a future star to bring such joy to those around him.
【Nene】There definitely are times when you just drag us all around in your wake... But it really is amazing how naturally you can make others smile, Tsukasa.
【Emu】Yeah! You'll definitely bring smiles to people all around the world someday!
【Emu】Let's all keep on making people smile, Tsukasa! All of us, together☆
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【Tsukasa】Thank you so much, everyone! I've received so many kind well-wishes today!
【Tsukasa】Every time I receive such support, I'm reminded... These warm feelings of companionship must never be taken for granted.
【Tsukasa】That is why I treasure the feelings I receive... And seek to repay them with even greater smiles!
【Tsukasa】Look forward to the continuing career of Tsukasa Tenma, Pegasus Dreamer! Let's meet again on the stage!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d007001
[Caption] ArcLand
【Tsukasa】Our workshop begins today! Are you two resolved and ready?!
【Emu】Aye, captain! My motivation tanks are completely full!
【Nene】I'm also ready... But this is embarrassing. Can we leave it there?
【Tsukasa】Hahaha! It's our first day! It's important to be excited!
【Tsukasa】After all, this is an incredibly valuable opportunity for us to learn from the world's best.
【Tsukasa】We must learn as much as we possibly can from this workshop!
【Emu & Nene】Yeah! Yeah...!
【Tsukasa】And I'm not just taking about the incredible teachers they've gathered.
【Tsukasa】We stand to learn a lot from the other cast members who will be participating alongside us.
【Nene】Right. They taught us a lot when we did that show together...
【???】Hey, you guys!
[Sound] se_walk_men_001_1
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_1
【Tsukasa】It's wonderful to see all of you again!
【Tsukasa】We didn't get a chance to talk during orientation, so I'm glad we're able to now!
【ArcLand Cast Member A】Yeah, we're also really glad to see you guys.
【ArcLand Cast Member B】Last time we talked would have been that joint-performance. How have you guys been? Good?
【Emu】Yeah, we've been super duper wonderhoy!
【ArcLand Cast Member B】Haha. You haven't changed at all, Emu.
【Nene】You all seem to be doing well, too.
【Tsukasa】You really surprised us during orientation. I certainly didn't expect a song of welcome...
【ArcLand Cast Member A】It's been so long that we felt that we should surprise you all by doing something fun.
【ArcLand Cast Member B】We were crushed when we weren't chosen to be the greeters, so we decided to steal the spotlight back from Asahi.
【Tsukasa】I see... I suppose we shouldn't expect anything less from a group of true entertainers.
【Tsukasa】Darn it. Now I feel like I should've come prepared with something...
【Nene】This isn't a competition.
【ArcLand Cast Member A】Still, we couldn't believe it when we heard that you'd be participating in one of our workshops.
【Tsukasa】Yes, we couldn't be more thankful to be given this opportunity.
【Tsukasa】We've actually been working with...
[Sound] bgm00000
【ArcLand Cast Member A】Wow, so you guys have been training with all kinds of troupes.
[Sound] bgm00171
【Tsukasa】Yes, and now we've been given an opportunity to learn here with all of you from ArcLand.
【ArcLand Cast Member A】I see... I'm actually kinda relieved.
【Nene】Huh?
【ArcLand Cast Member A】We had heard that Wonderlands×Showtime had left the Wonder Stage.
【ArcLand Cast Member B】We were afraid that we'd never get to see the four of you do another show.
【ArcLand Cast Member B】So it's great to hear that the four of you are still doing your best together.
【Tsukasa】Thank you for being so concerned about us!
【ArcLand Cast Member A】Haha. Hey, we're comrades who stood on the same stage together, aren't we?
【ArcLand Cast Member B】You really lit a fire under us during that exchange.
【ArcLand Cast Member A】And I'm sure this time will be no different.
【ArcLand Cast Member A】I mean, we get to see just how much you guys have all grown, right?
【Tsukasa】That's right. We promise to do our best to deliver just that.
【ArcLand Cast Member A】*Nod* We can't wait.
【ArcLand Cast Member B】Anyway, we'll see you guys later.
[Sound] se_walk_men_001_2
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_2
【Tsukasa】I didn't realize they were so worried about us.
【Nene】Yeah, I was a little surprised... But I feel really happy now.
【Emu】Hehe. They even said that they wanna see us do another show together!
【Tsukasa】I'm glad we had a chance to talk to them before the workshop got underway. I feel even more motivated now!
【Tsukasa】They have high hopes for us, so we need to do our best to not disappoint them!
【Tsukasa】Let's take everything that we've learned through our training and throw it at this workshop!
【Nene & Emu】Yeah...! Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000701
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Rooftop
【Tsukasa】(Natalia Santi's “Living For The Stage”...)
【Tsukasa】(I bought it in order to get a better understanding of what we're doing for the workshop, but this is a bigger educational asset than I realized.)
【Tsukasa】(It includes everything from her process of getting into character to techniques of expression and bearing, and even vocal acting.)
【Tsukasa】(I see. This is what she was talking about the other day when we were discussing acting methods...)
【???】Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】(This does such a good job of explaining all the things I couldn't quite wrap my head around.)
【Tsukasa】(I'll review this again before our next workshop meeting.)
【Rui】Can you hear me, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Hm...?
【Tsukasa】Whoa, Rui?! How long have you been there?!
【Rui】Hehe. That book must be very captivating.
【Rui】Mind if I ask what you're reading?
【Tsukasa】It's a book by Natalia Santi, one of the workshop teachers.
【Rui】Ah, I'm familiar with that one.
【Rui】It's received quite a lot of praise for its eminently practical approach to acting.
【Tsukasa】Yes, it should prove an invaluable tool while we attend this workshop.
【Tsukasa】Particularly because the material is so advanced.
【Tsukasa】The teachers are world-class, of course, and the participating members of ArcLand are seasoned veterans as well.
【Tsukasa】In almost every conversation, it's driven home how painfully shallow my understanding of the craft is.
【Rui】I see. So that's why you're studying up.
【Tsukasa】It sounds like things are hardly any easier over on the directors' course, either.
【Tsukasa】That's all you were thinking about during class today, right? Your attention was a thousand miles away.
【Rui】Your eyes are sharp.
【Rui】You're spot on, Tsukasa. This assignment is proving quite a difficult one.
【Rui】It's not easy to change up one's entire approach to showmaking.
【Tsukasa】I see... It sounds like we're both going to be wracking our heads for a while.
【Tsukasa】At the same time... It's thrilling, isn't it?
【Tsukasa】We've learned a lot through our training until now...
【Tsukasa】And the more we learn, the more we see we need to work on.
【Tsukasa】In other words, we still have so much room to grow.
【Tsukasa】So, I'm going to take this opportunity to grow once again, and get one step closer to becoming a star!
【Rui】Hehe. A typically Tsukasa-like positive outlook.
【Rui】But, you're right... This has been a fun challenge.
【Tsukasa】Oh, look at the time... We've been talking so long that lunch is almost half over.
【Tsukasa】Let's hurry up and finish eating so that we're ready for classes this afternoon!
【Rui】Yes, you should probably hurry.
【Tsukasa】Hm? Me? What about you? Aren't you having lunch?
【Rui】I'll just stick with this drink. I'd rather spend as much time as I can working on my show.
【Tsukasa】There you go again...!
【Tsukasa】If you don't eat properly, then you're going to struggle to come up with good ideas!
【Tsukasa】You really didn't bring anything? If so, I'll share some of my food with you. Eat up.
【Rui】Alright... I suppose I should listen to what my troupe leader has to say.
【Tsukasa】Well said. So, let's eat!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d007001
[Caption] ArcLand
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_4
【Emu】Here we aaare! Let's all work hard at the workshop!!!
【Tsukasa】Indeed. There are only a few days left, after all. Let's not slack off, and learn as much as we can!
【Nene】It's good that you two are motivated and all...
【Nene】But we're here really early. The workshop classes don't start for another hour.
【Rui】We decided to run here to build stamina right after morning practice, but it seems we arrived earlier than anticipated.
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah! It only goes to show how excited we are!
【Rui】Either way, what should we do? It would be nice to find someplace to pass the time...
【Tsukasa】Hmm... In that case, why don't we enjoy a relaxing morning tea at my usual spot!
【Nene】You have a usual spot?
【Tsukasa】Yes! In the north section of the park!
【Tsukasa】It's away from the central area, so it's usually not crowded. We can rest there without getting in the way of any park guests.
【Tsukasa】It's this way! Follow me!
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_4
【Nene】Come to think of it, I don't think I've ever been to the north area.
【Rui】Neither have I. I always go directly to the workshop venue.
【Emu】Do you come up this way a lot, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Yes. I go on walks up here during breaks, usually.
【Tsukasa】Oh! Good morning, sir!
【Cleaner】Well, if it isn't Tsukasa! Got your workshop today?
【Tsukasa】That's right. We happened to arrive a little early, so I plan to have tea with my friends!
【Cleaner】Oh, over at your usual spot? They've started the new seasonal menu, so I hope you all enjoy!
【Tsukasa】Oh, that's exciting to hear! We'll be sure to give it a try!
【Cleaner】Okay, you kids take care. Good luck with the workshop!
【Tsukasa】Thank you! Let's speak again sometime soon!
【Emu】Wow... Tsukasa seemed really friendly with that person!
【Nene】Y-Yeah...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Here we are, my go-to cafe!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Nene】Huh? It looks like a gift shop... Oh, they have tables to sit and drink tea too.
【Vendor】I know that voice... Hello there, Tsukasa! Good to see you again.
【Tsukasa】Yes! I've brought my friends today!
【Emu】Hello there!
【Vendor】Hello to you too! Let's see... Emu, Nene, Rui. Is that right?
【Rui】You know who we are?
【Vendor】I've heard a lot about you from Tsukasa. You're all participating in the workshop, right?
【Vendor】Our workshops are pretty intense, but good luck. I hope it'll be a good experience for all of you.
【Emu】Oh wow, thank you!
【Rui】From your conversations with this person and the cleaner from before... You certainly seem to have become close with the staff here, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Huh, now that you mention it... I wonder when that started?
【Tsukasa】I figured that, since we'd be guests of ArcLand, it would be proper to say hello to the staff... And before I knew it...
【Vendor】Haha. You were always so energetic and greeted us with such a loud voice, we all just naturally started recognizing you.
【Emu】Hahaha, that's Tsukasa, alright!
【Vendor】Hearing about your shows and all the training you're doing has been my little worktime treat lately.
【Vendor】But, well... That does make me a little sad, too.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Hm? Why is that?
【Vendor】Well, you said the workshop will be ending soon, right? Pretty soon I won't be able to hear your stories anymore.
【Tsukasa】It's true, I won't be able to come by as often as before...
【Tsukasa】But... I will come back to see you!
【Vendor】Huh?
【Tsukasa】ArcLand is a wonderful park. I still have so much to learn here as an actor!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Tsukasa】So of course I'll come back again, and when I do, I promise to come by and say hello!
【Vendor】Tsukasa... Thanks!
【Vendor】Well, you have to get through the workshop first.
【Vendor】I hope you'll stop by before you leave and give me some good news!
【Tsukasa】Yes, of course! We'll achieve great results and come by to tell you all about it!
【Emu】We'll all come back, together!
【Vendor】Haha, thank you. I'm looking forward to it already.
【Tsukasa】I had already intended to work hard for these last few days... But now I have even more reason to!
【Emu】Yeah! Let's work really hard, so we can give him good news and he can tell us we did a good job!
【Nene】Hehe, yeah.
【Tsukasa】And the first step toward that is to enjoy our teatime to the fullest! Excuse me! We're ready to order!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
[Sound] se00627
【Tsukasa】Huff... Huff! We're keeping a good pace!
【Miku】Go, Tsukasa, go♪ Let's finish up strong☆
【MEIKO】We're almost there!
【Tsukasa】Right! Time to buckle down and sprint! Raise the pace!
【Tsukasa】*Roar*
【MEIKO】I'm not about to fall behind!
[Sound] se00627
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Huff, huff...! Phew...! Ten laps around the park...done!
[Sound] bgm_area00004
【Tsukasa】We worked up a fine sweat! Are you two tired at all?
【Miku】Nope, I'm fine! It's lots of fun to run with everyone!
【MEIKO】Oh, I could keep going for ages! Ten laps is a good warm-up.
【Tsukasa】W-Warm-up?!
【Tsukasa】I-I've always known you two had stamina, but... That is truly impressive.
【Tsukasa】You need stamina to give your best performance! I need to build just as much stamina as you have!
【Miku】Stamina, huh... What kind of training do you do for that, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Hmm... Well...
【MEIKO】Oh, I have just the thing! Do you want to try my special stamina-building regimen together?
【Tsukasa】Yes, of course! What kind of training is it?
【MEIKO】You pick up that pot over there, and dash over to the Ferris wheel with it!
【MEIKO】It builds stamina while also strengthening your arms, back, legs and hips... You can work on different areas all at once.
【Tsukasa】Oh, I see! A straightforward routine to build pure strength.
【Miku】Ooh, that sounds like fun☆ Okay, I'll do it too!
【Tsukasa】Excellent. Then, I'll take this pot...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Hrrrrrggh...! Nnnngh...?!
[Sound] bgm00053
【Miku】Hrrrgh!!!
【MEIKO】You can do it! Keep at it!
【Tsukasa】Hrgh! Gah! I can't...!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Miku】I-I don't think I can either...!
【MEIKO】Huh? What's wrong, you two?
【Tsukasa】N-Nothing is wrong with us! These flowerpots refuse to move an inch!
[Sound] bgm00015
【Miku】They're so heavy, we can't even lift them!
【MEIKO】That's weird... I don't remember them being that heavy...
[Sound] se00846
【Tsukasa】What?! She just...lifted it?!
【Miku】Wow, MEIKO, you're amazing!
【MEIKO】Hehe, thanks! I can see how this might be a little too heavy for you two, though.
【MEIKO】I'll just put this back down...
[Sound] se00051_b
【Tsukasa】Even just setting it down made such an intimidating sound...
【Tsukasa】I'm sorry, MEIKO, but I think I'd need a separate training regimen just to prepare for this training regimen.
[Sound] bgm00000
【???】Oh? What are you three up to?
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_4
【Tsukasa】Oh, I was doing some training with Miku and MEIKO's gracious company.
[Sound] bgm00171
【Luka】The contest just ended, and you're still so motivated.
【Rin】You've been practicing so hard lately, we thought for sure you'd relax a bit!
【Tsukasa】I did intend to at first, but my mind has been thoroughly changed.
【KAITO】Did something happen?
【Tsukasa】I spoke with Asahi on the way home from the contest... And he said something unthinkable to me.
【Tsukasa】He said that he didn't want to lose to me...
【Tsukasa】An actor of his caliber, saying such a thing to me... I was completely taken aback.
【Tsukasa】But it truly is an honor. It means he sees me as his rival.
【MEIKO】I did think you seemed peppy lately. That explains why!
【KAITO】His rival, huh... It must be a wonderful feeling to have someone you respect so much acknowledge your ability.
【Tsukasa】Yes. His words have lit a fire in my heart!
【Tsukasa】I must learn more, work harder...and aim for ever greater heights!
【Miku】Ooh! You're fired up!
【Tsukasa】And so, I plan to rehearse like mad today! That's enough exercise for now. It's time for acting practice!
【Tsukasa】If you'd like, you're all more than welcome to join!
【Everyone】Of course!
[Sound] bgm00000
