【Tenma Tsukasa — Arresting Poise〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: Arresting Poise（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Choices for the Future
scenarioId: 013044_tsukasa01

[Background Change] bg_a000701
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Rooftop
【Tsukasa】Ah, what a beautiful day! The sun is shining bright, which means it's a perfect day to have lunch on the rooftop!
【Rui】Yes, a brighter mood does have this way of making everything taste a little better.
【Tsukasa】I need to be careful not to bend my back when I go to sit down... Alright, why don't we all sit here?
【Nene】O-Okay...
【Tsukasa】When I open the lid, I need to focus on what my fingertips are doing. Anyway, what's for lunch today...?
【Tsukasa】Oh, ginger fried pork! That's my favorite! I couldn't have asked for a better surprise!
【Tsukasa】Hm? What's the matter? Is there something you don't like included in your lunch?
【Nene】What have you been muttering to yourself...? You've been moving around really carefully...
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah! You noticed?!
【Nene】There'd be something wrong with me if I didn't.
【Tsukasa】I still can't get the Kikyogumi show we saw the other day out of my head.
【Tsukasa】The acting, script and directing were all excellent, but their poise is what impressed me the most.
【Tsukasa】Their elegance was staggering, was it not?!
【Nene】True, it was.
【Tsukasa】After seeing that performance, I feel like learning how to do the same now.
【Tsukasa】So, I've gone ahead and started practicing!
【Nene】Okay, that explains why you were moving all funny just now...
【Tsukasa】Funny? What do you mean? My goal is to first do normal things in an elegant manner.
【Tsukasa】It's not possible to achieve that level of sophistication overnight, so I'll need to do this constantly.
【Nene】Constantly? Wait, has he been doing this all day...?
【Rui】As far as I've seen, yes.
【Tsukasa】My classmates even marveled at my grace! That means my training is already paying off!
【Rui】About that. I was asked a few questions regarding this.
【Tsukasa】What kinds of questions?
【Rui】I was asked, “Why's Tenma erasing the chalkboard so weirdly?” And, “Why was he swaying around while reading that passage during Japanese class?”
【Rui】You definitely had their attention.
【Tsukasa】W-Wait! That's not what I was expecting them to say!
【Tsukasa】I was more under the impression that they'd become speechless over my sheer elegance!
【Tsukasa】Also, why didn't you tell me sooner if you knew that they thought I was acting strange?!
【Rui】Of course, I was going to warn you.
【Rui】But I quickly realized that it was the perfect opportunity for me to gather references for how people react in the face of the strange and unusual.
【Rui】So, I forced myself to stand back and watch. It genuinely pained me to be unable to help you during your time of need, Tsukasa...
【Tsukasa】Wait, all you did was put your own interests first!
【Tsukasa】Still, to think I was being viewed that way...! I thought I'd achieved a nice level of grace.
【Nene】You were that sure...?
【Tsukasa】Grr... Just you watch. I will find a way to move with elegance.
【Nene】Alright, we get it. Can we start eating already?
【Tsukasa】Right... Having my favorite food should lift my spirits.
【Tsukasa】Hmm...
【Nene】Oh, that reminds me. Are you all free after school today?
【Rui】I don't have any plans. Why do you ask...?
【Nene】I was wondering if we could all visit SEKAI together. Everyone's been asking about what we're currently doing at Morinomiya.
【Rui】Yes, that sounds like a good idea. We should also ask Emu.
【Nene】Yeah. Tsukasa, can you...?
【Nene】Wait, why are you frozen in place like a statue holding a pair of chopsticks now...?
【Tsukasa】Ah, I was just thinking about the most elegant way to eat this ginger fried pork...
【Tsukasa】I want to scarf down all of this right now, but I won't look very elegant if I do that. But nibbling away at it also seems like the wrong answer.
【Nene】Lunch is going to end really fast if you keep doing this.
【Nene】Seriously, you've been influenced way too much...
【Rui】Hehe. It just goes to show how spectacular the performance we saw was.
【Tsukasa】Hmm... What should I do...?
[Sound] bgm00000
