【Kiritani Haruka — Blessings Abound〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Blessings Abound（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Run! Sports Festival! Committee Rush
scenarioId: 006005_haruka02

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Haruka】One, two, three, four... Okay, that should be enough stretching.
【Haruka】(It's nice to be practicing with Minori and the others again.)
【Haruka】(I did what I could on my own when I was busy with the committee, but it's always better to train together.)
【Minori】Hello, Haruka!
【Shizuku】Now that the Sports Festival's behind us, you can join us for practice again, right?
【Haruka】Of course. Thank you for letting me skipping our sessions to work on committee stuff.
【Minori】Oh, it was no problem whatsoever!
【Airi】Yeah. And good job with the Sports Festival! It turned out great!
【Shizuku】I enjoyed being able to take part with my classmates too. It was a very memorable event.
【Haruka】Hearing that makes all my effort worth it! But I have thank you too, Airi, Shizuku...
【Haruka】I heard from another girl on the committee that it was you two who got the credit-based students to participate.
【Airi】Oh that?
【Haruka】A lot of students here are in the same line of work as us, so you hardly ever see them and don't have many event options to choose from even if they do show up.
【Haruka】We ended up investing a lot of time into figuring out how many would actually show up and how they could enjoy themselves...
【Haruka】But thanks to you, enough of those girls agreed to come and we were able to have some of them in every competition. Even the upperclassmen were surprised by this.
【Haruka】And it wasn't just the second years. You even went around to the first and third year students, and got them to sign up too!
【Minori】Wow! That's amazing, Airi, Shizuku!
【Shizuku】Oh, it was nothing really.
【Airi】Yeah. You were the selling point, Haruka. We told everyone that you were on the committee, so the event was guaranteed to be fun this year.
【Haruka】Regardless, it really worked.
【Haruka】And it was the first years who took the initiative by saying they wanted to make it better than ever...
【Haruka】Which is why it became important to see how we can get the others to go along with us.
【Airi】I see... But your worries might've been misplaced.
【Haruka】Huh?
【Shizuku】A second-year committee member visited our class a few times too, encouraging us to join.
【Airi】And that third-year girl! Your committee members seemed so invested in it, we thought we should do something to help too.
【Haruka】Really..? I had no idea.
【Airi】I bet they were all inspired by you first years!
【Minori】Wow, what a story! That's incredible!
【Haruka】Yeah. I'm surprised myself.
【Haruka】(Come to think of it, Saki said that older students helped her make the list of participants for each event...)
【Haruka】Well, I'm glad it worked out...
【Haruka】I guess we infected everyone with our overwhelming enthusiasm!
【Minori】That's great, Haruka!
【Haruka】Yeah.
【Minori】Oh, I almost forgot! You were so busy running the show that you probably didn't get to see much of anything. Want to catch up now?
【Haruka】Is this...? A video of the entire day?
【Minori】Yeah! This one's from... Oh, the ball toss!
【Student A's Voice】<Aw, these are so cute!>
【Student B's Voice】<Yeah, they are! Look, this ball has a different design on it! Cool!>
【Haruka】Oh, they really liked the pictures.
【Minori】There's this girl from my class, Shiho, who just kept mumbling, They're so cute, and kept picking them up to look at the pictures instead of throwing them!
【Haruka】Hehe. I see.
【Airi】And everyone was so motivated too. No one gave up until the end!
【Shizuku】Yes. They all only had the Sports Festival on their minds.
【Airi】Yeah. And we've got you to thank for it, Haruka!
【Airi】It was great to feel like a normal high schooler again by really having fun at a school event.
【Haruka】(Oh, how could I forget... Airi and Shizuku have been missing out on school events now because of their work too.)
【Shizuku】I made some good memories with my classmates.
【Airi】Same! It made me realize that even though being an idol is super important to me, school events are the kind of fun I don't want to miss either!
【Haruka】Yeah, me too.
【Haruka】Some things you can only experience when you're a student.
【Minori】Right! And I want to participate in as many school events as I can from now on...!
【Minori's Voice】<You can do it, Haruka!! Go! Go! Go!>
【Minori】Whoops, I left the video on!
【Airi】Hey, that's the big relay race! That got everyone really fired up!
【Shizuku】There was so much cheering from every direction... Oh, it's Shii!
【Minori's Voice】<Go, Haruka! Yay, she's ahead!>
【Shiho's Voice】<But she just passed a girl's from our class...>
【Minori's Voice】<Oh no! Uh, I don't know who I should be cheering for...!>
【Haruka】You were cheering for me even though I was competing against you.
【Minori】Hehehe! I couldn't help it...
【Haruka】Hehe. Thanks, Minori.
[Sound] bgm00000
