【KAITO — Pick A Side!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: KAITO
Card: Pick A Side!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Lead With Courage and Kindness
scenarioId: 026035_kaito01

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Rin】Good luck, everyone!
【Len】They seemed really happy.
【Miku】They should be since they know what they want to do now.
【KAITO】Honami must be so relieved...
【KAITO】She must have felt so much pressure due to the other three having already figured out their aspirations...
【MEIKO】The stress alone would've probably given you a stomach ulcer, KAITO.
【KAITO】Oh... It hurts just thinking about it...
【Luka】Hehe.
【Luka】Actually, I wasn't all that worried about her.
【MEIKO】Me neither. Though I did keep an eye out just in case...
【KAITO】Oh, really...?
【Rin】Wait, why weren't you guys worried? Because you believed she'd figure things out?
【Luka】There's that, but most importantly, I know how strong she's become.
【MEIKO】Taking time to figure out the right answer is one thing, but she'd never run away from a problem.
【Miku】Yes, it's like she's a completely different person now compared to when they got their band back together.
【KAITO】Now that you mention it, one of you told me something about how she was afraid of being disliked...
【Len】But now, she's able to speak her mind and even puts her foot down when the situation calls for it.
【Luka】Right. And despite being so worried about not knowing what her aspirations were, she was able to face that question head-on.
【MEIKO】It's hard to say if she knows this herself, but the way she approached this problem played a big role.
【MEIKO】Depending on how optimistically or pessimistically you see things, the stress you experience mentally and the answer you'll arrive upon will differ greatly.
【Len】Wait, really?
【KAITO】Think of it this way... Having your head hunched means only seeing the ground.
【Rin】Yeah...
【KAITO】Meanwhile, looking up and walking forward means seeing what's all around you, even the sky above...
【KAITO】Which should allow you to see more possibilities and give you more avenues to walk down...
【Len】I see. That makes a lot of sense.
【Rin】Yeah, KAITO, you're so brilliant♪
【KAITO】Y-You think so...?
【Miku】Still, Luka, MEIKO, you're supposed to be her seniors, but what you said seems like something that would come from her mom.
【Rin】Oh, I thought the same thing!
【Luka & MEIKO】Her mom?
【MEIKO】Wait, couldn't you have gone with big sisters instead?
【Miku】Hmm... I feel like a mother would feel more compelled to watch over her daughter...
【Rin】Oh, KAITO, what do you think?
【KAITO】Huh? M-Me? Why...?
【Rin】Because you gave a really good explanation just now! I'm betting you can come up with another amazing thing to say♪
【Miku】Yes, I'd like to hear what analogy you come up with as well.
【KAITO】I mean...
【Luka】Hehe. I can't wait to hear what he says, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Me neither. Lay it on us.
【KAITO】Oh...
【KAITO】(So much pressure...)
【KAITO】Instead of mother and daughter...
【KAITO】What if you were her teachers...?
【KAITO】I think you were both in a position to give her the hints she needed to solve this problem... How does that sound?
【Rin】Wow, KAITO, you're a genius...! “Teachers” fits so much better!
【Len】Way to be quick on your feet.
【KAITO】Do you think so...?
【Luka】I'm impressed as well. I wasn't expecting you to come up with another analogy so quickly.
【MEIKO】We might have to start by asking you to break down these sorts of problems moving forward.
【KAITO】What...? No, you should try to figure them out yourself first.
【Everyone】Haha. Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
