【Hinomori Shiho — What Made My Sadness Go Away〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hinomori Shiho
Card: What Made My Sadness Go Away（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: The Moon Rabbit & Us
scenarioId: 004010_shiho01

[Background Change] bg_a001002
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Saki】Great practice today, everyone!
【Saki】Hey, look! The moon's out even though it's barely dusk!
【Shiho】You're right. That's pretty rare...
【Ichika】It could be because the sky's been so clear today. You can even see a lot of its features.
【Honami】I hope it'll be even more beautiful on the night of the 15th.
【Saki】Yeah, it'd be nice to see a big, round moon during a really clear night...
【Shiho】Big, round moon...? You sound like a little kid.
【Honami】By the way, do you remember how you celebrated this time of year when you were little?
【Saki】When we were little?
【Ichika】Hmm... I vaguely remember doing some moon viewings, but not much more than that.
【Ichika】Oh, I want to say that dango was on the lunch menu during elementary school, I think...?
【Saki】Yeah, you're right! I remember that! The teachers made them from scratch and they were so good!
【Saki】I even learned how to make it from them and brought some along one time for a field trip.
【Honami】Hehe. Yes, you did.
【Shiho】I remember that too. You spilled soy glaze everywhere, got your hands all sticky and cried about it.
【Ichika】Oh, that's right. Luckily, Honami saved the day by making sure to bring wet wipes.
【Saki】W-Wait, I don't remember that part at all!
【Honami】Hehe. Oh, the memories.
【Honami】Didn't we also make collages out of fallen leaves during that field trip?
【Shiho】Yeah, we did. Saki made something moon related, right?
【Ichika】Yes, she did!
【Saki】I still remember what you made too, Ichi!
【Ichika】You do? What did I make...?
【Honami】You made Miku.
【Shiho】Yeah, and you were adamant about using only green leaves to make her. But it was fall, so we had a really tough time finding enough for you.
【Saki】Yeah, that! Then, Hona suggested that you paint some green instead and it all worked out in the end.
【Ichika】Is that what happened...?
【Saki】Yup! That was when you were really into Miku, right, Ichi?
【Saki】You were even humming some Miku songs while you put your collage together!
【Shiho】Come to think of it, you recommended us a lot of Miku songs back then. You were so desperate about getting us to listen to them too.
【Honami】Hehe. I remember that too. It was so cute.
【Ichika】S-Stop, please, I feel really embarrassed.
【Ichika】However, Honami, I still remember exactly what you made...
【Honami】Huh? Me? What did I make...?
【Shiho】You made Shibao, remember?
【Shiho】Saki and Ichika were so confused by your initial sketch too.
【Saki】Yeah, we totally were! Ichi even thought that Shibao was an octopus at first...
【Saki】But it was also really cool how it clearly became a puppy in the end!
【Ichika】That was pretty interesting.
【Honami】I-It was...? I recall that it turned out okay but...
【Saki】And Shiho just sat there really silently while she made hers... It was a band playing a show, right?
【Ichika】Yeah, it was so incredible how detailed Shiho's was.
【Shiho】I think that was just about the time my dad started taking me to live houses...
【Shiho】Those shows are still fresh in my head too. That's probably what I was trying to recreate...
【Shiho】But I sort of bit off more than I could chew and ended up with just the band on stage.
【Saki】Still, your attention to detail was like your way of putting your signature on it.
【Honami】I agree. You were so focused that you didn't even look our way when we tried calling your name.
【Shiho】I don't remember that happening...
【Honami】Hehe. Nostalgia really is a powerful thing, isn't it? Especially when it comes to our childhood memories.
【Saki】Oh, wanna head over to SEKAI and go through some pictures from back then?
【Saki】I'll bring some field trip and moon viewing albums!
【Ichika】That sounds nice. How about after practice, Shiho?
【Shiho】Fine... But no slacking off during practice, okay?
【Ichika & Saki】Okay!
【Saki】Alright, time to hunt down those albums♪
【Honami】Hehe. I can't wait to see them.
【Shiho】Me too.
[Sound] bgm00000
