【Momoi Airi — MORE MORE JUMP!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: MORE MORE JUMP!（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 007002_airi02

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D
【Airi】Hi, Shizuku.
【Shizuku】Good morning, Airi.
【Shizuku】Thank you for helping me choose a new lipstick. I'm loving the new color.
【Airi】Oh, that? Sure, glad I helped, and I bought one for myself too.
【Shizuku】By the way, I have something for you.
【Airi】For me? What is it?
【Shizuku】These are the magazines you were going to buy before I interrupted you at the bookstore, correct?
【Airi】What, you bought them for me?!
【Shizuku】I felt I owed you this, since you couldn't get them at the time because of me.
【Airi】You didn't need to...
【Airi】But well, since you already bought them. You can read them with me until the teacher comes.
【Shizuku】Is that okay?
【Airi】Why are you even asking me? You bought them.
【Shizuku】Hehe. Thanks!
【Airi】Both have interesting feature articles this month.
【Airi】This one's about newcomers to the idol scene. I really wanted to check out all these newbies.
【Airi】And here you have an article about high school idols, with a poster of them in casual clothes. That's the selling point: the rare sight of them dressed in their usual stuff.
【Shizuku】Hehe. I've got quite a bit of history with this magazine, too.
【Airi】Like when they did one on you when you were in training?
【Shizuku】Uh huh. We did a long photoshoot then.
【Airi】But it's this one that did more for your publicity.
【Shizuku】Are you sure?
【Airi】The other one published lots of your photos, that's true.
【Airi】But this one had proper feature-length articles about you and interviews.
【Shizuku】Now that you mentioned it, yes, that's right.
【Airi】Well, I mean, they also did visual campaigns, like the swimsuit shoot, since it's important to cater to the audience...
【Airi】But when you debuted in your group, they did a feature on you dressed casually, and had a poster series of you playing with cats.
【Airi】What, don't you remember?
【Shizuku】Hmm... I did something like that, didn't I...
【Airi】You only vaguely remember the legendary campaign which got you so many devoted fans?!
【Airi】They were even demanding to see it again. It was huge!
【Shizuku】Really? You're so well-informed.
【Airi】Of course I am! I've followed every single of your campaigns! I've trawled all the bookstores for magazines featuring you...
【Airi】Oh, uh...
【Shizuku】You did all that to support me?
【Airi】I... I wasn't! I was researching you for reference!
【Airi】I was reading about all sorts of stuff, like articles about groups which were expected to become big...
【Shizuku】That reminds me about what you said when I quit being an idol before...
【Shizuku】You said I had an aura about me, and that you couldn't bear for me to step down from the stage...
【Airi】Lalalalala! I can't hear you!
【Shizuku】You got terribly worked up about me quitting.
【Airi】I'm not listening! This conversation is over. OVER!
【Shizuku】Airi...
【Airi】Can you stop looking at me like I'm your loyal fan or something?!
【Shizuku】Hehehe...
【Airi】Stop giving me that look!
[Sound] bgm00000
