【Otori Emu — Profile Story】

Character: Otori Emu
scenarioId: self_emu_2nd

[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Emu】Okay, I'll go next!
【Emu】Good good good wonderhoy☆ I'm Emu Otori from Wonderlands×Showtime!
【Emu】We're supposed to say something about ourselves for our self-intros, right...? Umm... What should I talk about...?
【Emu】Oh, I know! Until just recently, I was a first-year in high school, but I'm finally a second-year!
【Emu】And for this upcoming school year, I'm gonna be a class representative—
【Emu】Huh...? Too much personal information...?
【Emu】Oh, right...! I should probably talk about all the stuff we've done up until now like Tsukasa!
【Emu】Then, uh... Do you all know about Phoenix Wonderland?!
【Emu】It's an amusement park located in Shibuya, and the person who built it was my grandpa!
【Emu】I've been going since I was little and really, really love that place. I've lost count of how many times I went, but it was always a place that was full of smiles...
【Emu】But after Grandpa passed away, it became harder and harder to keep the park running...
【Emu】Right about when the park was in really big trouble, Tsukasa and the others came along.
【Emu】We became Wonderlands×Showtime soon after and started putting on lots and lots of shows together...
【Emu】More and more visitors gradually began coming to see them.
【Emu】And now, Phoenix Wonderland is full of smiling faces!
【Emu】It was my dream to bring smiles back to that place... I'm super duper happy now, and I can't thank the others enough!
【Emu】Oh, but! My dream still hasn't fully come true yet!
【Emu】I wanna fill this park with even more smiles! That's why I'm leaving the park with the others! To learn how to do that!
【Emu】And, uhh...
【Emu】Hm? Wait, I'm back to the present... Then...
【Emu】That's it for my self-intro!
【Emu】Huuuh...? That didn't really end with a bang like one of our shows.
【Emu】Huh...? Oh, you understand how I feel?
【Emu】Yippee! Thanks, Nene!
【Emu】Then, Nene, you're next!
【Emu】Our self-intros feel like little shows! I can't wait to see what Nene says♪
[Sound] bgm00000
