【Hoshino Ichika — Starry Steps〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hoshino Ichika
Card: Starry Steps（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: First Star After the Rain
scenarioId: 001005_ichika01

[Background Change] bg_f000301
[Caption] Ichika's Room
【Ichika】Um, what time is today's practice session again... I still have a while.
【Ichika】I'll just practice my part for now, then. Oh...
【Ichika】(There are puddles outside. Must have been because of the rain that fell before I went to bed.)
【Ichika】Rain...
【Ichika】(This reminds me of Saki when she was still in hospital.)
【Ichika】(She always stared sadly outside the window when it rained. But once she noticed me, she'd then smile so brightly.)
【Ichika】(I'm really so happy Saki recovered from that.)
【Ichika】Ah, I wonder if the florist along the way to the hospital is still around?
【Ichika】(I always passed by that shop when going to visit her, so I often bought flowers from them...)
【Ichika】(But I haven't been there since Saki was transferred to a regional hospital during junior high.)
【Ichika】Since I have some time before practice starts... Maybe I'll just drop by to take a look.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001001
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Ichika】Found it! Hehe... It hasn't changed at all.
【Ichika】(Maybe the florist lady is still around...)
【Florist Lady】Are you looking for flowers? Please step inside. We have many more different types of... Hm?
【Florist Lady】Is that... Is that you, Ichika?
【Ichika】Ah... You remember me?
【Florist Lady】Of course I do! But you were just a little elementary school kid back then, weren't you?
【Ichika】Yes. I'm in high school now.
【Florist Lady】Well! You've really grown up. I always knew you were keeping well somewhere out there.
【Florist Lady】Anyway, how can I help you today? Are you here to get flowers for another hospital visit?
【Ichika】No, I'm just passing by today.
【Ichika】Also, the friend I used to visit has recovered, and we're attending the same high school now.
【Florist Lady】That's excellent news!
【Florist Lady】I was actually quite concerned about the friend you were visiting, and whether she would be okay.
【Ichika】You were?
【Florist Lady】You visit her almost every day, remember? I thought her condition had to be quite bad for you to do that.
【Florist Lady】So I'm glad to hear she's doing fine. She must have been really strong to beat her illness like that.
【Ichika】Yes. I think so, too.
【Ichika】I'm sorry, but can you make me a small little bouquet? Just like before?
【Florist Lady】Of course I can. Hehe, and I'll even give you a discount. For old times' sake.
【Ichika】But...
【Florist Lady】Don't you worry about it. We haven't seen each other in so long, and I got to hear good news about your friend too. Wait here.
【Ichika】Okay. Thank you.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Sound] bgm_area00001
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Ichika】Ah... You're already here, Saki.
【Saki】Yeah. I wanted to practice by myself first.
【Saki】Huh? What's that bag in your hand, Ichi?
【Ichika】Hehe, does it look familiar?
【Saki】Um, is that a flower logo? Oh! It's from that florist you always bought flowers from when you visited me!
【Ichika】Correct. I bought some flowers there before coming here. It's been a long time, though.
【Saki】Oh, this really brings back memories! Can I see them?
【Ichika】Here. Oh, the lady at the florist shop gave me this yellow flower for free.
【Ichika】She asked me to bring you to the shop one day, too.
【Saki】I see...
【Saki】You know, when I was in the hospital, I always looked forward to seeing what flowers you would bring.
【Saki】They were always a little bit different from the previous ones, and every single one would be so pretty!
【Ichika】Yeah.
【Ichika】(I would choose the best flowers together with the florist lady so that they could make Saki smile.)
【Saki】Ichi, I really want to visit that florist shop!
【Ichika】Sure. Shall we go together with Honami and Shiho one day?
【Saki】Sure!
【Saki】Hey, why don't we put those flowers here as decorations?
【Saki】Pretty sure they'd make Miku and Luka really glad, too!
【Ichika】You're right. Let's bring along a vase or something to put the flowers in, then, next time.
【Saki】Will do!
[Sound] bgm00000
