【Kamishiro Rui — Survival Challenge!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Survival Challenge!（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Desperate Times?! Island Panic!
scenarioId: 016017_rui01

[Background Change] bg_a004701
[Caption] Coast
[Sound] se00368
【Miku】<Wait, aren't you gonna go check out that jungle?>
【Rui】Yes, but there's something I'd like to check on first.
【Luka】<Hehe. It's nice and sunny out, so I'm perfectly fine with just walking along the coast.>
【MEIKO】<Okay, you...>
[Sound] se00367
【Rui】(Ah, there also seem to be birds here.)
【Rui】(It's difficult to tell which species just based their calls, but at the very least, this ecosystem seems to support animal life.)
【Rui】(These plants look more or less familiar as well, and none seem to be the kind that cause rashes or skin irritation. Good.)
【Rui】(That means we should be safe as long as we keep an eye out for any big animals.)
【Rui】Thank you all for waiting. After taking a quick look around, there doesn't seem to be any dangerous plants here.
【Rui】So, let's head into the jungle to search for food and water.
【Tsukasa】Ah, so you went around to see what kinds of plants there were?
【Emu】I didn't realize you knew so much about plants, Rui! That's on top of everything you know about gizmos and gadgets☆
【Rui】Oh, I really only know about the plants I saw in encyclopedias when I was little.
【Rui】I remember reading this one encyclopedia over and over again because it was all about poisonous plants.
【Len & MEIKO】<An encyclopedia about poisonous plants?!>
【Nene】Oh, wait... Are you talking about the weird book with that creepy, red, poisonous-looking cover?
【Rui】Yes, that's precisely it! Even now, I'm able to discern in an instant whether or not a plant is dangerous.
【MEIKO】<Wow, that's so interesting! Mind if I borrow that book from you sometime, Rui♪>
【Rui】Yes, of course. I'll bring it over to SEKAI next time...
【Rui】Ah, we'll need to get our phones fixed first...
【Nene】Our phones won't even turn on now because of how they went for a swim in the ocean.
【Rui】Right.
【Rui】Oh, that reminds me. KAITO, there's something I'd like to ask you.
【KAITO】<Hm? How can I help you?>
【Rui】Untitled is also on our phone. If they end up being broken beyond repair, what's going to happen to it?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Emu & Nene】Oh no...!!
【Emu】Th-That's a really good question! If we can't get them fixed, does it mean we can never go back to SEKAI anymore?!
【Nene】Yeah... I really don't want that to happen...
【Tsukasa】He has a point... KAITO, can you give us an answer?
【KAITO】<I believe everything will be fine.>
【KAITO】<Even if you do end up replacing your old phones with new ones, Untitled should naturally reappear.>
[Sound] bgm00024
【Rui】Oh, how does that work exactly...?
【KAITO】<I'm sorry. I can't say for sure, but I do know that Untitled is a song that for one reason or another reacts to people's feelings...>
【KAITO】<So, as long as you carry these feelings, Untitled will never disappear from your phones.>
【Miku】<Yup yup☆ SEKAI isn't going anywhere either♪>
【Emu】Really?! Thank goodness...
【Rui】By the way, I was able to cloud save Untitled and the rest of the data on my phone. Will that Untitled work the same if I were to download it?
【KAITO】<I can't say for certain, but I suspect so.>
【Rui】Which means the feelings of the person playing the song are what matters most, yes?
【Rui】Hehe. We learned something very interesting today.
【Rui】Oh, one more thing... If I were to use Tsukasa's phone to go over to SEKAI...
【Rui】What would happen in the event that his phone broke?
【Tsukasa】Hm? Wouldn't you just be sent back here since Untitled would be forced to stop?
【KAITO】<Hmm... I'm guessing that's what will happen.>
【Rui】Ah, as I suspected...
【Rui】(Lucky for us, Tsukasa's phone is still working, but we don't know for how long...)
【Rui】(We'd be able to guarantee our own safety by taking shelter in SEKAI, but that may very well end up being a temporary solution...)
【Rui】(If that's the case, it may be better for us to gather and set up everything we need to survive.)
【Tsukasa】Rui? You there...?
【Rui】Hm?
【Tsukasa】You seem to have a lot on your mind. If you're concerned about something, then please tell us.
【Tsukasa】There's no telling how long we're going to be stuck in this situation, but we have to find a way to survive together.
【Rui】Yes, I understand.
【Rui】And there is something I need to tell all of you.
【Rui】First, Tsukasa, it's nothing short of a miracle that your phone's still working.
【Rui】Smartphones have become waterproof to some extent, but if water's gotten into the circuits and your luck runs out, there's a chance that it can short out and explode.
【Tsukasa】What...?!
【Miku】<I-I-I-I-It's....>
【Miku, Rin & Len】<It's gonna explooode?!>
【Luka】<Oh, that's terrifying...>
【MEIKO】<Settle down. He said that it's a possibility, not a certainty.>
【Rui】Normally, it's best to turn it off immediately, but if you were to do that, the chances of it turning back on are next to nothing.
【Rui】I prefer not to think about things going south. However, this may end up becoming our ace in the hole since it'll allow us to take shelter in SEKAI.
【Rui】So, Tsukasa, as much as I hate to ask this of you...
【Tsukasa】Keep my phone on, right?! Leave it to me!
【Rui】But if it starts smoking up or making odd noises, please discard it immediately, okay...?
【Tsukasa】Of course!
【Nene】S-So, Rui... Does what you just said also apply to Robo-Nene?
【Rui】Yes, it does. However, we may need Robo-Nene's various gadgets and features later if find ourselves in a bind.
【Rui】Which is why I'd like to avoid asking her doing anything strenuous since it'll likely make her core temperature rise too high.
【Emu】A-And that'll keep Robo-Nene from exploding?
【Rui】Yes. We'll have to keep an eye on her moving forward, but she seems to have avoided being seriously damaged so she should be okay as long as we're careful.
【Emu & Nene】Thank goodness!
【Rui】Anyway, I've been talking for quite a while now...
【Rui】So, once more, let's head into the jungle to search for food and water.
【Tsukasa】Of course!
[Sound] bgm00000
