【Hinomori Shizuku — I'm Not Just Anyone, I'm "Me"〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hinomori Shizuku
Card: I'm Not Just Anyone, I'm "Me"（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: My Color!
scenarioId: 008006_shizuku02

[Background Change] bg_a000402
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy
【Shizuku】Thanks for coming, everyone.
【Airi】You don't really need to thank us just for meeting.
【Haruka】I agree. So what did you need to talk about?
【Shizuku】Oh, before we get into that... I was hoping to apologize to everyone.
【Minori】Huh?
【Shizuku】I'm so sorry for all the trouble I caused everyone with our other video. I didn't mean to make you all worry so much.
【Minori】You don't have to apologize for that, Shizuku!
【Minori】You were just trying your hardest to show everyone the real you!
【Shizuku】Thank you, Minori. But that doesn't change the fact that I made everyone worry about me.
【Shizuku】So, I'm very sorry. Also...
【Shizuku】Thank you so much for believing in me enough to wait!
【Haruka】Shizuku...
【Minori】Shizuku...!
【Airi】In other words, you're trying to take responsibility. You really are too honest for your own good sometimes.
【Shizuku】Still, that helped me clear my mind.
【Shizuku】Minori, Airi, Haruka. I know I can be a handful... But I hope you'll continue to have me.
【Airi】Of course.
【Haruka】I'm just glad you came to a decision you're happy with.
【Minori】Me too! Let's keep doing what we can, Shizuku!
【Shizuku】Right!
【Airi】Alright, can we get back to why we're here?
【Shizuku】Yes. The truth is, I've been thinking about what to do for our next video and I wanted to get your opinions.
【Shizuku】I apologize if it doesn't look very organized, but I just wrote down some thoughts in my notebook.
【Minori】One... Two... You have three whole pages?!
【Airi】You're really raring to go, aren't you?!
【Airi】Still, let's take a look at what you have. Which one of these was your favorite idea, Shizuku?
【Shizuku】Well, let me see...
【Shizuku】(Discussing the best way to promote ourselves like this sure feels strange...)
【Shizuku】(Up until now, I only ever had to follow whatever plans the agency came up with for me.)
【Shizuku】(It's thanks to them that the Shizuku Hinomori of Cheerful * Days was born and had so many adoring fans.)
【Shizuku】(But from now on, I want to be the real me. I want them to support me as Shizuku Hinomori of MORE MORE JUMP!)
【Shizuku】If I were to pick one, it would probably be the one where we each introduce our own personal techniques for practicing.
【Minori】Our own techniques?
【Shizuku】Yes. For example, Haruka always spends extra time making sure she properly stretches, yes?
【Shizuku】Or how Airi and I have slightly different voice training methods and such.
【Shizuku】I imagine there's a lot we don't know about one another's personal foibles when it comes to practicing alone, no?
【Shizuku】So we can watch videos of each other for the first time alongside the fans to show them our genuine reactions.
【Haruka】That would work since we stream our videos live. It might make it feel a little more like a concert too.
【Airi】Yeah, that's true!
【Shizuku】If we do it this way, we can each have some dedicated time in the spotlight.
【Shizuku】And I think it'll be a particularly good way for the fans to learn more and more about Minori.
【Minori】Oh...
【Haruka】I think that's a great idea.
【Haruka】I want everyone to learn more and more about Minori as well.
【Minori】Shizuku... Haruka...
【Airi】I like it. And if we're doing something like stretching, the viewers can even do it with us.
【Airi】It'll be a great way to encourage everyone to participate!
【Minori】Yeah! Oh, I'd be really interested in seeing the voice training videos!
【Airi】You do remember that you're making your own as well, right?
【Minori】Oh! That's right!
【Haruka】Hehe. If Minori is this excited about it, I'm sure that means the fans will want to watch it as well.
【Shizuku】I think so too.
【Minori】Yeah! I'm sure they will!
【Minori】Stretching and voice training with everyone?! This is gonna be such a fun stream♪
【Airi】And thinking about this from the fans' perspective really is important. Anyways, let's get down to planning!
【Shizuku】Right!
【Shizuku】(I hope this means I was of use to everyone. Hehe. I'm actually starting to get excited myself.)
【Shizuku】(I think this is the first time I've felt this way since becoming an idol.)
【Shizuku】(I have no idea what the right thing to do is, but that isn't going to stop me from giving it my best.)
【Shizuku】(It's time to get everyone to support me as Shizuku Hinomori of MORE MORE JUMP!)
[Sound] bgm00000
