【Shiraishi An — Top-Notch Server!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Shiraishi An
Card: Top-Notch Server!（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 010003_an02

[Background Change] bg_d000301
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
【An】So this is the new and improved Phoenix Wonderland...
【Kohane】Hehe! I'm so happy I can be here with all of you!
【Akito】Visiting a theme park when we're already in high school...
【Toya】We invited them, you know.
【Toya】While Tsukasa did give us the tickets, I'm surprised you agreed to come along.
【Toya】Were you thinking of evening out the numbers?
【Akito】Who cares about that. I just wanted to escape from Ena's noisy demands of taking pictures for her.
【Kohane】Shinonome, Aoyagi, thank you for inviting us here today. Let's have fun together!
【Toya】Yeah.
【Akito】Sure.
【An】Akito aside, I'm really happy to be here with you, Kohane! This is my first time, so can you show me around?
【Kohane】What? You've never visited Phoenix Wonderland before?
【An】Yup. Well, at least since they renovated it. I live nearby but haven't had the chance yet.
【Toya】It's my first time here too.
【Kohane】You too?
【Akito】Toya... You've never visited this place before?
【Toya】Yes. So if you don't mind, please show me around too.
【Kohane】I'd be happy to! The truth is, I'm quite familiar with Phoenix Wonderland myself.
【Kohane】I visited every week when I was little. I even bought the annual pass in middle school and visited every day to take pictures.
【An】Every day? You're like a regular, then. Any must-visit attractions here?
【Kohane】I highly recommend the Phoenix Coaster!
【An】Sounds like a big one!
【Kohane】It is!
【Akito】Toya, you're not into thrill rides, right? I remember you're afraid of heights.
【Toya】I can take it if it's a low-lying thrill ride...
【Akito】There's no such thing as a low-lying roller coaster...
【Kohane】Oh... That ride may be a little too much for you then.
【Kohane】Phoenix Coaster used to be a ride that even little children could enjoy, but...
【Kohane】It's recently been upgraded into the Neo Phoenix Coaster and climbs to an incredible height immediately after setting off.
【Kohane】It's really exciting when it suddenly drops all the way down from that climb, but that might be too scary for someone who's afraid of heights.
【Toya】Yes. I may not... No. I absolutely can't take that.
【An】Well, there's no need to force yourself to try something you don't like. Any other recommendations?
【Kohane】Um, for attractions that don't go very high, we can try the go-karts or coffee cup ride.
【Kohane】And the carousel here is a lot of fun, too! It lights up with beautiful illuminations at night. It would be nice to ride the carousel after dark.
【Kohane】Also, also! We have to go to Wonder Stage!
【An】Wonder Stage? To see a show?
【Kohane】Yes! The shows performed there are really exciting! I really hope we can watch it together.
【Kohane】So let's first check what time the show starts, then visit the other attractions while we wait, okay?
【Kohane】Dad and I studied how to go around the attractions here without having to wait too long, so I remember them all!
【Kohane】I think we can definitely do all the rides we want!
【An】You weren't joking when you said you knew this place well.
【Akito】This isn't even regular-level. It's nerd-level already. And you're being a lot more assertive than usual.
【Toya】I'll leave it to you.
【Kohane】You can count on me!
【An】(Kohane looks really happy. Akito and Toya don't seem too particularly upset about the situation, either...)
【An】(I would never have dreamed the four of us would come to a theme park together one day. It may be a good chance to get to know each other better.)
【An】(And the more we get to know each other better like this...)
【Akito】Hey, stop spacing out and let's go already.
【Toya】Apparently, we should try all the recommended rides. If so, we'll have to hurry.
【Kohane】Let's go, An!
【An】Coming!
【An】(Maybe we'll become the greatest team one day too, like dad and his friends were!)
[Sound] bgm00000
