【Kiritani Haruka — Blessings Abound〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Blessings Abound（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Run! Sports Festival! Committee Rush
scenarioId: 006005_haruka01

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] A few days after the Sports Festival - Lunch break
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C
【Saki】Sigh...
【Haruka】Tenma, what's the matter?
【Saki】It's just that, I'm hungry for more...
【Haruka】Um, you can have some of my lunch if you want...
【Saki】Yay, really?! I mean... I wasn't talking about lunch!
【Haruka】Huh?
【Ichika】Hehe. I think she was trying to say that she's feeling bored.
【Saki】Yeah, that!
【Saki】The Sports Festival was amazing, and going back to school like normal just feels so meh...
【Haruka】Ah, I see...
【Ichika】You really enjoyed yourself during the after party too.
【Saki】Sure did! Going to a diner and celebrating with everyone! What's not to love?
【Saki】I never got to do anything like that and it was so much fun!
【Haruka】And almost everyone from our class turned up too.
【Ichika】I was surprised by how many of us there were. We had four tables all to ourselves.
【Haruka】Hehe! Ordering was fun, too! Who wants fried chicken? Raise your hands!
【Saki】And making crazy concoctions at the juice bar, competing to come up with the best mix and stuff was awesome too!
【Ichika】Then Shiho's class came by later and the place was pretty much taken over by girls from our school.
【Saki】Yeah! And it was sooo cute when you fed Minori some of your fried chicken, Haruka!
【Haruka】She said she was hungry and ready to collapse, so I helped her out.
【Saki】Haha! That made her so happy, she was on cloud nine!
【Ichika】Yeah.
【Haruka】...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Haruka】Oh, Tenma... I should have said this earlier but...
【Saki】Hm? What's up?
【Haruka】I just wanted to thank you for inviting me to the Sports Festival committee.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Haruka】It was the first school event that I planned in a long time and I made some friends outside my class, like Otori...
【Haruka】I'm really glad that I chose to join.
【Saki】Haruka...
【Saki】I should be the one thanking you!
【Saki】Organizing the event with you and Emu was an unforgettable experience, and a glorious new page in my wonderful teenage life!
【Saki】So thank you for accepting my invitation too!
【Haruka】Yeah...
【Haruka】It really was fun.
【Haruka】I've missed so much school because of my job...
【Haruka】This school was very accommodating when it came to my line of work, so even in middle school, I was allowed to skip classes.
【Ichika】Oh, right. You went to middle school here too.
【Haruka】Yes, but I was practically never here. The last school event I went to before this one was a Sports Day back in elementary school.
【Haruka】Come to think of it, I ran in the relay then too. I competed against the other classes as an anchor and...
【Haruka】An... Oh, my best friend back then, ran against me, and no one could tell who'd win until the very end.
【Saki】Wow! That's just like what Emu did! Your race had to be super close too then!
【Ichika】So, who won?
【Haruka】I did, but by a hair's breadth. My friend said we'd have a rematch next year...
【Haruka】But we never got to do it... I had to skip it because of work...
【Haruka】(An was so sulky when I told her too... I wonder if she's still angry with me about that.)
【Saki】Wow... We are the same! I didn't really get to enjoy middle school either because I was in the hospital!
【Saki】We need to make up for the time we lost and have as much fun as we can!
【Ichika】And you'll have plenty of school events to do just that.
【Saki】Yeah! Maybe we can be on the committee for the next one too! I'm super hyped for whatever's coming♪
【Haruka】Yes, it would be nice to do it again.
【Saki】That's right!
【Haruka】(We're making memories to last us a lifetime...)
【Haruka】(Thanks to Sports Festival, I no longer feel like such an outsider, and can actually look forward to more of these events...)
[Sound] bgm00000
