【Aoyagi Toya — After-School Assistance〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: After-School Assistance（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Here on Our Dream Stage
scenarioId: 012038_touya02

[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] Rehearsal Room
【Toya】Okay, we'll start playing the songs we wrote.
【An】I can't wait to hear what they're like!
【Airi】Yeah, me too!
【Ichika】We'll begin with the street song Aoyagi wrote. Hit it, Saki.
【Saki】Okay, here's the first song!
[Sound] se00007_b
【Rui】Wow...
【Tsukasa】Oh, this is...!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Toya】What did you all think?
【Emu】I thought it was super duper amazingly good♪ I got really excited just listening to it☆
[Sound] bgm00171
【Tsukasa】I could especially feel the effort you put into the intro!
【Rui】Yes, it doesn't immediately feel like a street song. You did an excellent job of making it fun and intriguing for the listener.
【An】I had a really easy time imagining how I'm gonna sing it! I feel like I can throw everything I have into it!
【Toya】Then...
【Nene】Thank you for making this. I know I asked a lot of you, and I'd like to use this song as-is.
【Saki】Congratulations, Toya!
【Toya】Thank you very much!
【Toya】(This wouldn't have been possible without the help of Saki and Hoshino. I also need to thank Azusawa and the others, who listened to it so many times...)
【Saki】Alright, next, we have the pop song I wrote just for you, Airi.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Toya】I'm very glad that all of our songs have been approved.
[Sound] bgm00018
【Saki】Me too♪ At the same time, it's kinda sad that we're already done writing songs for this.
【Toya】I understand how you feel. All that's left is for us to make adjustments if the need arises.
【Ichika】I can't relax just yet. I still have to work on playing my character.
【Saki】Oh, right! The hard part might just be beginning for you, Ichi.
【Toya】Certainly...
【Toya】The other teams likely have a lot on their hands, so it may be good for us to go over and see how we can help.
【Saki】Yeah, it could be fun to see what the other teams are doing and help them out♪
【Toya】Akiyama from the costume design team is in my class, so perhaps I'll ask if there's anything I can do to help.
【Saki】Then, I'll try asking the other teams to see if they need a hand!
【Toya】We're not done yet, songwriters. Let's keep helping out until the end.
【Ichika & Saki】Yeah! Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Class 2-B
【Mizuki】...which is why you're asking if there's anything you can do to help?
【Toya】Right.
【Toya】Is there anything I can do right this moment?
【Mizuki】Yeah, tons! Especially the band's outfits, since we have to make enough for all of them.
[Sound] se00055_b
【Mizuki】I need you to put these pieces of fabric together using marking pins.
【Toya】I can handle that. I remember doing the same thing very well during class.
【Mizuki】Thanks, you're a lifesaver!
【Mizuki】Alright, while you get those ready, I'm gonna keep working on the costumes An and the others will be wearing.
[Sound] se00055_b
【Toya】Are these them?
【Mizuki】Yup! I'm about to sew these buttons and jewels onto them♪
【Toya】This costume... It looks like something you'd find in a store.
【Toya】I know very little about fashion, but I can tell that it's been made with great care.
【Mizuki】Heh heh heh. You've got a good eye. I do this as a hobby, but even I can make stuff like this if I really put my mind to it.
【Toya】Yes, this is quite impressive.
【Toya】I'm sure Shiraishi and the others are going to really enjoy wearing these on stage.
【Mizuki】Whoa, slow down. You're gonna make me blush if you keep showering me with praise like that.
【Mizuki】These are actually almost done, so you're probably gonna be the first to see them once they're fully finished.
【Toya】That's quite an honor.
【Toya】Alright, until then, I'll focus on the work you've set for me.
[Sound] bgm00000
