【KAITO — What Style Would Be Good?〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: KAITO
Card: What Style Would Be Good?（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Raise Your Bow in a Snow-White World
scenarioId: 026022_kaito01

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
[Sound] se00042
【KAITO】Okay, our set list seems fine...! So, let's start discussing effects and such for our show!
【Miku】Oh, can we have it snow?
【Len】Snow? Yeah, that'd be a nice way to make things feel more wintery.
【MEIKO】I agree. It should go very well with this set list too since we've included an assortment of winter-themed songs.
【Rin】Yeah! But how do we actually do that? It's not like we can make it really snow.
【Len】The confetti should work. Oh, if we want to make it seem more real, we can try using some dry ice.
【KAITO】That's a great idea! It should make for a spectacular scene!
【KAITO】Let me just jot that down... Confetti... Dry ice...
[Sound] se00042
【Miku】Thank you for always taking notes for us, KAITO.
【KAITO】Hehe. There's no need to thank me. It's sort of become a habit, likely because I'm also a manager.
【KAITO】Anyway, let's move on to other suggestions.
【Luka】Oh, I have one♪
【Luka】Why don't we wear costumes that go with the theme of our show?
【KAITO】Ah, our costumes...
【MEIKO】It's a good idea, but not many of our costumes have a winter feel to them.
【Len】Hmm... Now that you mention it...
【Rin】There's one with a broach that looks like a snowflake, and another that's really white and poofy...
【Luka】That probably won't be enough. So, I was hoping we could do something about that.
【KAITO】But what...?
【KAITO】Oh, we could try making some alterations to them.
【Rin】Yeah, that sounds fun!
【Len】I agree. I kinda want to try doing that too.
【Len】However, that means we won't be able to use them like we did before.
【KAITO】Not a problem! We can try making them modular.
【Rin】Modular? Like having detachable parts?
【KAITO】Yes. For example, we could add some fur around the neck and lace trim with a snowflake pattern to the skirt.
【KAITO】By doing that, you'd be able to enjoy both the original and the altered version.
【Luka】Hehe. We don't have to limit ourselves to just winter either. This approach should let us make costumes for a wide variety of themes♪
【MEIKO】I agree. At the very least, we should be able to prepare costumes that go with the theme of our next show!
【KAITO】Then, why don't we start coming up with some ideas for alterations?
【Everyone】Yeah! Okay!
【Rin】Wait, what do we actually need to do?
【KAITO】Well... First, it might be good to inspect the base costume you'll be altering.
【KAITO】Also, consider which song you'll be wearing it for. That should help you come up with alteration ideas.
【MEIKO】Okay! Let's try that!
【Miku】Oh, it's like when the girls came up with the designs for their outfits!
【Luka】Yes, and now it's our turn.
【Len】Yup. And it looked like a lot of fun while they discussed their designs.
【Rin】Yeah, it did! Oh, what if I attached some wings? I could be like a snow fairy!
【Miku】Yes, that sounds like a wonderful idea!
【KAITO】Hehe.
【KAITO】Then, let's start picking out our costumes.
【Everyone】Yeah!
【KAITO】(They all seem very excited about this. I might get left behind if I'm not careful.)
【KAITO】(So, I'll try coming up with ideas for alterations that will really make them shine when they're on stage!)
[Sound] bgm00000
