【Momoi Airi — Special Collab Stream!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Special Collab Stream!（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: All Ways Jump! With You
scenarioId: 007047_airi02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Airi】(Alright, that should be enough ideas. Now I need to turn what I have into a whole segment...)
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_1
【Rin】Hi, Airi!
【Len】Good evening. Can we ask what you're doing here so late?
【Airi】I was working on the segment for our next stream.
【Airi】I was in my room just now, but I decided to come here after Shizuku and the others fell asleep.
【Rin】Oh, okay! Then, can we see what you have?
【Airi】Sure. But it's just a list of ideas at this point.
【Len】Let's see... An advice corner, a “MMJ Relatable Moments Championship”, wake-up pranks and close-up coverage streams of each member.
【Rin】Wow, all of these sound like so much fun!
【Rin】Huh...? Hey, are you not gonna sing or dance during your next stream?
【Airi】We did do a show stream just the other day. I'm thinking about having us do something with more of a variety feel for our next one.
【Airi】That's my wheelhouse, so I'm in charge of coming up with the ideas for it.
【Rin】Now I see! You are amazing at coming up with those sorts of ideas, Airi!
【Len】Yeah. Hm...?
【Len】Airi, what's this “hundred-question box challenge” about?
【Airi】Oh, that involves taking questions from our fans and answering a hundred of them in a row.
【Airi】After I wrote it down, I began to vaguely remember doing the same segment during that dream. I might've written that idea subconsciously.
【Rin】You're talking about the dream you had after you touched those black fragments?
【Len】You did say how you'd become a streamer.
【Airi】Yeah, I was apparently pretty popular. And I got to do a joint stream with Nanamin.
【Rin】Even in that dream, you were making lots and lots of people smile, Airi.
【Airi】Hehe. Yeah.
【Airi】But...I also wasn't sure how to feel.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Because the me in that dream didn't believe the person who appeared on all those variety shows was a real idol.
【Airi】Which is why she decided to spread hope to everyone by singing and dancing. In order to become a “real” idol.
【Airi】But...the real me knows the truth...
[Sound] bgm00039
[Sound] se00053_b
【Len】You did everything you could “for your fans”, right? I'm sure you were able to touch the hearts of so many people because of that.
【Len】They had to believe that tomorrow would be amazing because of you, Airi.
[Background Change] bg_a003901
【Shy Girl】But whenever I see you on TV, Happy Everyday, I forget all about feeling lonely.
【Shy Girl】Even when I do feel that way, I can cheer myself up just by thinking about you!
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Airi】The person who appeared on those variety shows was still able to spread hope to others as an idol.
【Len】Airi...
【Airi】Moving forward, regardless of if I'm on a variety show or a stage, I plan on making everybody smile.
【Airi】In order to do that, I'm gonna come up with fun stream ideas, practice singing and dancing a lot... And do everything else that I possibly can.
【Airi】Then, someday...
【Airi】I'll become the idol that I always wanted to be!
【Len】You really are such a cool idol, Airi...
【Rin】Yeah! I promise to give you all the support I can so that you can make your dream come true! Don't hesitate to ask for anything, okay♪
【Airi】Thanks, Rin, Len.
【Airi】Oh, we got pretty sidetracked there. I need to wrap up this segment before it gets too late.
【Airi】I know. Would you two like to help me out with this?
【Rin】Yeah, I wanna help!
【Len】Let's do our best to make it a really good one!
【Airi】I really appreciate it. Then, let's start with my current list of candidates.
[Sound] bgm00000
