【KAITO — If You Want Heat〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: KAITO
Card: If You Want Heat（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Rekindle the Flame
scenarioId: 026043_kaito02

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【KAITO】Humhumhumm♪
【KAITO】Spread plenty over each slice of bread, sandwich them together and...
[Sound] se00006_b
【Akito】Hey.
【MEIKO】Oh, welcome, everyone.
【Kohane】Hi, MEIKO, Miku. KAITO called us over and...
【Miku】Oh, he's over there. KAITO?
【KAITO】Yes, hello! Would you all mind coming over to this table for me?
[Sound] se_walk_men_004_4
【An】You said that we needed to come here immediately. Were you talking about...?
【KAITO】Yes, I'd like for you to all eat these!
【KAITO】Ta-daa! Can you guess what these are?
【Toya】They're sandwiches, yes...? It looks like they're filled with jam...
【KAITO】Yes, these are peanut butter and jelly sandwiches! They're apparently very popular over in the US!
【An】Oh, Uncle Taiga's told me about these!
【An】They're apparently so popular over there that they're usually the first thing you learn to make yourself.
【Akito】Oh, really?
【Miku】I can understand why since sandwiches were also the first thing I learned to make while helping MEIKO.
【KAITO】Yes, I remember...
【Kohane】But why did you decide to make these all of a sudden?
【An】I know! You want us to eat all these so that we'll be able to hold our own when we meet everyone over there!
【Akito】Wait, like that superstition about eating katsudon the night before a big game?
【KAITO】Haha! I like your thinking, but that's actually the opposite of what I had in mind.
【Toya】The opposite?
【KAITO】Yes! My goal today is to get you all more familiar with the country's most popular food items!
【KAITO】Becoming more comfortable with their culinary culture should make learning English a little easier, no?
【KAITO】Especially considering how much you and Akito have been struggling with your speaking lessons, An.
【An & Akito】Oh...
【Akito】You really did this just for us...?
【KAITO】I did!
【KAITO】Oh, but these may not taste quite the same as the real deal since I had to use what was available to me. I also tried not to make them too sweet...
【An】Then, we'll get to compare the ones you made to the ones over there...!
【Akito】Yeah, that could be something for us to look forward to.
【KAITO】Wonderful!
【KAITO】Please bring some over to SEKAI when you do! I'd also like to compare my work to the ones you find.
【Akito】We will.
【Kohane】Hehe. Then, we'll need to start practicing the phrases we're going to use while shopping a lot more!
【Toya】Good point. Tipping workers is also a part of their culture, so we'll also need to learn how to pay people properly.
【Akito】The list of things we have to learn just keeps growing and growing...
【An】But learning these things will make our lives a lot easier when we're over there...
[Sound] se_walk_women_004_1
[Sound] se_walk_women_004_2
【Miku】Here are your usual drinks, everyone.
【KAITO】Where's mine, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Your coffee? Here you are.
【KAITO】Yes!
【KAITO】MEIKO, Miku, if you're both free now, come join have some of these peanut butter and jelly sandwiches with us!
【MEIKO】Okay!
【KAITO】In the meantime, let's start eating! Take a look. There's plenty of peanut butter and jelly on each one!
【Akito】Come to think of it, “jelly” over there is what we call jam over here, right?
【An】I think so. By the way, what kind of jam is this?
【KAITO】You'll have to take a bite to find out!
【KAITO】So, without further ado! Let's eat!
【Kohane, An, Akito & Toya】Let's eat!
[Sound] bgm00000
