【KAITO — Secret Guidance〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: KAITO
Card: Secret Guidance（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: KAMIYAMA HIGH FESTIVAL!
scenarioId: 026007_kaito02

[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【KAITO】Hello, everyone. It's good to see you.
【Tsukasa】Good to see you too! Our School Festival went well and we're back to our usual schedule starting today!
【Miku】Yay! That means we can do shows together again!
【Emu】Yay♪ Come on, Nene! Show us your enthusiasm too!
【Nene】Um... Y-Yay...
【KAITO】Hehe. By the way, how did you play go?
【Tsukasa】Yes, it was a huge success!
【Tsukasa】So much so that I had students who didn't get to see it coming up to me asking for another showing!
【KAITO】That's terrific.
【Tsukasa】I know, right? Rui's advice, as well as yours, from when we were rehearsing definitely helped polish it to perfection. And let's not forget my incredible talent!
【Tsukasa】But there's been something puzzling me since that show...
【Tsukasa】I was expecting the audience to be in tears after that rollercoaster of tragic emotions, but they burst into tears laughing. Was my script too much for them?
【KAITO】Haha, well...
【Rui】Hehe. A mystery indeed...
【Emu】Was it really that much fun?! I wish I could've seen it too!
【Miku】Me too! Can you at least tell us what it was about?
【Tsukasa】Ah. Well, it was a tragedy about nine Romeos fighting to the death for Juliet's love.
【Tsukasa】They clash in a heated battle with sweat on their brows and blood gushing everywhere. They all fight passionately until the bitter end!
【Miku】Wow, that sounds amazing!
【Emu】Yeah, it does! It sounds weird, but it does!
【Tsukasa】Wait, but I showed you some parts of it at the Wonder Stage!
【KAITO】Perhaps we could do a performance here for everyone to enjoy?
【Emu】Oooh!
【Miku】Really, KAITO?!
【KAITO】Of course.
【KAITO】I've seen some of their rehearsals, but not the entire play.
【KAITO】I'd like to see it performed in its entirety, if you'd be willing, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】I couldn't say no to you, KAITO!
【Tsukasa】Alright then! Get ready for a special encore of Romeo: Battle Royale!
【Miku】Yay♪
【Rui】We'll need to prepare the stage and props. Oh, we need to choose the actors too.
【Rui】Even if everyone here was given part, we wouldn't be able to fill every role.
【KAITO】Let's ask Len and the plushies to join.
【Miku】Good thinking! I'll go find them!
[Sound] se00049
【Tsukasa】Okay! We'll get everything set up in the meantime.
【Nene】Hold on. What about the script?
【Tsukasa】No problem there. I have it saved to my phone.
【Nene】Not that. I meant its content.
【Nene】You said it was about a gory battle. Isn't that too extreme for the plushies?
【Rui】Removing fake bloodstains from them would be quite an ordeal, I imagine.
【Tsukasa】I suppose we could tone it down to make it suitable for all audiences, like our Wonder Stage shows.
【KAITO】Thank you for bringing that up, Nene. And Tsukasa, for being so accommodating.
【Tsukasa】Hey, a star has to understand how his audience feels as well!
【Tsukasa】So I'd better get started with revising the script then.
【KAITO】Okay. Let me help you.
【KAITO】Alright, is that everyone?
【Len & Plushies】Yes!
【KAITO】Shall we assign who will be playing each Romeo now?
【Tsukasa】In order of appearance we have: Hammer Romeo, who dies from stubbing his pinky toe; Tonfa Romeo, who dies from looking the wrong way...
【Len】Hahaha! That's hilarious! Their causes of death are too funny!
【Emu】Oh, there's more where that came from!
【Miku】Hehehe! This is gonna be a tough choice♪
【KAITO】(Tsukasa really never fails to make people around him smile.)
【Tsukasa】Okay, most of the roles are assigned now. Wait, KAITO doesn't have a role yet.
【KAITO】What will it be for me?
【Len】You'll be Ninja Star Romeo, who dies from biting his tongue while speaking too fast!
【KAITO】Wait, why don't I get a choice?
【Tsukasa】And that leaves...
【KAITO】H-Hey, can't we discuss this...?!
[Sound] bgm00000
