【Kagamine Rin — Idol On Cake♪〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kagamine Rin
Card: Idol On Cake♪（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Secret Operation Valentine's Day
scenarioId: 022015_rin02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Minori】Airi's Valentine's Day cake was so good!
【Miku】It really was! Thank you for baking us such a cute and delicious cake, Airi♪
【Airi】You're all very welcome. I'm glad you guys liked it so much!
【Airi】Hm? It's getting pretty late...
【Haruka】Oh, you're right... We should probably get going soon since we have school tomorrow.
【Shizuku】I suppose so. We'll see you all tomorrow during practice, okay?
【Rin】Yeah! See you then!
【Airi】Alright, Rin, you're up next, right? Good luck!
【Rin】Thanks, Airi!
【Len】Alright, we should probably call it day too.
【Rin】W-Wait just a second!
【KAITO】Hm? Yes, Rin?
【Rin】Hehe. There's something I'd like to give all of you.
[Sound] se00055
【Rin】And here it is, you guys! Happy Valentine's Day♪
【MEIKO】What?! You also prepared something for us, Rin?
【Rin】Yeah. I asked Airi for some help and she showed me something that I could make myself♪
【Rin】These represent my appreciation for all of you, so I hope you give them a try!
【Rin】I'll start handing them out in order! Starting with... KAITO!
【Rin】KAITO! Thank you for always being the one putting together my schedule leading up to each show! Your advice regarding effects and stuff has also been huge!
【Rin】Which is why I want to start helping you with your shows, so feel free to ask me for anything!
【KAITO】Thank you. I may just have to take you up on your offer.
【Rin】Great! I promise to do my best!
【Rin】You're next, Len!
【Len】Okay.
【Rin】Thanks for always being there to talk about set lists and communicating with the audience!
【Rin】You've been the reason behind why some of my shows have gone really, really well!
【Rin】I appreciate the advice you've given me so far, and I'm hoping that we can keep having those sorts of discussions.
【Len】Of course, Rin. After all, we're idol buddies.
【Rin】Hehe♪
【Rin】Next I have, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】Present!
【Rin】I really love the way you interact with the crowd during your shows, MEIKO, and genuinely admire you for that.
【Rin】Would it be possible for you to teach me more about how to run shows the way you do sometime?!
【MEIKO】Of course♪ Come ask me at any time!
【Rin】Thank you so much!
【Rin】Next, Luka, if you will!
【Luka】Wonderful♪
【Rin】The way you dance with so much grace and carry yourself as an idol is something that I've been trying to copy for a really long time.
【Rin】But I still haven't been able to figure it out, so I'd love to learn more from you about that!
【Luka】Hehe. I'd be honored♪ And thank you for the chocolates, Rin.
【Rin】You're very welcome!
【Rin】Last but not least, Miku!
【Miku】Yay♪
【Rin】Thank you so very much for being in so many shows with me!
【Rin】Remember that time we got too caught up in doing fan service for the audience that we both forgot where we were supposed to stand...?
【Miku】Hehe. I wasn't sure what we could do then, but you kept your cool and figured out a way.
【Rin】No, Miku, I was only able to do that because you said, “It's okay. Just stay calm.”
【Rin】You've always been there for me like that, and I can't thank you enough for it.
【Rin】I wouldn't be here right now if it weren't for you, Miku! I'm looking forward to doing lots and lots more stuff together♪
【Miku】Me too♪ Let's do another show together soon, Rin!
【KAITO】Alright, Rin, mind if I try some of your chocolates now?
【Rin】Go for it♪
【Luka】I think I will as well♪
【Luka】Oh, the wrapping for KAITO's chocolates looks like an English newspaper, but mine are covered in pink flowers.
【MEIKO】Look, mine's also different!
【Len】Same here. It's like they were specially picked out for each of us.
【Rin】Yup! I had Airi choose some designs for me and went with what's in your hands.
【KAITO】And these chocolate clusters are very cute! I can tell you worked very hard on these, Rin.
【KAITO】Anyway, let's have a taste. Mmm... They're good and not overly sweet either.
【Rin】I wasn't sure about what all of your preferences were in terms of sweetness, so I tried making them not too sweet but also not too bitter♪
【Luka】So a pinch of sweetness and a lot of love♪
【MEIKO】Hehe. Oh, Luka.
【Rin】(Thank goodness. They all seemed to really like it.)
【Rin】(Airi! My Valentine's Day surprise was a huge success!)
[Sound] bgm00000
