【Kusanagi Nene — Understanding Tokiwa Gozen〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kusanagi Nene
Card: Understanding Tokiwa Gozen（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Perspective for Smile
scenarioId: 015034_nene01

[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Sound] se00034_b
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Class 2-A
【Nene】Where'd I put my lunch...? O-Oww...
【Nene】*Sigh* (I'm sore all over because of Mr. Kijima's workouts...)
【Nene】(My stamina still has a lot left to be desired compared to how much Emu and Tsukasa have...)
【Nene】(Isn't there a quick and efficient way for me to increase it...?)
【An】*Sigh* I'm starved. Are you having lunch with Toya again, Akito?
【Akito】No, he's got library committee stuff today. I was just gonna have lunch in our classroom.
【Nene】(Wait, those two...! They might know a good way...)
【Nene】Sorry, Shiraishi, Shinonome... There's something I wanna ask you guys.
[Sound] bgm00000
【An】Hey, this troupe you're talking about sounds awesome! Mikazukigumi, right? And you guys get to train with them...?
[Sound] bgm00171
【Akito】But you want to increase your stamina to make the most of what you do with them.
【Nene】Yeah, that's the thing.
【Nene】I run and do a little strength training... But I was wondering if you guys could tell me about any other exercises or anything that you think could be good.
【Nene】So, Shiraishi, how do you train normally?
【An】Hmm... I run, but only on days when I feel like it... I also do some strength training... And I sing. That's about it.
【Nene】Sing...? Yeah, that makes sense considering what your team does.
【An】That's the thing. We're not really in the same field, so I'm not sure how much what we say is going to help.
【An】But the last time I practiced on my own... Given that it was a holiday, I would've spent about half of it singing.
【Nene】That much...?!
【An】Yeah. My logic is that if you wanna become a singer with a lot of stamina, you gotta sing!
【An】Again, I run and do some strength training, but I don't really follow a strict regimen... I decide that day what I feel like doing!
【Nene】Okay, thanks... That style really suits you, Shiraishi.
【Akito】To be fair, singing can be pretty physically intensive.
【Nene】Right, since it can be an aerobic exercise that involves diaphragmatic breathing... I might try singing for half a day like you just said...
【Nene】Also, Shinonome, I'd like to ask you the same question.
【Akito】Well, I mostly do what An does. I run, do strength workouts and sing...
【Akito】But I have been making sure to run every morning and stretch before I go to bed each night to make them a part of my daily routine.
【Nene】Your daily routine, huh? I didn't realize you were so diligent about this...
【An】I know, right? Akito's such a stickler for fine details sometimes.
【Akito】Yeah, unlike this other whimsical person I know.
【An】Whimsical?! What do you mean?!
【Classmates】We couldn't help but overhear you guys!
【Nene, An & Akito】What? Huh?
【Classmates】You want a quick and efficient way to increase your stamina, right? We can help you with that!
【An】Wait, were you guys eavesdropping?
【Classmates】Haha. Sorry! We sorta overheard partway through...
【Classmates】Anyway, in our club, we jump rope a lot! It's a great way to strengthen your core!
【Nene】Oh, is it that good a core workout...?
【Classmates】It is! We usually spend around twenty minutes doing that.
【Nene】I had no idea... That means I can work out anywhere as long as I carry one around with me.
【Classmates】Oh, me next! I saw on TV the other day that jump squats are supposed to be really good!
【Nene】Wait, jumping and squatting...? That sounds really hard, but I'll try looking it up later...
【Classmates】Also, it's super important to know when to take your protein!
【Nene】Protein? I dunno... I've heard that some don't really taste all that great...
【Akito】Actually, they have a lot of good ones now.
【An】Oh, like the one I had the other day. That cheesy gratin flavor protein bar!
【Nene】Cheesy gratin...? That's a real product?
【An】I know, right? I decided to have it after an event since I got a little hungry, but it ended up being really good.
【Classmates】Really?! I was also wondering what it actually tasted like. I might go give it a try now.
【Nene】Yeah, me too...
【An】Great! I hope things go well with increasing your stamina and training with Mikazukigumi!
【Akito】Based on what you just told us, it sounds like they do some pretty hard workouts. But you still gotta try your best...
【Nene】Thanks, I will...
[Sound] bgm00000
