【Tenma Tsukasa — I'm The Lead!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: I'm The Lead!（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: KAMIYAMA HIGH FESTIVAL!
scenarioId: 013006_tsukasa02

[Background Change] bg_a000501
[Caption] A few days after the School Festival
[Caption] Kamiyama High School
【Tsukasa】There you are! Hey, Toya!
【Akito】Ugh...
【Toya】Tsukasa? What are you doing here?
【Tsukasa】I came to give you what you requested. Here!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Toya】Oh... It's a DVD of Romeo: Battle Royale!
[Sound] bgm00015
【Akito】Huh? Is that the thing we saw during the School Festival?
【Toya】Yes. It's the glorious play starring Tsukasa. I heard he was having it recorded, so I asked if I could have a copy.
【Akito】Oh, um... Great?
【Tsukasa】Do you want one too, Akito? I can get you one tomorrow.
【Akito】Nah, don't worry about me.
【Tsukasa】No need to be shy! I saw you sitting in the first row with Toya.
【Akito】You noticed...?
【Tsukasa】Of course! I always scan the audience to see their reactions!
【Toya】Such professionalism.
【Tsukasa】Heh, you know me. On another note...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Having you in the audience was a real throwback to the past. Didn't you used to come see my shows when we were kids too?
[Sound] bgm00024
【Toya】Yes. It brought back memories for me as well.
【Akito】Kids...? I heard you two have been friends for ages, but have you been doing theater for that long, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】I have indeed! You have to start young to become the world's greatest star! My sister and Toya used to watch my performances, and even help me practice!
【Toya】I didn't do anything, I would just sit there and enjoy your shows. They were always very uplifting.
【Tsukasa】You were always so gloomy back then too... You and classical music just didn't seem to mix...
【Akito】...
【Tsukasa】But it's a star's job to cheer up their audience!
【Tsukasa】That's why also I used to do improvised performances for Toya all the time.
【Akito】Hmm...
【Toya】Yes, you did so many too. When you couldn't make do with a cast of just one, you used plushies to fill the other roles.
【Tsukasa】Oh, like Saki's rabbit plushie! That one's still in good shape.
【Toya】Huh?
【Tsukasa】(It's living the life in SEKAI, starring in shows alongside Miku and others.)
【Tsukasa】Anyway, you seem much happier these days.
【Toya】Do I? If so, that's thanks to Akito.
【Akito】Me? What did I do?
【Toya】You know, Akito. You must've noticed that I became much more positive since we started singing together.
【Tsukasa】Really? In that case, I owe you thanks, Akito! Toya's like a little brother to me, and he's my #2 fan after Saki!
【Toya】...
【Akito】Okay...
【Mizuki's Voice】Hm? Hey, Tsukasa...!
【Tsukasa】You're Rui's friend who sat in the front row at my play with Toya and Akito!
【Tsukasa】What was your name again? Akiyama?
【Mizuki】Yup, that's me♪
【Tsukasa】I still vividly remember you bursting into tears laughing during the show!
【Tsukasa】It wasn't really meant to make people laugh, but it's always rewarding to see the audience having a good time!
【Mizuki】What, you mean it? I thought I might've been pretty obnoxious, but I couldn't help myself...!
【Tsukasa】You should never be ashamed of reacting so naturally. They're what makes a play complete.
【Mizuki】Huh? Care to explain?
【Tsukasa】A theatrical performance involves two groups of people: the actors on the stage and the audience watching them.
【Tsukasa】The actors assume their roles and create a world for the audience to behold and be drawn into!
【Tsukasa】The audience's reactions, such as laughter, tears or anger, help them become a part of the play too.
【Tsukasa】It's only when everyone gathered becomes invested in the spectacle that it can reach its true potential.
【Mizuki】So my reaction complemented your show?
【Tsukasa】Precisely! And what makes theater so exciting is that the world created by the performers and the audience is different every time. No two shows are alike!
【Mizuki】Yeah, I can see that...!
【Mizuki】(In our case, we can check everyone's comments after the fact, but it's all said and done.)
【Mizuki】(The audience and the artists creating something together... That never occurred to me...)
【Akito】...
【Akito】(I totally get it. Watching the audience's reactions and getting them involved is even more important at gigs.)
【Tsukasa】(Heh. Hehehehe. I can feel it! Akito and Akiyama's eyes are glowing with admiration!)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Heh, easy now. Those eyes scream that you're hoping to get my autograph!
[Sound] bgm00015
【Toya】...!
【Akito】Wait, what?
【Mizuki】An autograph?
【Akito】Dude, I don't want your autograph...
【Mizuki】Haha. Yeah, I'm good too...
【Tsukasa】Hmm? Too shy to ask maybe?
【Tsukasa】Anyway, my official autograph is still a work in progress. Once I perfect it, I'll gladly sign something for you!
【Akito & Mizuki】(Dude, I don't need it!)
【Tsukasa】As a special treat, I'll even add a serial number to your autographs!
【Tsukasa】That way they'll be truly unique, and even more valuable! Hahahahaha!
[Sound] bgm00000
