【KAITO — It's Okay, Everyone〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: KAITO
Card: It's Okay, Everyone（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Connected Through SEKAI's Cherry Blossoms
scenarioId: 026016_kaito01

[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【MEIKO】Alright, here we go! Let's dance!
【Emu, Rin & Len】Yay♪
【Nene】Wait, Miku, Rin, you're going a bit too fast! Try to copy what Emu and Len are doing!
【KAITO】Nene, would you mind clapping your hands to provide a beat for them?
【Nene】Okay, sure.
【Nene】Ready, you guys? One, two, three, four!
【Emu】Okay☆ Clap your hands like... One, two, three, four!
【Everyone】One, two, three, four!
【Nene】Yeah, much better! Thank you for that, KAITO.
【KAITO】Hehe. You're most welcome.
【KAITO】(With Nene and MEIKO here, our dance team should be in good hands.)
【KAITO】(Now, how's the script team doing...?)
【Rui】The protagonist and the girl are supposed to become better friends here, but it feels thin at this point. If possible, I'd like to spice it up somehow.
【Tsukasa】Hmm... Well, the central themes of this show involve family, friends and bonds...
【Tsukasa】So what if the protagonist is able to make new friends because of this girl or becomes closer to this uncle they're living with...?
【Rui】Yes, that could work. Which just leaves...
【KAITO】(Looks like they're having a productive discussion as well.)
【KAITO】(I'm really looking forward to seeing how this show turns out.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_f000904
[Background Change] bg_d000501
【KAITO】(And that SEKAI. That tree... It glistened with everyone's thoughts and feelings.)
【KAITO】(Also, that tree could conceivably grow even bigger if Tsukasa and the others keep growing as performers.)
[Sound] se00097
【Tsukasa】Sorry, KAITO, but would you mind if we asked you something?
[Sound] bgm00018
【KAITO】Oh, is this about the script you were just discussing?
【Rui】Yes. It seems solid up through the middle, but we're having trouble with the ending.
【Tsukasa】That's why we want to hear what you think, KAITO!
【KAITO】I'll gladly join your discussion. Can you tell me what kind of story you're trying to tell?
【Tsukasa】Yes. Our protagonist is an introverted girl who plans to spend her spring break by just reading.
【Tsukasa】However, her parents have quite a lot to prepare as they're about to welcome a new family member into the world.
【Tsukasa】For the time being, the girl is sent off to the countryside to live with her uncle and his wife.
【Rui】But she has trouble adjusting to this new environment. Not only that, she starts feeling lonely because there aren't any other children her age in this village.
【Rui】As a result, she's driven towards trying to find her way back to her beloved parents all on her own.
【Rui】As she ventures up the mountain on her uncle's property, she comes across a girl her age named Some sitting under a cherry blossom tree.
【KAITO】Some...? Does this cherry blossom tree happen to be a Somei-yoshino?
【Tsukasa】Yes, exactly! Some's actually a cherry blossom spirit.
【Tsukasa】As such, she's able to conjure up cherry blossoms from her hands and even cause petal blizzards.
【Tsukasa】Our protagonist is drawn towards Some's wondrous powers and they soon become friends.
【Rui】But as they grow closer, we're thinking that she'll begin figuring out Some's true identity.
【Rui】After Some and the protagonist become friends, they promise to meet again the next day and she heads back to her uncle's home.
【Rui】Her meeting Some also results in being able to open up to her uncle more.
【Rui】But one night, her uncle goes out to gather some herbs from the mountain and shows no signs of returning.
【KAITO】I see. What happens next?
【Tsukasa】The protagonist begins blaming herself for saying, “I want to try those herbs again.” Thus, she feels responsible and goes out searching for him.
【Tsukasa】However, the night is no time for a girl to be searching a mountain alone, and she soon becomes lost as a result.
【Rui】Just as she's about to cry, our cherry blossom spirit, Some, appears.
【Rui】She decided to help search for the protagonist's uncle by calling out to her Somei-yoshino siblings who also live in the mountains.
【KAITO】Oh, that's right. I've heard a story that Somei-yoshino cherry blossoms originate from just one tree.
【Rui】Yes. That's how we plan on presenting the idea of “siblings” during our show.
【Rui】Hehe. Emu will be playing the role of Some, and I'm thinking about having multiple copies of her during this scene.
【KAITO】Wait, multiple copies of Emu?
【Tsukasa】I still don't understand how he plans on doing that, but let's continue...
【Rui】Ultimately, the location of the protagonist's injured uncle will be revealed thanks to Some's help.
【Rui】And a path lined with cherry blossom petals will guide them back to the villagers who've been searching for them.
【KAITO】Yes, that sounds like a very moving climax.
【Tsukasa】I agree. I believe we have a solid story up to this point.
【Tsukasa】However, we're having trouble with the scene where Some and the protagonist have to say goodbye to each other.
【Rui】Despite promising to meet again next spring, the somberness of having to part ways seems to overpower everything else because they've become such close friends.
【KAITO】Hmm... Meeting again next spring...
【Tsukasa】Yes. As it stands, we've made it so Some can only appear when the cherry blossoms are in bloom.
【KAITO】I see...
【KAITO】(If I were a cherry blossom spirit...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_f000904
[Background Change] bg_d000501
【KAITO】Some wants to meet this girl again, yes? It might be good to make it so she doesn't have to wait the entire time.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Rui】What do you mean...?
【KAITO】For example, Some could try finding a way to gather enough energy to make the cherry blossoms look even more beautiful the following year...
【KAITO】It could be her way of making the cherry blossoms stay in bloom longer so that she can be with her friend as much as possible.
【KAITO】(Just as we want to do everything we can to make your dreams come true.)
【KAITO】I'm sure Some would want to do everything in her power for her precious friend.
【Tsukasa】That's fantastic...! Alright, that means the protagonist should also have a goal to work towards.
【Rui】Yes, I agree... What if she finds the resolve to become a good older sister for her new sibling?
【Tsukasa】Yes! Especially since Some's already a big sister with many siblings!
【Tsukasa】Thank you, KAITO. The final part of the story is really coming together now!
【KAITO】Hehe. You're most welcome.
【KAITO】I'm sure it's going to be a wonderful story. I'll be looking forward to seeing how it turns out.
【Tsukasa】Yes! You can count on us to make it a good one!
[Sound] bgm00000
