【Aoyagi Toya — To The Costuming Team!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: To The Costuming Team!（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Picture Perfect!
scenarioId: 012029_touya02

[Background Change] bg_a000501
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Kamiyama High School
【Toya】Phew...
【Toya】(Things were so busy at reception today. More books than usual did get returned...)
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【Nene】Oh, Aoyagi.
【Nene】Did your shift at the library just end? You're always hard at work.
【Toya】Yes, and thank you...
【Nene】You look pretty tired... Was it really busy today or something?
【Toya】Yes, we had quite a few visitors today. I suppose now that the arts festival is over, everybody's coming back to return the books they'd borrowed.
【Toya】Fortunately, we were able to work as a team and get every one back to its shelf.
【Toya】All those books coming back is proof that every class was doing what they could for the arts festival...
【Nene】Yeah... Every presentation was really polished, so I guess that checks out.
【Nene】That includes your class's interpretive dance, Aoyagi.
【Nene】I really liked the part when you guys all stopped on a dime at the same time. Also, congratulations on your podium finish.
【Toya】Yes, thank you. I'm also glad that we were able to produce such good results.
【Toya】Not only that, this festival ended up being a good experience for me.
【Nene】Huh?
【Toya】I helped make the costumes, but I really wasn't sure if I'd be able to at first since I didn't know anything about sewing.
【Toya】But I was able to contribute to the team because everyone else was nice enough to teach me how.
【Toya】Even for our dance, we were initially all over the place and struggled to make it to the end of our routine.
【Toya】But after many conversations and a lot of practice, we slowly figured out how to move as a single unit.
【Nene】Aoyagi...
【Toya】Again, I'm happy that my class was able to achieve some good results for this festival.
【Toya】But I'm even happier about how we were able to work together to create something for everyone in the school to see...
【Toya】Yes, learning to do something new wasn't easy, but both sewing and our dance made for very valuable experiences.
【Nene】You're so honest, Aoyagi...
【Toya】I am?
【Nene】Yeah. But I also went through a similar experience...
【Nene】I wasn't sure what was gonna happen after everyone asked me to be the director...
【Nene】But I'm really glad they did... Directing our film ended up being a great experience.
【Toya】I see...
【Toya】It's nice to hear that we were both able to gain something from this. Also, I forgot to congratulate you on winning the judge's prize...
【Toya】Your class's film was very good.
【Nene】You think so? That's great to hear.
【Toya】First of all, the stunts felt so dynamic because of the camera work. I couldn't help but feel drawn into the action.
【Toya】I don't really know much about movies, but I'm guessing there were a few clever tricks involved...
【Toya】As for the screenplay, although I was startled by the peculiar world you'd chosen at first...
【Toya】After the apocalypse, a cook wanders the wastes fighting against evil while delivering food to those in need... I was impressed at how the story showcased his integrity and kindness.
【Nene】Huh? O-Oh, thanks...
【Toya】I was also a bit surprised when I found out that you'd written such a screenplay, Kusanagi...
【Nene】N-No, I... So... I had some help with that...
【Toya】I see... That would certainly explain the setting. Whoever you asked must be quite imaginative.
【Toya】But you were ultimately tasked with turning it into a single, coherent story, no? It was very well put together, and that attention to detail felt very you.
【Nene】R-Really...? Thanks...
【Toya】Not to mention...
【Nene】(Even when he's praising others, he's really honest...)
[Sound] bgm00000
