【Shinonome Akito — How We Each Spend Our Days Off〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Shinonome Akito
Card: How We Each Spend Our Days Off（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Walk on and on
scenarioId: 011019_akito01

[Background Change] bg_a001502
[Caption] Shibuya Park
【Toya】Okay... It may be better to emphasize the bass section more for that last part.
【Akito】Yeah, I agree. That should give the chorus a little more pop.
【Toya】Then, let's make that adjustment. We can have Azusawa and Shiraishi listen to it tomorrow.
【Akito】Tomorrow...? That's sooner than normal. Are you sure?
【Toya】Yes, and please don't worry. I don't plan on staying up that late to work on this.
【Toya】What about you though? I noticed that you came here early to practice on your own. Please, try not to push yourself too hard...
【Akito】This is nothing. And I don't want to make you worry again by doing too much.
【Akito】I mean, between practice and making your own track, you're not exactly taking it easy either. That means I should also be doing what I can.
【Arata】Sounds like your efforts have lit a flame under Akito.
【Toya】The same goes for me.
【Toya】Like him, I want to do what I can as well.
【Kotaro】These guys are like...
【Tatsuya】Well, I see no problem if they're saying that they're okay.
【Tatsuya】However, how one performs can change drastically based on the way they spend their time preparing.
【Arata】Yes, that's very true. You can try all you want, but it's all for naught if you're too exhausted.
【Akito】Yeah, I get that... But don't you guys do stuff outside of our joint practices?
【Kotaro】I usually crash and fall asleep whenever I feel really tired. I'm usually all ready to sing by the time I wake up the next day!
【Akito】I was asking about how you guys practice...
【Tatsuya】He may be a bit of an extreme example, but I also like to rest whenever I can.
【Tatsuya】I usually use that time to listen to our songs or watch videos of our shows to imagine how we're going to perform.
【Arata】I also prefer to take it easy the day before long practices or rehearsals.
【Arata】I may try to get a breath of fresh air by traveling somewhere far away to take photos or something else that's unrelated to music.
【Arata】Those sorts of trips can also lead to some nice inspiration. Seeing things from new perspectives tend to help me put on better performances.
【Kotaro】See? I'm not crazy! Taking breaks and resting is really important!
【Akito】It sounds less compelling when you say it...
【Tatsuya】In any case, working hard isn't the only way to put on better performances.
【Tatsuya】So, why not set aside some days here and there to stop and smell the flowers?
【Toya】Yes, I see... Then, it may be good for us to make some adjustments to our practice schedule.
【Akito】Yeah, I agree. But for now, we gotta keep working on our new songs.
【Akito】We can come back to that after the event.
【Kotaro】...
【Akito】What is it? You got something to say?
【Kotaro】No, not really. It's just... You seem all prickly most of the time, but you're really not deep down.
【Akito】Huh? What are you talking about?
【Tatsuya】Yeah, I thought you were pretty stubborn and unbending at first, but you're more flexible than I initially realized.
【Akito】Give me some credit... Of course I'm willing to try things that could prove beneficial to my team.
【Tatsuya】Haha. Yeah, sorry, I wasn't trying to be mean or anything.
【Tatsuya】Anyway, I'll be looking forward to hearing Vivid BAD SQUAD's new songs.
【Akito】It goes without saying that we're gonna blow the roof off the place.
【Arata】Hehe. I like that... With the time we have left, let's all do our best to make our event a good one.
[Sound] bgm00000
