【Kamishiro Rui — Appreciating That Spirit〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Appreciating That Spirit（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: On the Stage of Dazzling Light
scenarioId: 016015_rui02

[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Background Change] bg_d000903
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Rui's Room
【Rui】(Our show at the music hall couldn't have gone better.)
【Rui】(For a while there, we weren't sure if we could actually go through with it.)
【Rui】(But Tsukasa gave us an incredible performance.)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d002102
【Thorpe】“*Sigh* I only have half a day left...”
【Thorpe】“The stars... They're so beautiful...”
[Background Change] bg_d000903
【Rui】(He even managed to figure out how to handle the scene where Thorpe looks at the stars.)
【Rui】Anyway... We'll be having a discussion surrounding our next regular show tomorrow...
【Rui】Hmm... It may be a good opportunity for me to bring that thing up as well.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Sound] bgm00032
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Alright, let's pick up where we left off yesterday regarding our next regular show!
【Nene】We have a few ideas on the table, so wanna start chipping away at those?
【Emu】Hmm... But there's still a chance that we could come up with a really fun idea for a show♪
【Tsukasa】I agree. There's no need for us to rush anything out right now, so let's take this opportunity to get on the same page.
【Rui】...
【Rui】In that case, would you mind hearing my suggestion?
【Nene】You have a suggestion?
【Rui】Yes. This has been on my mind ever since we decided that Tsukasa would play Thorpe.
【Tsukasa】Oh? What could this entail? Let's hear it.
【Rui】Alright.
【Rui】Remember the show we did with the Black Knight? I was thinking we could do that again.
【Tsukasa】The Black Knight?
【Tsukasa】You brought that up when you suggested that I find something that my character and I have in common...
【Tsukasa】But why now? Mind telling us your reasons behind your idea?
【Rui】Excellent questions.
【Rui】Last time, you were able to successfully take on this role after discovering that you and the Black Knight were both very strong-willed.
【Rui】However, I have a feeling that you now have the power to further examine how this character thinks and feels.
【Tsukasa】...!
【Tsukasa】In other words, you believe we'll be able to put on a better show than before!
【Emu】Whoa! That'd be amazing!
【Nene】Yeah, I'm kinda curious as to how Tsukasa would play the Black Knight now too.
【Rui】See what I mean? Feel up to it, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Heh. Of course!
【Tsukasa】I've taken a big step forward as an actor, so let's give everyone the new and improved Black Knight!
【Rui】Wonderful! Why don't we start by taking another look at the script?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
【Rui】The Black Knight is actually someone who loves peace and used his sword to protect people.
【Rui】He was even revered as the “Knight of Peace”, but...
【Tsukasa】He began to change after having to fight in so many battles.
【Rui】Exactly. He went from protecting others to defeating his enemies and becoming enamored with the sensation of achieving victory.
【Emu】Yeah... He only used to fight and try to win against his opponents because he wanted to protect everyone.
【Nene】Initially, it was just a means to an end, but it sort of wound up becoming his primary goal.
【Tsukasa】A means to an end becoming his goal...
【Tsukasa】I honestly never really thought about that last time, but I think I understand now...
【Tsukasa】“To protect others” is to essentially run a marathon with no goal at the end.
【Tsukasa】You have no idea how far you have to go or if it'll ever end.
【Rui】But defeating one's enemies and fighting to win is much more cut and dry in terms of tangible outcomes...
【Tsukasa】Right. And so, the Black Knight ended up choosing more easily achievable goals instead.
【Tsukasa】I'd labeled him as a “bad guy” before without actually thinking about him as a human being...
【Tsukasa】But now I understand... The Black Knight and I are one and the same.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Emu】Huh? The same?
【Tsukasa】Yes. I too foolishly placed my goal of becoming a star over making the audience and my friends smile.
【Rui】Fortunately, you and the Black Knight were both able to make that realization.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Tsukasa】Precisely...! And I have all of you to thank.
【Nene】Tsukasa...
【Tsukasa】This means I'll have to revisit my old, naive self...
【Tsukasa】But even going over just the beginning has uncovered all these ways I can improve my understanding of this character.
【Tsukasa】If we keep this up, I'm sure we'll be able to put on a show that's orders of magnitude better than before!
【Rui】Yes, I agree.
【Rui】We'll be counting on you, Tsukasa!
[Sound] bgm00000
