【Kiritani Haruka — Donuts And Memories〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Donuts And Memories（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: One Small Trip Before a Big Journey
scenarioId: 006025_haruka01

[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Caption] Red Brick Center - Building 1, 1st Floor
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】Hehe. Thank you for shaking my hand, Haruka!
【Haruka】Hehe. You're welcome.
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】Me too, Haruka! I want a handshake too!
【Elementary School Teacher】Shhh! Don't shout like that. That'll trouble the other customers, and Ms. Kiritani is in the middle of hide and seek, remember?
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】Oh! That's right... Sorry, Haruka.
【Haruka】That's okay. Thanks to all of your help, I haven't been found yet.
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】Thank goodness...
【Elementary School Teacher】So sorry for all of the trouble, but thank you very much for going along with the kids' wishes.
【Haruka】It's alright. I'm happy to do this much. Also, is that everyone?
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】Oh, wait Haruka! Hey, you sure you're okay not shaking her hand?
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】Um... I don't really know about her, so...
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】What?! You don't know Haruka? Even though “Rainbow Parameters” and a bunch of other ASRUN songs are always playing during lunch?
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】Huh? Did you sing those songs, Miss?
【Haruka】Hehe, yes, I did.
【Haruka】I'm in a group called MORE MORE JUMP! now and we're all singing our hardest.
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】I didn't know that...!
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】Um, actually... Can I shake your hand?
【Haruka】Yes, of course.
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】Yay...!
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】But what are you doing here, Haruka?
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】She said she's playing hide and seek. So it's probably for TV, right?
【Haruka】No, I'm actually on a field trip right now.
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】Huh? You're on a field trip too? So is that girl you were with before your friend?
【Haruka】Yes, she is. We're in the same class.
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】Really? Are you close?
【Haruka】Hehe, we're very close. We have lunch together a lot.
【Haruka】(Also...)
【Haruka】(Hoshino and Tenma didn't care that I was an ex-idol and called out to me...)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a000601
【Saki】Morning, Haruka! Are you looking for something? What happened?
【Haruka】Y-Yes... I dropped something important.
【Saki】Oh dear! Come on, we have to find it quickly!
【Ichika】What did you drop?
【Haruka】You're going to help me look?
【Saki】I mean, of course!
[Background Change] bg_a001701
【Haruka】(I was so happy they did that, and it really changed my life...)
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】So those classmates are really important to you!
【Haruka】I'm very grateful that we ended up in the same class and became friends.
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】Hehehe. That's like the same as us! We also became friends after we got put in the same class!
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】Yeah!
【Elementary School Teacher】Alright, everyone. Don't forget to say “thank you” to Ms. Kiritani.
【Elementary School Teacher】Once again, thank you so very much for your time.
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】Thanks, Haruka!
【Elementary Schooler on a Field Trip】Hehehe, I'm going to remember this forever! Thank you!
【Haruka】Hehe. You're welcome.
[Sound] bgm00000
