【Hinomori Shizuku — Determined Brilliance〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hinomori Shizuku
Card: Determined Brilliance（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Grow Glorious Glow
scenarioId: 008040_shizuku02

[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Caption] MORE MORE HOUSE
【Airi】Alright... Ready, everyone?
【Haruka】*Nod* We've finished passing out the drinks and snacks, so we should be able to begin whenever.
【Minori】Then, here's to Shizuku's hard work and the shoot for her commercial going so well♪
【Minori】Take it away for us, Shizuku!
【Shizuku】Okay, then...
【Shizuku】Cheers!
【Minori, Haruka, Airi & Saito】Cheers!
[Sound] se00163_b
【Airi】These Japanese sweets are for you, Shizuku.
【Shizuku】Thank you. These little birds made out of white bean paste and sugar are just so adorable.
【Saito】They really are! Where did you find these?
【Haruka】At the mall. This shop just happened to have a pop-up stall there when we went over to shop for this party.
【Minori】We need to thank our lucky stars for coming across these yummy and adorable treats!
【Minori】So... Here's a panda manju for you, Saito!
【Saito】Thank you very much...!
【Saito】You got this just for me... I promise to save it until just before it expires!
【Airi】We were hoping that you'd eat it today...
【Shizuku】Hehe. I'm glad you like it so much.
【Shizuku's Voice】<Make your eyes more radiant.>
【Minori】Oh...! Look, her Gran Fleur commercial's playing on the TV!
【Minori】No matter how many times I watch it, I still can't believe how beautiful she looks...!
【Saito】I know, right...?! I actually watched it over and over in order to build up some resistance, but I just kept falling further and further in love with her...!
【Saito】Especially when they go in for her close-up. I'm still too afraid to look directly at her.
【Minori】Exactly. It always takes a really long time to settle your mind after your favorite idol shines so blindingly bright!
【Minori】I also kept watching it on loop in order to be able to take in Shizuku's overwhelming beauty in its full form...!
【Shizuku】That's so kind of you two. You really watched my commercial that many times?
【Airi】Geez... If these two keep watching it on loop, then they're gonna end up becoming responsible for a huge percentage of the video views.
【Airi】Oh, speaking of that site... The day that commercial was uploaded, it immediately found its way into the trend rankings!
【Haruka】Yeah, a lot of our fans also said they watched it.
【Haruka】As a result, it's reached an enormous number of views, and the comments section is buzzing too.
【Minori】#Shizuku even started trending on the other social media platforms! I was actually so surprised that I almost dropped my phone!
【Saito】The response she got really was unbelievable...! Plus, a lot of people seem to have learned about MORE MORE JUMP! for the first time through her commercial.
【Saito】It's hard to say if there's a direct correlation, but the streams that have been archived have also been getting more views.
【Airi】A huge success in every way.
【Shizuku】Yes, I'm glad that I was able to make such a major contribution.
【Haruka】Thank you for all your hard work, Shizuku.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】Huh?
【Haruka】I was actually a little worried, since we placed such high expectations on you...
【Shizuku】Oh...
【Airi】We jumped to how this could lead to more work for us, which was only made worse by the fact that the offer was directed only at you.
【Minori】And you ended up working super duper hard for our sake...
【Haruka】But you won a spot to appear on that commercial.
[Sound] bgm00039
【Haruka】Not only did you have a successful shoot, you even managed to get everyone to start talking about MORE MORE JUMP!
【Haruka】As this group's producer, I can confidently say that you really saved us.
【Haruka】So, allow me to thank you again for your efforts.
【Shizuku】Haruka...
【Shizuku】I need to thank all of you as well.
【Shizuku】I must have made you all worry by expressing doubt and not showing more backbone...
【Minori】No, that's totally normal! My heart probably would've exploded if I were placed in the same situation.
【Haruka】Mine too. This commercial was never going to be an easy job, regardless of who was chosen to appear in it...
【Airi】But you passed this test with flying colors, Shizuku. You lived up to our lofty expectations and achieved a tremendous result.
【Airi】So, instead of feeling bad, you should be feeling proud!
【Shizuku】Thank you. The fact that you were all willing to believe in me during this crucial period...
【Shizuku】That filled me with so much happiness. That's what gave me the strength to see this challenge through until the end.
【Saito】Shizuku...
【Shizuku】Of course, I'm happy that I was able to do well during the shoot, and about how well received the commercial has been...
【Shizuku】But most of all, I'm proud of the fact that I was able to help our group during our time of need.
【Haruka】I see. Then, I'm glad you feel that way.
【Airi】Anyway, let's keep eating, shall we? There are still plenty of Japanese sweets left.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】And you're free to have as much as you like, because you're the star of today's show, Shizuku!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Shizuku】Hehe. Thank you. But you bought so many different kinds that I don't know where to begin...
【Saito】Oh, then... How about these manju? I think they're made using tofu skin, and they look very good!
【Minori】As for me, I have some special yokan for you♪ It's designed to look like the night sky, and has this beautiful color gradation to it!
【Airi】How about some of these dango? The red bean paste has bits of real peach in it!
【Haruka】You have your share of picks. Why not take this opportunity to try all of them? This is also my cheat day, so I'll help you finish them.
【Shizuku】Thank you! Then, I'll get started on these now.
[Sound] bgm00000
