【Hoshino Ichika — Profile Story】

Character: Hoshino Ichika
scenarioId: self_ichika_2nd

[Background Change] bg_a001901
[Caption] Rehearsal Studio
【Ichika】I should practice introducing myself for future shows? Yeah, I remember us doing this once before.
【Ichika】Now that we've gone pro...? Right, okay.
【Ichika】Then, I'll try my best.
【Ichika】Hello, everyone. I'm Ichika Hoshino, the singer and guitarist for Leo/need.
【Ichika】I also write songs and lyrics for our band.
【Ichika】Despite having done this kind of talk countless times by now, I can't help but feel nervous doing it in front of a camera.
【Ichika】What else should I talk about...?
【Ichika】Huh? What I like?
【Ichika】Okay, that sounds good. Then, I'll try talking about Miku...
【Ichika】Ever since I first heard one of Miku's songs when I was little, I've always loved her voice.
【Ichika】Oh, speaking of which... The first song we played together was a Miku song.
【Ichika】I really wanted to play it, so I invited Saki and the others to join me. After that, we got ourselves some instruments and began practicing...
【Ichika】In retrospect, we weren't very good back then... But we had so much fun.
【Ichika】Also, I recently began making my own songs using some Miku software.
【Ichika】I felt bad initially because my first few attempts really didn't do Miku's voice justice...
【Ichika】I finally managed to finish one after asking around for some advice. That was an incredible moment...!
【Ichika】It became even more memorable after I sang that song with Miku during a show.
【Ichika】Looking back, Miku's helped connect me with so many different people...
【Ichika】Everyone in Leo/need, all the people who listen to our music...
【Ichika】Through music, Miku's connected me with all of them.
【Ichika】Which is why I want to do the same. I want to bring people together through music.
【Ichika】That seems like a nice place to stop. What do you think...?
【Ichika】Huh? It was great? Thanks, Saki.
【Ichika】Then, um... Everyone...
【Ichika】We promise to do our best as professional musicians moving forward, so we'll be looking forward to your continued support.
[Sound] bgm00000
