【Megurine Luka — Between You And Me〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Megurine Luka
Card: Between You And Me（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Competitive Fire!
scenarioId: 024048_luka02

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
[Sound] se00006_b
【Rin】I brought Luka!
【Luka】Hi, everyone! Thank you all for your patience!
【Miku】Welcome. That means we're all here now.
【Luka】I'm told An and the others brought snacks?
【MEIKO】Yes, they brought quite a lot, so we can choose whatever we like.
【Luka】Woohoo! I can't wait!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00190
【Len】These gummies are really good! They're all crunchy on the outside! Which do you two wanna have, Luka, KAITO?
【Luka】Wow, look at all the colors. I can't decide! Hmm... I'll have a pink one!
【KAITO】Then, I'll have a blue one!
【Luka】Mmm! These really do have a fun texture to them! Can I have another?
【Miku】These snacks have a strange flavor to them...
【Len】Strange?
【MEIKO】They're spicy, but also sour, but it's hard to put them down... They really are strange.
【Len】N-Now I'm curious...!
【Rin】These chocolates feel kind of squishy...
【Luka】You're right. Could there be something inside of them? Let's eat and have a look!
【Luka】Oh, they're filled with almond cream! They're so sweet that my head's starting to spin...!
【Rin】Th-They're that sweet?!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Luka】They brought over so many different kinds of snacks! We really need to thank them later.
[Sound] bgm00171
【MEIKO】Yes, let's do that the next time they visit.
【Len】Still, their trip to the US is already over. It sorta just flew by.
【KAITO】Hehe. Yes, it did. After all, time does fly when you're having fun.
【KAITO】And thanks to them letting us come visit, it was sort of like we were traveling too.
【Luka】Yes, I know what you mean! I always got so excited going over to visit them♪
【Miku】Still, Luka, you were really on your best behavior during this trip...
【Luka】Wait, you think so?
【Rin】Yeah! I mean, even before they flew over to the United States, you and KAITO talked about how you wanted to see all those different places!
【KAITO】Yes, we did.
【KAITO】Chicago because it's the home of modern architecture and beautiful buildings! And Houston for its big space center!
【KAITO】There's also Hollywood for its famous films, as well as Las Vegas!
【Luka】Haha. We did do a lot of research! And then we realized that we couldn't possibly go to all those places, schedule-wise.
【Luka】Really, it just didn't feel like the right atmosphere to go hang out and just goof off, though.
【MEIKO】Right. This trip was a big step toward their goal of standing on top of the world, after all. It's important.
【Luka】Exactly!
【Luka】Yes, I did want to see all those places we just mentioned, even just once—
【Luka】But I'm satisfied because I got to see something just as good!
【Rin】Just as good?
【Luka】An and the others having fun and getting all fired up about meeting some new rivals!
【Luka】Rivals who are all doing everything they can to achieve the same dream...
【Luka】You can tell that a new sort of competitive fire has been lit inside of them based on the way they sang!
【MEIKO】Hehe. Now I see. Yes, that is just as good.
【Miku】Working and performing overseas probably isn't going to be easy...
【Miku】But I am looking forward to seeing how things unfold for them.
【Luka】Me too!
【Luka】They're going over to the US again as part of making their dream come true, so we can take our time seeing all the things we want...!
【KAITO】Hm...? Are you saying...?
【Luka】What do you think that space center's like? And wouldn't it be great to go to Hollywood and be in a movie?!
【KAITO】You haven't given up at all on those things, Luka...!
【Luka】Huh?
【Luka】Of course I haven't! I still want to see and do those things!
【MEIKO】Honestly...
【Miku】You never change, Luka.
[Sound] bgm00000
