【Otori Emu — Our Feelings Become One〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: Our Feelings Become One（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Wonder Magical Showtime!
scenarioId: 014010_emu01

[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】The chief director for this operation will be the Wonder Stage's own Rui Kamishiro! The singing and dancing will be led by Sakurako Seiryuin of the Phoenix Stage!
【Tsukasa】Regarding anything else, feel free to ask me!
【Tsukasa】Now, let's get this show on the road!!
[Sound] se00211
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00020
【Emu】...
【Nene】Emu? Is something wrong?
【Emu】Hehe. Nope♪
【Emu】I'm super duper happy that everybody at Phoenix Wonderland wants to help us!
【Nene】Yeah... We need to do everything we can too then.
【Emu】Yup! So let's start by...
【Experienced Cast Member A】Emu! We're about to begin practicing. Mind helping us out a bit?
【Experienced Cast Member B】Sorry, there's something we thought that we should discuss first...
【Emu】Oh, it's you guys...
【Nene】Do you know them?
【Emu】Yeah. They've all been doing shows here since when grandpa was still around.
【Nene】Oh, I had no idea... S-So what is it that you'd like to discuss with Emu?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Experienced Cast Member A】It's that... We're sorry, Emu!!
【Experienced Cast Members】We felt the need to apologize to you!
【Emu】Huh?
[Sound] bgm00039
【Experienced Cast Member A】Your grandfather took the time to always look after us, but we ended up making you have to do all of this...
【Experienced Cast Member B】We didn't like the way this park was changing and knew that everyone else felt the same way.
【Experienced Cast Members】But we just hid behind how it was just being what the higher ups decided and not knowing how else to get more guests into this park...
【Experienced Cast Members】Right. That includes the time when we heard about what would happen to the Wonder Stage. Even though we knew how much your grandfather loved it...
【Emu】...
【Experienced Cast Member A】Then, just after everyone from the Wonder Stage came to talk to us, Poochie was right behind them.
【Emu】You mean Mr. Mascot...?
【Experienced Cast Member B】Yes. He told us that you, Emu, decided to fight back against what your family was doing for the sake of Phoenix Wonderland.
【Experienced Cast Member A】Not only were you fighting these changes, you were coming up with other ways of saving this park...
【Experienced Cast Member A】And that's why we're here now...
【Emu】Mr. Mascot...
【Experienced Cast Member A】We feel ashamed of not acting sooner...
【Experienced Cast Member B】But we still want to do everything we can to save the Phoenix Wonderland we know and love!
【Experienced Cast Members】Please, Emu! Give us another chance!
【Emu】You guys...! *Sob*...
【Nene】Buck up, Emu...
【Emu】Right...!
【Emu】Thank you so much! We'll be happy to have you!!
【Emu】Let's make this show the biggest, bestest thing ever, and show my brothers and my dad exactly how we feel!
【Emu】And let's make it so that everyone who comes and visits go home with extra big smiles!
【Experienced Cast Members】Yeah!
【Emu】Thank goodness...
【Nene】Huh?
【Emu】I'm not the only one that doesn't want this park to change. It felt like I was just being selfish for the longest time...
【Emu】I'm so glad that I'm not alone. I'm so glad they feel the same way.
【Nene】Me too...
【Emu】Hehe. I'm glad I didn't give up either. I'm glad I asked you guys you help me!
【Nene】Again, me too! Let's make sure this show succeeds!
【Emu】Yeah! It's gonna be a really, really extra huge success!
【Emu】(I hope you're watching, grandpa!)
【Emu】(Our Smiling Spell is gonna be so amazing!)
[Sound] bgm00000
