【Otori Emu — Time For A Strategy Meeting!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: Time For A Strategy Meeting!（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 014003_emu02

[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Emu】We haven't visited Miku in such a long time!
【Tsukasa】Yes. We've been too busy making preparations for our own performances lately to drop by.
【Tsukasa】But they've helped us out a lot, so it's only right that we update them properly on what's been happening lately!
【Emu】I wonder how everyone's doing? And where are they, anyway?
【Tsukasa】Probably near the stage? Let's go look for...hm?
【Miku Costume】Hello.
【Emu】Ah! It's a Miku mascot costume! And it's so cute!
【Tsukasa】That costume... Miku, you're inside, right? You scared me the other day, but I won't fall for the same antic twice!
【Tsukasa】Take off that costume and come on out, Miku!
【Miku】I'm over here☆
【Tsukasa】Nowaaargh?!
【Emu】Wow, wow! Hi, Miku! Huh? Then who's in the mascot costume?
[Sound] se00055
【KAITO】Hehe, sorry for the scare. It was me!
【KAITO】You should never disappoint your guests by surprising them with the same trick twice.
【Emu】It's KAITO! Hi, KAITO!
【KAITO】Hello. It's been a while, hasn't it?
【Tsukasa】Ugh, I can't believe I fell for it hook, line, and sinker...
【Tsukasa】But it's good to see you again after so long, Miku, KAITO.
【Miku】Hehe, same here!
【Emu】Long time no see, Miku! Okay, so, the four of us have been performing on stage together after that day!
【Miku】Nice!
【Emu】And we included the song we sang here in our shows too!
【Emu】We put the song into the jingle-jangle part of the ending so it's now more of a ba-ba-ba-bam! instead. And everyone in the audience went like Whoa... when they saw that!
【Emu】Our show was a huge success!
【Miku】I can see why! Congrats!
【KAITO】Um... I'm sorry, but what did she just say?
【Tsukasa】By replacing the usual BGM in the last part of the program with a song, we were able to allow the audience to bask in the afterglow of the performance for a longer time.
【Tsukasa】And the audience gave us a standing ovation for that. That's probably what she meant. A very big probably.
【KAITO】Oh, I get it now...
【Miku】We tried to do a lalalalaaa the other day for our performance too♪
【Miku】And then everyone was like buzz-buzz-WHEE! and that made the whole thing super fun☆
【Emu】That's so nice! I wish I could've been there too!
【Tsukasa】And what is SHE saying?
【KAITO】Well, we sang together with the audience in the last show.
【KAITO】Everyone loved it and had a real blast because of that... Or at least, that's what I think she was trying to say.
【Tsukasa】Yes, clearly... How can you even tell?!
【KAITO】Looks like we both need to work on our communication...
【Miku】By the way! We're gonna have a show later! Do you wanna join us?
【Tsukasa】Wuh?!
【Emu】Wh-What did you say?! To be able to perform on the same stage as Miku herself is an honor beyond comprehension!
【Emu】That was what Tsukasa actually wanted to say!
【Tsukasa】Hey, don't just dub over me like that!
【Emu】So says Tsukasa as his heart swells with happy anticipation.
【Tsukasa】Switching to a narrative voice doesn't make it more okay!
【Tsukasa】Good gracious... Well, if we're doing this, we might as well ask Rui and Nene to join us too.
【Emu】Yup yup! Let's all join in the fun together☆
[Sound] bgm00000
