【Hinomori Shizuku — I'm Not Just Anyone, I'm "Me"〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hinomori Shizuku
Card: I'm Not Just Anyone, I'm "Me"（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: My Color!
scenarioId: 008006_shizuku01

[Background Change] bg_a001002
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Shizuku】Phew...
【Airi】You're looking a lot better than when I talked to you in the classroom.
【Shizuku】Hehe. Thanks to you, Airi.
【Shizuku】After all the things you told me, I was finally able to figure out what kind of person I want to be.
【Shizuku】I'm still not sure how the fans are going to feel about my decision...
【Shizuku】But I'm still going to try!
【Airi】Yeah! That's the spirit!
【Airi】The first step is to show everyone your determination. And even if something happens, just remember that we're here with you!
【Shizuku】Right. Thank you...
【Shizuku】...
【Airi】Hm? What's with the grin?
【Shizuku】I was just thinking about how you always manage to cheer me up.
【Airi】I do?
【Shizuku】Yes. Ever since we first met.
【Shizuku】Do you remember when we were both still idols in training? I was feeling down because of all the rumors about me, but you were always willing to talk to me...
【Airi】I was just trying to encourage you to keep going.
【Airi】You're the one that won the entire audition and I didn't want you moping around just because of some dumb rumors.
【Shizuku】Right. I was still new to everything back then, having a hard time with the dance routines and causing problems for the other girls.
【Shizuku】I was so upset with myself that I cried a lot for not being able to do anything right.
【Shizuku】When I decided to stay behind to keep practicing on my own, you'd come up and yell, No, not like that!
【Airi】...
【Shizuku】Then you'd stay and practice with me.
【Airi】I guess we did do that too, huh?
【Shizuku】You even did the same thing when I decided to quit.
【Shizuku】You got so mad that you rushed into the Cheerful * Days theatre on your own.
【Airi】Uh... Can we just forget about that?
【Shizuku】Hehe. I don't think I'll ever forget that.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001301
[Sound] bgm00039
【Airi】I hate the fact that I know exactly how you feel...
【Airi】That's right! I was just as jealous as you are! Jealous of Shizuku's looks and the fact that she was so special!
【Airi】I admit I was upset that she was always chosen over me no matter how much effort I put in!
【Airi】But... Open your eyes!
【Airi】Shizuku never once took advantage of her position! She always put in the effort to live up to everyone's expectations of her.
【Airi】She continued trying to give hope to her fans. That's why she's so popular. That's why she was chosen as lead!
【Airi】All we did was start sulking in our own jealousy. She's nothing like us!
[Background Change] bg_a001002
【Shizuku】I'm never ever forgetting what happened that day...
【Shizuku】Also, it also made me realize something...
【Airi】Hm?
【Shizuku】You weren't seeing me as Shizuku Hinomori of Cheerful * Days, but you saw me for who I was.
【Shizuku】I think that was what made me the happiest.
【Airi】Shizuku...
【Airi】It's a little late to confess now, but I was always a fan of yours...
【Airi】No, was is the wrong word. I still am your fan.
【Shizuku】Huh?
【Airi】I've been you work so hard since the very beginning. I was actually really proud when you finally made your debut.
【Airi】Of course, I was irritated at the same time that you got so far ahead of me.
【Airi】But I really was happy to see all of your hard work slowly start to pay off.
【Airi】So keep working hard, okay?! As much for the fans as for yourself.
【Shizuku】Airi...
【Airi】Oh. But don't worry. We're all in this together!
【Shizuku】Right. You, me, Haruka and Minori... The four of us together are MORE MORE JUMP!
【Airi】That's right!
【Shizuku】This time, let's make sure to become the idols we want to be.
【Shizuku】The kind of idols who are able to give everyone around them hope for tomorrow!
【Airi】Of course! That's what MORE MORE JUMP! is all about!
【Shizuku】Right! Shall we make a pinky promise?
【Airi】Hehe. Pinky promise? Are we back in elementary school now?
【Airi】Well, if you insist...
【Shizuku】Okay, here goes. Pinky promise...!
[Sound] bgm00000
