【Hinomori Shizuku — Completion Report!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hinomori Shizuku
Card: Completion Report!（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Tied By Painful Hope
scenarioId: 008016_shizuku01

[Background Change] bg_a001002
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Shizuku】Okay, see you tomorrow.
[Sound] se00171
【Airi】I'm glad Miku and the others liked our outfits so much.
【Shizuku】Me too. It was nice to hear them say they were cute since our thoughts and feelings are essentially a part of them.
【Shizuku】Oh, also... Would it be alright if I told Mizuki that our outfits are all done?
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a001101
【Mizuki】You want to talk about what materials to use for your stage outfits?
【Shizuku】Yes. I'd like to take a look at as many options as I can and choose the ones that fit our needs best.
【Shizuku】You mentioned before that you like doing collages, so I have a feeling you know quite a lot about these things.
【Mizuki】Like you said, there's a lot. So many that I'd really rather have you look at images of some of them to get a better idea...
[Sound] se00055
【Mizuki】But first... Here! I brought all the flowery lace stuff I could find at home!
【Mizuki】They really come in all shapes and sizes. Fine doesn't even begin to describe how detailed some of these patterns are!
【Shizuku】Hehe. It's like you're a professional having all this lace in your possession.
【Mizuki】Haha! Sometimes I really wonder if I could actually open my own store.
[Background Change] bg_a001002
【Shizuku】I was able to get a clear idea of our outfits because Mizuki was nice enough to show me all these different materials and such.
【Shizuku】That's why I'd like to give my thanks while presenting the finished product...
【Airi】Yeah, sounds good!
【Airi】It's been a while since I last saw Mizuki, so why don't we three meet up somewhere?
【Shizuku】Really?!
【Shizuku】Okay, I'll ask Mizuki to see when would be a good time♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001401
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] Cafe
[Sound] se00006
【Shizuku】Oh, Mizuki, welcome!
【Mizuki】Hey, thanks for having me♪
【Airi】This isn't your house, Shizuku. Also, Mizuki, you don't need to play along.
【Mizuki】Haha! Sorry, I couldn't help it...
【Mizuki】So, your outfits are all done?
【Shizuku】Yes. I wanted to show them to you since you were such a tremendous help.
【Mizuki】Thanks! I've been wondering how they turned out, so it's kinda been on my mind for a while now♪
【Airi】Hehe. Alright, why don't we do our big reveal? Here's a picture of our outfits.
【Mizuki】Whoa...! Th-They look amazing! You guys are gonna look so awesome on stage!
【Mizuki】I mean, look at the frills on the hem and how fluffy they made the skirt! It's gonna look so gorgeous as it floats each time you move...!
【Mizuki】Hang on! And the accessories on the bust! How can anyone sew on decorations with this much detail?!
【Mizuki】At minimum, these outfits count as being divine!
【Shizuku】That's the thing! I couldn't believe it when I saw them for the first time either.
【Airi】We'll need to thank everyone for putting so much thought into making them.
【Mizuki】Yeah, definitely!
【Mizuki】*Sigh* Your own feelings and your fans' love for their favorite idols are a huge part of these, huh, Shizuku?
【Mizuki】This is so exciting! These are movingly good! I can't wait to see all of you wearing these!
【Shizuku】Hehe. We can't wait to do a show while wearing these too.
【Mizuki】Whoa! Does that mean your second real-life show's already in the works?
【Airi】Yes. We've been thinking about taking this opportunity to sing a brand-new song.
【Mizuki】A new song?!
【Mizuki】Hold up. Does that mean...? A MORE MORE JUMP! original?
【Airi】That's right. We even got a request from someone saying that they want to write one for us.
【Shizuku】And we'll be meeting with them soon to discuss it.
【Mizuki】Cool! I'm glad things are going so smoothly♪
【Mizuki】And that's so great... You already found someone to write it for you.
【Mizuki】(Hmm... Let's say Kanade knew how to compose music for idols. Would this have been our chance to collaborate with them?)
【Mizuki】Anyway, I'm sure you have high expectations for this person you're meeting.
【Mizuki】I really hope they're nice and able to create music that brings out all of your unique qualities to the forefront! That'd be the best!
【Shizuku】Yes, I'd like that as well. I'm really looking forward to meeting them.
[Sound] bgm00000
