【Kiritani Haruka — Expressing "Who We Are"〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Expressing "Who We Are"（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Cast a Spell on You
scenarioId: 006016_haruka02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Miku】Oh, there you all are! Welcome♪
【Rin】Welcome♪
【Haruka】Hello.
【Airi】Perfect. We were hoping to discuss something with all of you.
【Miku】Discuss?
【Haruka】Yes, the thing is...
【Miku】That's great, Shizuku! They picked your design!
【KAITO】Congratulations, Shizuku.
【Rin】We were so worried if you'd be able to design what you were hoping for, but we're glad you found the answer!
【Shizuku】So am I. Thank you for giving me such wonderful advice that time.
【Miku】Hehe. You're very welcome.
【Minori】What advice?
【Shizuku】I came here to ask what kind of outfit I should design when I still wasn't sure what to do.
【Shizuku】Miku and the others were kind enough to give me some wonderful hints.
【Haruka】I had no idea.
【Miku】To be fair, all we really did was listen to your story. You're the one who ultimately found the answer.
【KAITO】She's right. So, how are your actual outfits coming along?
【Airi】We're still working out the details. Shizuku's been taking care of deciding what fabric and materials to use.
【Shizuku】We're also asking to see which of our fans would like to help us make them.
【Rin】Oh, I hope you get a lot of offers!
【Minori】We've actually gotten a lot already! Some even seem to be adept tailors and dressmakers in their own right!
【Rin】Wait, really?!
【Haruka】Yes, really. They've sent us some of their past works to show us what they can do.
【Haruka】The photos of the figure skating outfits and wedding dresses probably surprised us the most.
【KAITO】Wow... It sounds like some of your fans are incredible people.
【Miku】Are they professionals by any chance?
【Shizuku】No, they said that it's just a hobby and that they made these for their friends and family.
【Miku】That's amazing...!
【Rin】I... I don't believe it...!
【Rin】That means your outfit's gonna look absolutely incredible if you have these people working on your side!
【Shizuku】Yes, I've been getting excited just thinking that we get to work with such talented people.
【KAITO】That's great. You get another chance to create something together with your fans.
【Haruka】Yes, we do.
【Haruka】I was worried about showing our fans what goes on behind the scenes during our event the other day...
【Haruka】But you were right in the end, KAITO.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Haruka】Idols are able to spread hope to everyone involved in a show, not just the audience.
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b002002
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Haruka】Even when I was in ASRUN, I felt that our fans were the ones keeping us propped up...
[Sound] bgm00039
【Haruka】And I was reminded of just how important our fans are to us.
【Haruka】As we try to spread hope to them, we receive some of their energy as they cheer for us...
【Haruka】They're the ones who keep us on stage.
【KAITO】The relationship between idols and their fans is such a beautiful thing.
【Rin】Yeah, it is♪ Not only that, you girls built your event from the ground up with your fans and made it a huge success!
【Miku】She's right. You all came together to make it a reality...
【Miku】That means you might be able to do something truly special together someday♪
【Minori】S-Something truly special?!
【Airi】Haha. I hope that ends up being a big event in real life.
【Shizuku】Yes, me too!
【Haruka】(I still don't know if the way we've been doing things is the right answer or not.)
【Haruka】(If anything, I feel like we're being spoiled a little by our fans' passion.)
【Haruka】(However...)
【Haruka】(I want to keep being “an idol who can spread hope to everyone”. I never want to lose that spark again.)
【Haruka】(I have to keep giving back to them. I can't let the energy they've given me go to waste...)
【Haruka】(I have to keep doing everything I can.)
[Sound] bgm00000
