【Azusawa Kohane — I'll Protect You〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: I'll Protect You（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Screaming?! Welcome to the Forest of Wolves!
scenarioId: 009021_kohane02

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【Kohane】...and the night festival was really fun because I got to watch my friend's band play alongside my classmates!
【MEIKO】Hehe. I see. It sounds like the School Festival turned out to be quite an event.
【MEIKO】Still... Not being able to take that wolf's head off must've been terrible. I'm glad you didn't get hurt during all that.
【Kohane】Me too. I was fine in the end... But I sort of caused a lot of people a lot of trouble.
【An】That wasn't your fault, Kohane! It was my fault for getting scared and running away.
【Akito】True.
【An】Guh... Hey... You could try to cheer me up a little, you know?
【Akito】I mean, what you said is actually true. Why do I need to say otherwise?
【Kohane】*Sob* I'm so sorry, An. I really didn't mean to scare you like that.
【Kohane】I also need to apologize to you too, Shinonome, Aoyagi. I'm sorry for leaving you two behind that time...
【Toya】Don't worry about it. We honestly didn't have any idea what was going on then, so there was no way either of us could've stopped either of you.
【Toya】Akito even said how he probably would've been able to help a little if you didn't look like a dog...
【Akito】A-Ahem!
【Akito】Anyway, we can't change what happened. So, it's fine.
【Kohane】Okay... Thanks, you two!
【MEIKO】Hehe.
【MEIKO】So, what did you two do while Kohane chased after An?
【An】That's a good question...!
【Akito】We started looking for you two since neither of you would pick up your phones.
【An】Oh, right... You guys did call us a bunch of times...
【Kohane】S-Sorry. I really had no idea...
【MEIKO】You didn't notice even when Rin was there with you? You must've been desperate to find An.
【Akito】To be fair, even if you did pick up, you probably weren't in a state to hold an intelligible conversation...
【Akito】Anyway, we wandered around your school looking for the two of you.
【Toya】That was when we ran into Momoi and Hinomori.
【Kohane】You did?
【Toya】Yes. We found them in the courtyard advertising what their class was doing.
【Toya】After speaking to them, we decided to have some of what they were offering.
【An】Wait, what did they make...?
【Kohane】Lookalike sweets. Minori, Shiho and I went over on the first day and tried a lot of different things.
【MEIKO】Lookalike sweets...? That sounds interesting. Care to explain further?
【Toya】They had some that looked like sushi but it was really chocolate. There was also a steak that was actually bread.
【Akito】They also had pot sticker cookies too.
【Toya】Yes, I felt so confused while eating them.
【Akito】My eyes saw a pot sticker, but my tongue was telling me that it was a cookie.
【MEIKO】I can see why your brain would've been so confused.
【MEIKO】Still, I'm really glad that you were both able to enjoy the festival together.
【Toya】Me too. After that, we wandered around searching for Azusawa and Shiraishi while soaking in the atmosphere.
【Akito】And we had another look around after meeting back up.
【An】You're kidding, right?! So we didn't need to feel that sorry after all?!
【Kohane】A-An...
【Toya】Didn't I say not to worry?
【MEIKO】By the way, did you take any pictures? I'd like to see what it was like if possible.
【Akito】Oh, Kohane took tons.
【Kohane】Yes, I did! Where would you like to start?
【MEIKO】Well... Why don't we start with what this zombie wolf An ran from looked like?
【MEIKO】I'd like to see just how scary it was.
【An】B-Brace yourself, MEIKO! It's super duper scary!
【Kohane】Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
