【Hoshino Ichika — Happy Birthday!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hoshino Ichika
Card: Happy Birthday!（BD）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 001018_ichika02

[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Ichika】(I'm all set to go, so I think I'll get started.)
【Minori】There she is! Ichika!
【Ichika】Minori, Kiritani! Wait, Saki and... You all came?
【Saki】Hehe. We were hoping to be able to catch your street performance, Ichi!
【Shiho】Same. We're looking forward to seeing what you have in store for us.
【Ichika】Haha. I'm starting to get a bit nervous...
【Honami】Hehe. I'm sure you'll do fine, Ichika. Just sing the way you always do.
【Ichika】(Hm? I could've sworn that I saw Kohane just now... Or am I imagining things?)
【Ichika】Alright, I'll get started.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori & Saki】Woohoo!
[Sound] se00022
[Sound] se00022
【Ichika】Thank you very much!
[Sound] se00022
[Sound] se00022
【Ichika】Um, so... How was it? Did you all enjoy it?
[Sound] bgm00024
【Haruka】Yes, it was very enjoyable. I even got to hear you play some originals that you said you and your band made.
【Minori】Yeah, I was so moved by those songs!
【Saki】Me too! Even though we wrote it ourselves, I couldn't believe how different it felt when it was just one person playing it!
【Honami】Oh, I felt the same way. It was like my heart was being gently wrapped in loving warmth...
【Shiho】Yeah. I especially liked how you made it easy for your audience to really soak in the music.
【Ichika】*Gasp* I'm so happy to hear that! I can't even begin to thank you all for...
【???】Not so fast!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Ichika】That voice...
[Sound] se00064
【Ichika】Huh?! What are all of you guys doing here?
【???】Don't forget us.
[Sound] se00143
【Ichika】Shizuku?! Momoi?!
【Shizuku】Hehe. We received word from Minori and Kohane that you'd be doing a street performance today.
[Sound] bgm00006
【Tsukasa】We were told by Saki and felt that we had no choice but to rush over!
【Emu】Sorry we couldn't celebrate with you yesterday, Ichika. We had to put on a show and couldn't make it to school because of it...
【Nene】But we figured that we could celebrate with you today... Which is why we're all here...
【Nene】So, um... Happy birthday, Hoshino.
【Tsukasa】Happy birthday, Ichika!
【Emu】Yup yup! We wish you a happy and wonderhoy birthday!
【Shizuku】We'd like to as well. Happy birthday, Ichika.
【Airi】Happy birthday!
【Ichika】Thank you...! Thank you all so much!
【Kohane】Thank goodness our surprise went okay.
【Nene】Yeah. Also, thanks for letting me know...
【Kohane】Hehe. It was my pleasure!
【Minori】If only Kanade and Ena were able to join us. Then everything would've been perfect...
【Ichika】Huh? Did you invite them too?
【Minori】Yeah, but Ena said that she had a prior commitment today.
【Minori】As for Kanade, I'm not sure if she's even seen my message...
【Ichika】I'm guessing she's hard at work composing more music.
【Honami】Right. She may be taking a nap at this time too.
【Minori】Oh, right...! But! I'm sure she would've come if she saw my message!
【Ichika】I appreciate what you did, Minori...
【Ichika】You as well, Kohane, Saki. Thank you for going through all this trouble for me. I really appreciate it.
【Saki & Kohane】You're very welcome!
【Emu】I really feel like singing now♪ Oh, let's all sing together!
【Tsukasa】Hold on, Emu. If we do that, we'll cause a panic which will surely lead to a mob of people trampling over one another to listen to our beautiful voices, no?
【Nene】Where does that confidence of yours come from exactly...?
【Minori】Oh no! Ichika, I should've recorded your street performance on my phone for Kanade and Ena!!
【Haruka】I took a video as per Airi's request.
【Airi】Yeah, Ena seemed a little bummed out after inviting her and not being able to join us. I hope it'll help cheer her up.
【Shizuku】That's so sweet of you, Airi. Let's make sure to send it to Ena and the others later.
【Shiho】Kohane, thanks for helping out with Saki's surprise.
【Kohane】No, that's okay. I had a lot of fun since I also wanted to do something to celebrate Ichika's birthday!
【Honami】Also, I'm glad that the rain stopped. The weather forecast said that it'd be raining the entire day.
【Saki】That must mean the growling weather charms we made based on Shibao must've worked.
[Sound] bgm00006
【Ichika】(They all gathered here just for me...)
【Ichika】(Even though the world looked so dull and gray while feeling so lonely every day just after entering high school...)
【Ichika】(But now...)
【Emu】Oh, everyone, over there! Look at the sky!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Nene】Huh? The sky?
【Ichika】Oh...
[Background Change] bg_a003701
[Sound] bgm00099
[Sound] bgm00099
【Saki】Wow, it's a rainbow! It's kinda far away but you can still see it!
【Ichika】Yeah, it's beautiful...
【Ichika】(Just so beautiful...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000103
[Sound] bgm00097
【Ena】Happy birthday, Ichika. I saw that video of your street performance. You were so amazing.
【Ena】Let me know when you plan on doing another one. I really want to see you perform live. Also, exercising. Kanade in particular seems to need a workout partner to get motivated.
【Kanade】Y-You didn't have to say it out loud...
【Kanade】Um... Happy birthday, Hoshino. I apologize for not seeing that message sooner...
【Kanade】But Ena showed me that video of your performance. I really enjoyed listening to your original music, so I'll make an effort to see you live next time.
【Mafuyu】Happy birthday, Hoshino. Kanade and Ena surprised me by saying that today's your special day. I wish I'd known sooner. It would've been so nice to celebrate...
【Mafuyu】But we can do that with Kanade and Ena next time! For now, have a wonderful birthday!
【Emu】Once more, Ichika, happy birthday!
【Emu】Hehe. I know it's your special day, but I think we all had lots and lots of fun☆
【Kohane】Yeah. I really enjoyed getting a hold of Nene and the others in secret and leading them around while we hid during your performance, Ichika.
【Tsukasa】And you put on an excellent performance. Your singing voice was so good that even I felt somewhat envious at times!
【Tsukasa】I've known you since you were little, and you used to be a bit rash or hasty back then... To think that you'd blossom like this...
【Nene】Why are you talking like you're some distant uncle of hers? Also, give me a chance to talk. Gimme that!
【Nene】So... I'm glad to see that you've been practicing so much. You even fixed the part that we talked about the other day...
【Nene】And you're really making it clear how you feel through your singing. I hope you keep this up, and... I hope we get to practice together again soon.
【Kohane】Oh, I'd like to join you guys for that. It's never not fun when we practice together and I always end up learning so much.
【Tsukasa】Yes, pushing each other to reach higher ground. Such is the beauty of youth. Ichika, I hope you, Saki and the others all have fun!
【Minori】Hehe. We got to spend two days celebrating your birthday! I've gotta think we, the party planners, also had a lot of fun!
【Haruka】I agree. You seemed to really enjoy everything, Hoshino, so I'm glad we did this.
【Shizuku】Ichika, you're always looking out for Shii's best interests, so I hope you two keep being the wonderful friends you are.
【Airi】I mean, as long as the four of them are together, I'm sure they'll be able to overcome whatever obstacles that come their way.
【Shizuku】Yes, I agree.
【Haruka】See you at school, Hoshino!
【Shiho】Happy birthday, Ichika. I don't know if you remember, but the time you said, “You're not a burden,” made me so happy...
【Shiho】We have a long road ahead of us when it comes to making our dream a reality, but you have my complete trust. I'm looking forward to seeing what the future has in store for us...
【Honami】Happy birthday, Ichika. Since we were little, I've always admired how you can focus on doing one thing after you've set your mind to it.
【Honami】Which is why I want to be just like you and keep doing whatever I can for our band. Hehe. I'll be right there with you.
【Saki】Ichi! Happy, happy, happy birthday!
【Saki】So... U-Uh oh... I forgot what I was going to say! I had so many things prepared!
【Saki】I was gonna say something about school, about studying, about club stuff and work stuff, about our band! Everything!
【Saki】But I have to thank you for all of the above! I'm standing here today because you've always been there for me!
【Saki】Hehe. Let's be besties forever and ever until we're both old and gray♪
[Background Change] bg_f000101
【Ichika】So many people joined me to celebrate my birthday.
【Ichika】I don't want your kindness to go to waste, so I'll have to do my best to move forward and make real progress.
【Ichika】Because I believe that showing you how I grow along the way is the best way to show my appreciation for you.
【Ichika】I have to do everything I can to make Leo/need a much better band, and I personally have to figure out a way to become a better songwriter.
【Ichika】Especially since I want to give Miku a good song to sing someday...
【Ichika】Anyway, I'll see you later. Thank you so much for today!
[Sound] bgm00000
