【Momoi Airi — Card Story】

Character: Momoi Airi
Episodes: 90

[Background Change] bg_a001001
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Middle School Student A】Excuse me!
【Middle School Student B】Are you Airi Momoi?!
【Airi】Yes?
【Middle School Student A】I knew it! Um, could you shake hands with me, please?!
【Airi】I'm sorry, but I'm no longer... Oh!
【Airi】Is that keychain on your bag...?
【Middle School Student A】Yes! We bought it when we went to your show last year!
【Middle School Student B】We're huge fans of yours, so we both got the same keychain but in different colors!
【Airi】(I see. They don't see me as a variety show talent, but a proper idol...)
【Airi】I guess it can't be helped. Specially for you, okay?
【Middle School Student A & B】Thank you!
【Airi】No, thank YOU for your support!
【Middle School Student A】By the way, you're in Miyamasuzaka Girls, the same school that Shizuku from Cheerful * Days is also attending, right?
【Airi】Yes, but why do you ask?
【Middle School Student B】Then that was definitely Shizuku just now.
【Airi】Wait, you met Shizuku too?
【Middle School Student B】No, we just caught sight of her. The situation didn't seem too good so we didn't call out to her... I hope everything's okay now.
【Airi】Hey, can you tell me what happened?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000301
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] Kamiyama Street
【Airi】They said it was around here... Ah! There she is!
【Girl】Ugh... Waaaaaah haah!
【Shizuku】Um... It's okay. Where's your mommy?
【Shizuku】I don't think I'm doing this right... How can I get her to stop crying?
【Airi】What are you doing, Shizuku?!
【Shizuku】Airi! Well, this little girl was crying, so I...
【Airi】I can see that. Nevermind, let me handle this.
【Airi】There, there. Why are you crying? Did something scary happen?
【Airi】Don't worry, we'll help you! But you need to calm down first and tell us what happened, okay?
【Shizuku】(Ah... She's slowly calming down from the bawling...)
【Airi】Right, you got lost, huh? And you've been trying hard to handle it all by yourself. But you'll be fine now with us!
【Shizuku】(Oh, thank goodness... She stopped crying.)
【Airi】I know! How about I sing a happy song for you?
【Airi】Here goes!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Girl】I saw that song on TV before!
【Girl】Huh? I've seen you and the other lady on TV before too.
【Airi】Well, we often sing this song on music programs... Oh!
【Airi】Hey, look. That woman's running towards us.
【Shizuku】Maybe she's...
【Girl】Mommy!
【Mom】Thank goodness! I was looking all over for you!
【Mom】I'm sorry for the trouble my child was causing... Huh? A-Aren't you both idols?
【Airi】(Yeah, it's really obvious if we don't disguise ourselves.)
【Airi】Yes, that's us. But please don't worry about it. We couldn't ignore a crying child, that's all.
【Mom】I'm really grateful that you helped my daughter out. Come on, say thank you too.
【Girl】Thank you, idol ladies! And bye bye!
【Airi】Bye bye!
【Shizuku】Bye bye...
【Airi】Phew, at any rate, I'm just glad she found her mother.
【Shizuku】You're amazing, Airi. I wasn't able to do anything at all.
【Airi】Well, I'm quite used to dealing with kids since I have a younger sister.
【Airi】Wait, you have a younger sister too. You've never had to comfort her before?
【Shizuku】She's only one year younger, so I've actually not seen her cry before.
【Shizuku】She's strong...unlike me.
【Airi】Huh? Did you say something?
【Shizuku】No, it's nothing.
【Airi】Hm...
【Airi】Anyway, didn't you have a job today?
【Shizuku】Ah, right. I have to go now. I'll see you tomorrow.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】See you tomorrow.
【Airi】Sigh...
【Airi】You stick to it, Shizuku. Especially since you're being allowed to do proper idol activities...
[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D
【Airi】Okay, substitute the X here with a 3, and then...
【Airi】(Ugh, this practical exercise is so hard...)
【Shizuku】...
【Airi】(What? Her pen's on the table? Does that mean she's already solved the question?!)
【Airi】(I need to hurry up!)
【Teacher】Okay, for this question... Momoi. Come out and solve it for us.
【Airi】O-Okay!
[Sound] se00005
[Caption] After class
【Airi】Phew... I'm glad I got it right even though I wasn't sure!
【Airi】(Did Shizuku solve that question too?)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00015
【Airi】Hey, what's this?!
【Shizuku】Hm? What's what?
【Airi】You've only written down the questions in your notebook!
【Airi】Doesn't look like you've solved any of them or written down any of the answers on the blackboard either!
【Shizuku】Well, I didn't really understand the questions, so...
【Airi】Look, even if you didn't understand, you should've at least copied down what was on the blackboard! How are you going to review the exercises now?
【Shizuku】Ah, you're right. I should... Oh. They've been erased.
【Airi】Oh, you... Here, take my notebook and copy what I have. Hurry up.
【Shizuku】Are you sure?
【Airi】I'm giving it to you because I am, duh!
【Shizuku】Thank you!
【Airi】Yeah, yeah, just copy it quickly.
【Shizuku】I will! Um...
【Airi】Hm?
【Shizuku】This becomes this...because of this?
【Airi】Why do you keep stopping? Just copy what you see!
【Shizuku】But it won't be proper studying if I don't understand why this formula is being used here.
【Airi】That's just so like you, I guess...
【Shizuku】This one becomes like this... Hm?
【Shizuku】Huh? Maybe it's wrong?
【Airi】Seriously! This is annoying!
【Shizuku】Airi?
【Airi】The correct way is to apply this to this part here.
【Airi】Then calculate it like this and you'll get the answer.
【Shizuku】Oh, I see... So that's how to make it work!
【Airi】Understand now? Then finish copying the rest of the questions quickly!
【Shizuku】Okay! Apply this here...
【Airi】Hm...
【Shizuku】And then use this on...huh?
【Airi】...
【Shizuku】...
【Airi】Sigh... Fine, I get it. I'll teach you, so stop staring at me with those puppy eyes.
【Shizuku】What? I had puppy eyes?
【Airi】That's what I saw! Anyway, here, stare at this notebook if you have to stare at something!
【Airi】You're really such a handful.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Caption] Shopping Mall
【Airi】Hehe! A new issue of the major idol mag I've been waiting for is coming out today! But first...
【Airi】This magazine has a feature on newcomer idols. That's going on my reading list too.
【Airi】Oh, hold on... But this one comes with a neat poster featuring high school idols in casual clothing...
【Airi】The solution to this difficult choice is to...buy both!
【???】Um... Airi?
【Airi】Huh? Are you one of my fans? Don't be shy, if you want a handshake or a photo of me, you can just ask...
【Airi】Hey, it's just you!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】Phew, I didn't mistake someone else for you. Airi, you look different today. I didn't immediately recognize you.
[Sound] bgm00015
【Airi】I wear a disguise so that I don't attract unwanted attention!
【Airi】Why aren't you in disguise?
【Shizuku】Do I need it?
【Airi】Sure you do! Especially with your height, people's eyes are naturally drawn to you...
【Customer】Look, doesn't that girl look familiar?
【Customer】Huh, is that Shizuku Hinomori? I can't believe it!
【Airi】(There it starts. People have noticed her!)
【Airi】Uh, at least stick your head in a magazine and pretend you're reading...
【Shizuku】Aw, this title brings back memories.
【Shizuku】They sometimes published articles about us when we were still rookies, remember?
【Airi】How could I forget. But it was you who got us in the spotlight...
【Airi】Forget that! Your face! Cover your face!
【Shizuku】Um, Airi...
【Airi】Not now, Shizuku. Cover your—
【Shizuku】Um, technically we're in a store, but it's still a bookstore, so maybe we should keep it down...
【Airi】And who do you think triggered me?!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Customer】I may be wrong, but isn't that Airi Momoi next to her?
【Airi】Oh no...
【Customer】Is that her? I used to really like her. Her reactions were very funny.
【Airi】(He thought I was funny?)
【Shizuku】Airi?
【Airi】Let's just go outside before we cause a scene at the store!
【Shizuku】But...weren't you buying magazines?
【Airi】I'll come back later. Shizuku, put these on for now.
【Shizuku】A hat and sunglasses? Are you letting me borrow them?
【Airi】I need you to keep a low profile, so yeah. Let's get out of here.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Airi】We should be safe here. No one followed us out.
【Airi】Shizuku, please make sure to wear at least a basic disguise when going out.
【Airi】You even blew my cover by talking to me.
【Shizuku】I'm sorry...
【Shizuku】I was so happy to see you, I spoke to you without thinking.
【Airi】Ugh...
【Airi】It's... It's okay, if you understand why it was wrong. And I don't mind getting my mags sometime later.
【Airi】I had nothing else planned for today, so I'm going to head back home.
【Shizuku】Airi, wait. I was going lipstick shopping. Would you like to come with me?
【Shizuku】You could help me choose a color that'd suit me.
【Airi】Sheesh, can't you pick it yourself?
【Shizuku】Does it mean...you're not coming?
【Airi】Now you're making me feel bad. Fine, I'll come! Count it as a favor!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D
【Airi】Hi, Shizuku.
【Shizuku】Good morning, Airi.
【Shizuku】Thank you for helping me choose a new lipstick. I'm loving the new color.
【Airi】Oh, that? Sure, glad I helped, and I bought one for myself too.
【Shizuku】By the way, I have something for you.
【Airi】For me? What is it?
【Shizuku】These are the magazines you were going to buy before I interrupted you at the bookstore, correct?
【Airi】What, you bought them for me?!
【Shizuku】I felt I owed you this, since you couldn't get them at the time because of me.
【Airi】You didn't need to...
【Airi】But well, since you already bought them. You can read them with me until the teacher comes.
【Shizuku】Is that okay?
【Airi】Why are you even asking me? You bought them.
【Shizuku】Hehe. Thanks!
【Airi】Both have interesting feature articles this month.
【Airi】This one's about newcomers to the idol scene. I really wanted to check out all these newbies.
【Airi】And here you have an article about high school idols, with a poster of them in casual clothes. That's the selling point: the rare sight of them dressed in their usual stuff.
【Shizuku】Hehe. I've got quite a bit of history with this magazine, too.
【Airi】Like when they did one on you when you were in training?
【Shizuku】Uh huh. We did a long photoshoot then.
【Airi】But it's this one that did more for your publicity.
【Shizuku】Are you sure?
【Airi】The other one published lots of your photos, that's true.
【Airi】But this one had proper feature-length articles about you and interviews.
【Shizuku】Now that you mentioned it, yes, that's right.
【Airi】Well, I mean, they also did visual campaigns, like the swimsuit shoot, since it's important to cater to the audience...
【Airi】But when you debuted in your group, they did a feature on you dressed casually, and had a poster series of you playing with cats.
【Airi】What, don't you remember?
【Shizuku】Hmm... I did something like that, didn't I...
【Airi】You only vaguely remember the legendary campaign which got you so many devoted fans?!
【Airi】They were even demanding to see it again. It was huge!
【Shizuku】Really? You're so well-informed.
【Airi】Of course I am! I've followed every single of your campaigns! I've trawled all the bookstores for magazines featuring you...
【Airi】Oh, uh...
【Shizuku】You did all that to support me?
【Airi】I... I wasn't! I was researching you for reference!
【Airi】I was reading about all sorts of stuff, like articles about groups which were expected to become big...
【Shizuku】That reminds me about what you said when I quit being an idol before...
【Shizuku】You said I had an aura about me, and that you couldn't bear for me to step down from the stage...
【Airi】Lalalalala! I can't hear you!
【Shizuku】You got terribly worked up about me quitting.
【Airi】I'm not listening! This conversation is over. OVER!
【Shizuku】Airi...
【Airi】Can you stop looking at me like I'm your loyal fan or something?!
【Shizuku】Hehehe...
【Airi】Stop giving me that look!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Airi】One, two, three, four... Minori! You're the only one not keeping up with the tempo!
【Minori】O-Okay!
【Airi】Watch Shizuku, Haruka, and myself carefully. The turn should be done at this timing!
【Airi】One more time from the top!
【Minori】Okay!
【Airi】Phew. This should do for today.
【Minori】Huff... Huff... You're just amazing, Airi...
【Minori】Your body doesn't shift around unnecessarily when you're dancing, and every move you make is so crisp...
【Airi】Hmph, of course!
【Minori】What did you think of my dancing?
【Airi】It wasn't too bad.
【Airi】Well, you still need more practice to get the finer details of your poses right, but...
【Airi】Keep this up and you'll be ready for our new song release!
【Minori】R-Really? Am I really doing okay?
【Airi】Why're you looking so unsure?
【Minori】Because this will be our first time singing live on TV, right? I get so nervous when I think about how I just can't make any mistakes...
【Airi】It doesn't matter if we're on TV or not. As long as we're performing on a stage, we can't afford to make mistakes. It's all or nothing.
【Minori】Ugh... Y-You're absolutely right...
【Airi】So stop feeling nervous and start thinking about the people who will be listening to our songs.
【Airi】You'd naturally be able to perform well by doing that.
【Minori】Got it!
【Shizuku】...
【Haruka】...
【Airi】Wh-What is it, you two? If you've got something to say, just spit it out!
【Minori】They must be feeling so moved by your great advice!
【Minori】Master! Please teach me more idol secrets!
【Airi】Idol secrets... Hmph. Very well.
【Airi】I'm the best person to ask about all things idol-related!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002201
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard
【Airi】Ah!
【Airi】Huh? Did I... Was that a dream?
[Sound] bgm00024
【Airi】(Oh, right... I fell asleep after having lunch...)
【Airi】(A dream about being in an idol group with Minori, Haruka, and Shizuku... What a dream that was.)
【Airi】Oh yeah! I was supposed to go watch Minori practice.
【Airi】(It was just a dream. I'm not an idol anymore. The only thing I can do now is support Minori.)
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[PlaceInfo] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Airi】Sorry I'm late.
【Minori】Ah, Momoi!
【Minori】Thank you for coming here again to help me today! I was just showing Hinomori my dance routine.
【Airi】I see.
【Minori】She taught me a few things, but they're all so difficult... Can you watch my dance routine too?
【Airi】...
【Airi】Very well. I'm really strict, though. I hope you have what it takes!
【Minori】I do!
【Airi】(I'm no longer an idol. What I saw in my dream will never happen, but...)
【Airi】(I'm allowed to help someone else with their dream, right?)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Airi】One, two, three, four... Minori! You were too slow at that part!
【Minori】O-Okay!
【Airi】Watch Shizuku, Haruka, and myself carefully. The turn should be done at...
【Airi】Huh?
【Airi】(Didn't I dream about this scene before?)
【Airi】(We'd formed an idol group and were practicing our dance routine for a TV performance of our new song...)
【Airi】(It's the same practice scene, but it's gonna take a while for us to reach the TV part in my dream.)
【Airi】(But the part about forming a group together did come true! So I'm sure the rest of the dream will also one day...)
【Shizuku】What's the matter, Airi?
【Airi】N-Nothing!
【Shizuku】Are you sure? You seemed quite pleased about something...
【Airi】I said it's nothing! Come on, let's practice again. We should do that part just now one more time.
【Minori】Okay!
【Haruka】Agreed.
【Shizuku】Yes.
【Airi】Okay, are you ready? One, two, three, four...
【Minori】Huh?
【Shizuku】Huh?
【Haruka】Stop. Minori and Shizuku, your steps were a little off.
【Minori】I-I'm so sorry! I'm really bad at this part...
【Shizuku】Me too. This part is quite hard. Is it...like this?
【Airi】Not quite. The choreography for this part should be like this!
【Minori】L-Like this?
【Shizuku】How was that?
【Airi】No, no! Oh, for goodness' sake...
【Haruka】We should practice separately. I'll teach Minori. Airi, you teach Shizuku.
【Airi】I guess that's for the best. Fine.
【Minori】Th-Thank you so much, Haruka!
【Shizuku】I'm sorry, Airi...
【Haruka】While we're at it, why don't we have a little competition? Let's see which pair gets the hang of it faster.
【Haruka】The losing pair has to buy juice for the winning pair. What do you think?
【Minori】Huh? Competition?
【Shizuku】Oh my...
【Airi】That's an interesting idea. It'll be good motivation for both the teacher and student.
【Haruka】Exactly. I used to have these little competitions with the other members of ASRUN, too, in the past.
【Haruka】Nobody likes to lose, so you'll learn a lot faster this way.
【Minori】Ugh... Something like collective responsibility, then? I-I have to buck up!
【Haruka】I'm counting on you, Minori.
【Minori】Yes! And I'm counting on you too, Haruka!
【Airi】Let's give this our best shot, Shizuku! As former idols, we can't let Minori beat us so easily!
【Shizuku】Yes, of course.
【Airi】You're too laid-back! Put some spirit into it!
【Airi】You have natural talent and look better on stage than anyone else, so get those dance moves right, you hear?
【Shizuku】Hehe...
【Airi】Hey, what's so funny?
【Shizuku】I'm sorry. I just remembered that you encouraged me like this too, when I was still an idol trainee.
【Shizuku】The people around would say looks were my only strength because I couldn't dance very well during practice.
【Shizuku】Whereas you would just scold me like you did just now. I was really happy you did...
【Airi】Th-That did happen... I've had to babysit you since such a long time ago, huh?
【Shizuku】Hehe. Thank you for always doing that, Airi.
【Airi】Heh...
【Airi】(Shizuku's not just about looks. She has the disposition and talent to become an amazing idol.)
【Airi】(And she puts in a lot of hard work to make that come true. That's why I viewed her as a rival I had to beat.)
【Airi】I'm the one getting pushed to become better by you.
【Shizuku】Huh? Did you just say something?
【Airi】Nope! Come on, let's start practicing now!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000801
[Caption] Airi's Room
[Sound] se00055
【Airi】Let's see, where's my notebook... I thought I put it inside this box. And the magazines should at the back of the bookshelf, I think?
【Airi】(I never thought the notes I kept from when I was still in QT would come in handy one day...)
【Airi】Huh? The magazines aren't on the bookshelf. But I definitely put them here... Or did I store them in a box too?
【Airi】Ugh... I don't even know where I put what anymore...!
【Airi】Looks like I just have to sort this all out.
【Airi】I'll start with this box and... Hey, this hairpiece is from one of our release events!
【Airi】And the autograph on this CD! It's the one I messed up during that event!
【Airi】(I was so nervous that I signed it wrong. Hehe, sure brings back memories...)
[Sound] se00055
【Airi】Hmm, and this box... Ah! The idol merch that I collected a long time ago!
【Airi】Which means, that CD should be somewhere around...
【Airi】Here!
【Airi】(Rainbow Garland... The CD by the first idol I became a fan of!)
【Airi】Phew... The autograph I got during the meet and greet is still in good shape too.
【Airi】(Hehe. I was a wild tomboy that got into fights every day back then, but I dressed up nicely just for that occasion.)
【Airi】(I desperately kept trying to catch a glimpse of them by standing on my toes as I stood in line with my CD in hand...)
【Airi】I was so nervous too... Oh, the nostalgia...
【Airi】Come to think of it, I sort of felt that same excitement when I saw Rin's show.
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Background Change] bg_b000801
【Airi】Hehe. Between Rin and this CD, it really feels like I'm ready to restart...!
【Airi】Let's do this!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] The next morning
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Airi】Morning!
【Airi】Oh, wait... It's still way too early, so of course the others aren't here yet.
【Airi】(Hehe. I brought Rainbow Garland along today.)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】I'll use it to do some warm-ups before the others get here.... And, play!
[Sound] bgm00056_01
【Airi】One, two, three, four... And turn...!
【Airi】(I did this routine so many times when I was in elementary school, my body still remembers it.)
[Sound] se00045
【Shizuku】Hm? Airi?
【Haruka】I heard music and thought someone might be here already. Have you already started practicing?
【Minori】W-Were you waiting that long...?!
【Airi】Nah, I just got here a second ago.
【Airi】I found an old CD while I was cleaning my room yesterday and was using some of its songs for warm-up.
【Haruka】Oh, I see...
【Minori】Wait, Airi...! This is Rainbow Garland, right?!
【Airi】Yeah! Wait, how did you know?
【Minori】Hehe. I really loved this song too♪
【Airi】Really?! The truth is, the idol who sang this song was the very first idol I became a fan of.
【Minori】Wow! So you really looked up to this idol!
【Airi】Well... They were more of a kick-starter as opposed to how much Haruka means to you, Minori.
【Airi】But because of this idol, I started to learn about and like a lot of other idols.
【Minori】I see!
【Airi】But yeah... If this idol never came into my life, I guess I wouldn't be here today...
【Haruka】Really?
【Airi】Yeah. I mean, when I was little, I was always picking fights with bullies in my neighborhood.
【Minori】F-Fights?!
【Shizuku】Oh, now that you mention it... You told me something like that before when you were just starting out.
【Shizuku】There was this boy who kept picking on Airi's little sister.
【Haruka】And that was why she kept getting into those fights. It's very you...
【Airi】Hehe. Just so you know, I never lost! Not even once!
【Minori】Haha, and that's so like you too!
【Shizuku】Say, Airi... I'd like to try dancing to that song too. Would you mind if I joined you?
【Airi】Huh? Uh, sure but... Why?
【Shizuku】Because it's full of fond memories for you.
【Airi】Shizuku...
【Haruka】Yeah. And trying to learn dance moves on the spot would make for good practice too.
【Airi】Right... In that case, shall we dance?
【Minori】Yes! And I still remember some of it too. I think this part was...
【Minori】Something like this...?
【Airi】Stop, that's not it! You're legs and waist aren't doing anything!
【Airi】Watch, okay? We're gonna do this right. First, use your waist to get into rhythm! Then you swing your arms along while moving your feet!
【Minori】Wow! It looks so much more polished!
【Airi】Of course it does!
【Airi】Now! I hope you're all ready! I'm not going easy on any of you!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D
【Airi】Humhumhuuum♪
【Airi】(Man, this song has fantastic lyrics! The melody too...! You can't help but smile while listening to it!)
[Sound] se00046
【Shizuku】Airi, what are you listening to today?
【Airi】Oh, Shizuku. Wanna listen? Here, take one of my earphones.
【Shizuku】Sure. Thank you.
【Shizuku】Oh, it's Rin! I was assumed you were listening to another idol group...
【Airi】I've been trying to listen to more songs by VIRTUAL SINGERS lately.
【Shizuku】Oh, I see... Any reasons why?
【Airi】Does it have to do with meeting Miku and Rin in SEKAI?
【Airi】I've known about VIRTUAL SINGERS and the that they've got some great songs, but never really took the time to actually listen...
【Airi】After meeting Rin and Miku, I got to thinking that maybe the VIRTUAL SINGERS and us idols aren't all that different.
【Shizuku】True. Especially since Miku and Rin are both idols too.
【Airi】Right... The Miku and Rin we met in SEKAI are idols like us, but it's not just because of that...
【Airi】I think the VIRTUAL SINGERS that most people are familiar with are like idols too, in a way.
【Shizuku】Ah, I understand what you mean! Hehe. There are so many different versions of Miku, it's hard to keep track of them all.
【Airi】Are you sure you really understand...?
【Shizuku】But what did you mean when you said the VIRTUAL SINGERS are like idols?
【Airi】Well... You remember what we learned in English class the other day? That the word idol comes from the word icon.
【Shizuku】And how they are people that command the admiration and respect of others...
【Airi】Yup. So based on that literal meaning...
【Airi】An idol doesn't have to belong to an agency, perform on a stage or even appear on TV to be considered a real idol.
【Shizuku】That may be true... But...
【Airi】I know... That sort of idol would be very different from what people generally expect an idol to be.
【Airi】But...
【Airi】If MORE MORE JUMP! can't make it by being what people generally expect and idol to be then...
【Airi】I'm prepared to abandon being a conformist completely.
【Airi】As long as the four of us are together... I really believe that we can become idols as MORE MORE JUMP!
【Shizuku】Airi...
【Airi】Oh, sorry... I was on a roll there, huh?
【Shizuku】No, it's okay. I'm happy to know that you've been thinking so seriously about this.
【Airi】Well, the future of MORE MORE JUMP! is on the line here. It's the least I can do!
【Airi】Anyway, our goal right now is to find the best way for us to actually be idols!
【Shizuku】Yes! And we'll definitely find it... Together.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Diner
【Shizuku】Okay, Airi! Order anything you like!
【Airi】Sure, thanks... But you're really okay with paying?
【Shizuku】Of course. You're the one who helped me find my answer, so think of this as a token of my appreciation.
【Airi】You don't have to do all this, you know.
【Airi】(Well, I guess she does seem to be having fun. Plus, I can't pass up an opportunity to enjoy this Japanese sweets fair.)
【Airi】Then I guess I'll have to take you up on your offer. But they all look so good... I don't know which one to get.
【Shizuku】In that case, we can just get one of each? Excuse me.
【Airi】Hey, hold on! There's no way the two of us can eat that many! Oh, sorry about that! Could we have just a moment please?
【Airi】Oh, these look delicious!
【Shizuku】They sure do. Mmm... I haven't had anmitsu in quite some time. It's delicious.
【Airi】This matcha parfait is really good too. Wanna try some?
【Shizuku】Sure. Here, you can have some of mine too. And try this warabimochi parfait as well.
【Airi】Don't mind if I do.
【Airi】(We ended up getting a lot but it looks like we won't have any trouble finishing it all.)
【Shizuku】Oh, Airi. There's something that's been bothering me for a while.
【Airi】Hm? What's that?
【Shizuku】You compared me to a swan before that one time.
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a001002
[Background Change] bg_a001101
【Airi】Yeah, I remember... What about it?
【Shizuku】If I'm a swan, I was wondering what animal you would be. I've been thinking about it for some time, but I just can't seem to find the perfect fit.
【Airi】The perfect animal, huh? Wasn't there some fortunetelling thing that matches you to an animal?
【Shizuku】Oh, there was. But I can't remember where I saw it...
【Airi】I'm sure a quick search will tell us. Now where'd my phone go?
【Airi】Oh, here it is! How about we both give it a try?
【Shizuku】Okay!
【Shizuku】Phew... That took longer than I expected!
【Airi】Seriously... How does it take you ten whole minutes to answer a few simple questions?
【Airi】Anyway, what animal did you get?
【Shizuku】Let's see. It says here I'm a rhinoceros.
【Airi】A rhinoceros?! Definitely not what I would've gone with, but what does it say about you?
【Shizuku】Let's see... As a rhinoceros, you are a hard worker whose strong desire to improve yourself drives you towards achieving your goals.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Huh. I see... That's actually pretty on the nose.
【Shizuku】However, when you have no interest in something, it shows on the surface, and you also tend to bumble around carelessly.
【Airi】Huh?
[Sound] bgm00015
【Shizuku】Furthermore, you know exactly what you like or dislike and have a strongly fixate on the things you like.
【Shizuku】I-I didn't realize... Is this the real me?
【Airi】No! There's no way...!
【Shizuku】You don't think so? What does yours say, Airi?
【Airi】It says that I'm a lion.
【Shizuku】Oh, that's a great animal. They're so strong but fluffy too.
【Airi】I guess they are cats after all, so they're not completely lacking for cuteness.
【Airi】Let's see... As a lion, your strong sense of justice makes you a natural leader. You also have a strong, rebellious spirit and are unbending in terms of what you believe in.
【Airi】Furthermore, you also take great care when it comes to your outward appearance.
【Shizuku】Wow! That's very accurate!
【Airi】Yeah, I guess so. There's still more.
【Airi】However, your unyielding personality negatively affects your ability to flourish in the real world.
【Airi】An inability to compromise with others means you will have great difficulty succeeding in the workplace.
【Airi】You also tend to set your expectations too high, so it may be best to reassess your goals in life.
【Airi】Try your best to strive for something realistic and reachable...?!
【Shizuku】A-Airi, please calm down...
【Airi】I-I am calm...
【Airi】(Shizuku's was way off, so why is it that mine is actually somewhat accurate? This isn't funny.)
【Airi】There were a few questions that I wasn't sure how to answer, so maybe we can try again.
【Shizuku】Hehe.
【Airi】Hey, what's so funny?
【Shizuku】You just reminded me of when we were idols-in-training. Do you remember that time we all went to visit the shrine during New Year's?
【Shizuku】You got a fortune that said, great curse, so you kept pulling new ones until you got one that said, great blessing.
【Airi】H-Hey! Why do you remember stuff like that?!
【Airi】Just forget about that, will you? It's definitely not something I want to remember.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】Really? I admire how you're never dissuaded and always try to push forward, no matter what.
【Shizuku】I thought I could learn a lot by following your example.
【Airi】Huh?
【Airi】If that's what you want to do, then be my guest.
【Shizuku】I will! In that case, I think I'll take the quiz one more time as well.
[Sound] bgm00020
【Shizuku】This time, I'll do my best to get something that matches perfectly!
【Airi】That's the example you're going to follow? And it's not really a fortune if you manipulate it to make it match...
【Shizuku】...
【Airi】(Whatever. As long as she's having fun, I guess...)
【Shizuku】Oh, Airi. It looks like I won some sort of raffle.
【Shizuku】It says, You're today's lucky winner! Answer a few easy questions and get a free appliance!
【Airi】What?! W-Wait, Shizuku! That's definitely just a scam!
【Shizuku】Let's see. Do I just tap here and...?
【Airi】STOP! I just said that's a scam! Quick, get away from that site!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy
【Airi】Alright, everyone's here!
【Haruka】Yes. Let's discuss our plans for the next livestream.
【Airi】We've come up with a lot of different ideas. Which one do you think we should go with?
【Shizuku】What do you think about going with Minori's idea for behind-the-scenes videos?
【Haruka】I think it's a great idea. We never really get the chance to show those kind of things as idols, so I'm sure the fans will find it interesting.
【Minori】Yeah! I thought so too! That's why I suggested it!
【Airi】But you actually suggested it because you want to see what Haruka's like, don't you?
【Minori】Hahaha... Why would I...?
【Airi】Oh, Minori... Regardless, it's still a good idea.
【Airi】But I have an extra suggestion regarding this. How about we turn it into a series instead of just making it a one-time thing?
【Shizuku】A series?
【Airi】Yeah. A lot of the ideas we've had for material so far have kind of been one-and-done deals, right?
【Airi】Which is great, don't get me wrong. You can watch them in any order, so it's super easy for new viewers to join at any time.
【Airi】But I think coming up with a different idea every single time is gonna exhaust us really quickly.
【Minori】O-Oh, you have a point...!
【Haruka】We've had plenty of these planning meetings, but it's true that our content is all starting to meld together.
【Airi】I was thinking the exact same thing. Which is where this idea for a series comes in!
【Airi】Even variety shows on TV bring back their most popular segments over and over again, right? Think of it like that.
【Minori】That makes sense! But do you think we can come up with something so interesting that people will want to keep watching it?
【Shizuku】That does seem rather difficult...
【Airi】Don't worry! I think we can make pretty much anything work as long as we decide on an overarching theme.
【Airi】Maybe something like... A My First Attempt! theme. The first episode could be about cooking, the second could be sewing and stuff like that!
【Shizuku】Oh, cooking and sewing together does actually sounds like a lot of fun.
【Airi】This is just an example, okay?
【Airi】The goal of this series would be to have the fans get to know more about us by having a theme that lets us be ourselves.
【Shizuku】Oh, really? I was hoping to try a nice tofu dish with everyone.
【Airi】That's not the point. We can do that another time.
【Airi】So what do you say? Wanna try coming up with some ideas for a series?
【Minori】Yeah! But we need to come up with a theme first, right?
【Airi】That's right. Maybe it'll help to think of something you want to do as a group!
【Shizuku】Something we want to do as a group...?
【Shizuku】Hehe. I know what I want to do. I'd love to go to Phoenix Wonderland together.
【Shizuku】I've been wanting to spend a whole day there with everyone here.
【Airi】You just went straight for something on your personal to-do list, huh...? Well, at least you're starting to get the idea, so keep 'em coming!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【Airi】Wow, that's a lot more than I was expecting!
【Airi】This should be plenty of material to test out alongside our usual one-offs!
【Airi】We can take the most popular ones and keep running with them...
【Haruka】But I feel that we could expand on some of our other videos with follow-up episodes as well.
【Airi】Yeah. And maybe we could have a little competition to see whose idea does the best!
【Airi】Hehe. This is gonna be fun!
【Minori】I think so too! It's like we're really producing a show!
【Airi】Well, that's because we are.
【Airi】We're making our very own channel for the fans to enjoy!
【Airi】(I never expected that having experience with all those variety shows would turn out to be so helpful like this.)
【Airi】(They say you never know when a skill might come in handy. I guess they're right.)
【Minori】Airi, is that it for today's meeting?
【Airi】Let's see... Why don't we go ahead and decide on an order for all of these ideas?
【Airi】In other words, it'll be our program schedule. It's just as important, so let's give it some real thought!
【Minori, Haruka & Shizuku】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002201
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard
【Airi】(A joint stream, huh...?)
【Airi】(I'm glad Haruka knows a lot of people but...)
【Shizuku】Airi, thank you for waiting.
【Airi】You're all done with committee stuff?
【Shizuku】Yes, we are. Also, you'd like to talk here instead of in class?
【Airi】Yeah, um... Can you take a look at this? It has to do with what I'd like to do for our next video...
[Sound] se00183
【Airi】Everything so far is getting a decent number of views, but there's one thing that's been bothering me...
【Shizuku】Is this about Minori?
【Airi】Yeah. I sort of had a feeling this would happen, but she's really been getting short-changed...
【Shizuku】But that's normal since we're still just starting out, right?
【Airi】You're right, but I have to think Minori sort of feels the same way regardless of how much she's smiling...
【Shizuku】I see. She even watches and rewatches each video to find out where she needs to improve so...
【Airi】...
【Shizuku】Airi?
【Airi】I was hoping to come up with a way to show everyone that Minori has just as much to offer as the rest of us, you know?
【Airi】I'm hoping that we can use the joint stream Haruka set up for us can act as a sort of springboard...
【Shizuku】...
【Airi】Wait, why are you grinning?
【Shizuku】I'm glad that we had the same idea.
【Shizuku】I want everyone to see just how wonderful Minori is as well.
【Airi】The same idea, huh?
【Shizuku】Airi?
【Airi】Well, you say that it's the same idea, but I've sort of been where she is now.
【Airi】I went through this long period where no one saw me as a real idol. No one wanted me around.
【Shizuku】...
【Airi】I don't want her to experience what I did.
【Airi】That's my motive.
【Shizuku】Airi...
【Airi】And...
【Airi】More than anyone else, Minori wants to give everyone hope for tomorrow.
【Airi】She gave us all the courage to stand back up and become idols again.
【Airi】If people start to understand that, they'll all come flocking to her!
【Airi】That's why...!
【Shizuku】...
【Airi】Whoa... I really got worked up there, didn't I?
【Shizuku】I understand exactly how you feel, Airi.
【Airi】R-Really? I guess, good then...
【Shizuku】But please let me know if you need any help, okay?
【Airi】Shizuku...
【Airi】Of course! We're gonna do everything we can for her sake!
【Airi】Now, about what I had in mind. I was thinking we could share something we're each good at...
【Airi】Then...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Airi】Our show was a huge success, and I was thinking we could talk about what to do next but...
【Airi】Minori's still not here. Again!
【Haruka】Yes. It's her day to care for the animals today, so she'll be running late.
【Airi】Should we wait until she gets here?
【Shizuku】Hehe. You're so fired up, Airi.
【Airi】Of course I am! We put on a great show, and we're finally getting off the ground!
【Airi】Oh, also! Our show reminded me of something! I want you all to take a look at this...
【Haruka】Hm?
【Airi】I was going through the comments people posted about our show and finally found this...
【Haruka】Oh, they're talking about Minori...
【Haruka】This person said, It's pretty amazing how she learned to dance like that in such a short amount of time, isn't it?
【Shizuku】They're starting to see just how hard she works.
【Haruka】They are. Honestly, there should be more people commenting on how well she did.
【Haruka】Oh, that's right. I found this too...
【Haruka】Look. This is from someone's blog...
【Airi】This person looks like they're a fan of a lot of different idols. Let's see...
【Airi】Is the newbie idol, Minori Hanasato, there to create buzz for the group...?
【Airi】Including one girl who has no professional experience in the business may be a ploy to attract attention to the group.
【Airi】I was under this impression and believed that others may be as well.
【Shizuku】However, the joint stream and show they recently put on seems to prove otherwise.
【Shizuku】The other members of the group seem to solemnly believe in her based on that performance. At least, that is now my understanding.
【Airi】Whoa, this person's got a good eye! Thank you, that's what we've been trying to say!
【Shizuku】Hehe. I think I'll start looking for comments and posts about Minori too.
【Airi】Oh, let's all look her up online while we wait for her to get here!
【Haruka】Okay. Let's find as much as we can and give her the good news.
[Sound] se00183
[Sound] se00183
【Haruka】No, that's not her...
【Airi】Hmm... Her name alone might not be enough. Maybe a different keyword or something will...
【Shizuku】Airi...
【Airi】I know, I know. You're not sure how to look things up, right? Here, give me your phone...
【Shizuku】Thank you!
【Airi】You go here and...
【Shizuku】Okay. Press search and... Oh!
【Shizuku】Look! There's a video about copying Minori's part of our dance routine!
【Haruka】You're right! Someone already posted a video like this...?
【Shizuku】Oh, there's a comment from the poster too.
【Shizuku】They said, I keep messing up the same part! How on earth did Minori learn to do this...?!
【Airi】Hehe. The answer is moxie, willpower and trying until you succeed!
【Haruka】You sound so proud of her...
【Shizuku】Hehe. Oh, Airi...
【Haruka】Hey, I found another one too. Look, caricatures of us!
【Airi】Wow, Minori's in the middle too!
【Haruka】The person that posted this seems to be a big idol fan too. The fact that they put Minori in the middle means...
【Airi】They have better eyes than all those dumb judges that kept failing Minori during her auditions!
【Airi】It looks like they put a lot of effort into this too! It's almost as if they really care about her!
【Haruka】Hehe. It's like you're staring into a mirror, Airi.
【Shizuku】Airi actually mentioned something about Minori the other day, Haruka...
【Shizuku】She said she doesn't want Minori to experience the same thing she did.
【Haruka】...
【Shizuku】She was so worried about Minori too...
【Haruka】I see, so that's why...
【Haruka & Shizuku】...
【Airi】Hm? Why are you two grinning like that?
【Haruka】Oh, nothing.
【Shizuku】Hehe. Don't mind us.
【Airi】That definitely means you're not telling me something...
【Airi】Come on, out with it!
【Haruka】Hehe. It's a secret...
【Airi】You are hiding something!
【Airi】Ugh! Just tell me already...!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Airi】Thanks for coming today, Ena. It was fun to actually be able to go out shopping like this with you again.
【Ena】I had fun too. I'll ask Mizuki about the picnic too and let you know once I hear back.
【Airi】Okay, thanks!
【Shizuku】Then I guess we'll see you for the picnic!
【Ena】Yeah, see you then!
[Sound] se00104
【Airi】Thanks for coming along today, Shizuku.
【Shizuku】Oh, it was my pleasure.
【Shizuku】Shinonome was so much fun to talk with too. Also, she's so stylish...
【Airi】I know, right? She's had an eye for fashion since junior high!
【Airi】I met her just as I was starting to get more work as an idol but...
【Airi】That was before we became famous and didn't have other clothes besides my stage uniform. I was doing interviews in my street clothes too, but then I started talking to Ena about it...
【Airi】She taught me about how people viewed me and what I can do to appear more fashionable.
【Shizuku】I see.
【Airi】But...
【Airi】I wasn't able to help her when she kind of really needed it. Even after she'd helped me out so much.
【Shizuku】Huh?
【Airi】This was during junior high too...
【Airi】It was the first time in a while that I was able to go to school and she said, I saw you on TV! I can't believe you really made your dream come true!
【Airi】I felt so happy when she said that and I ended up saying something I shouldn't have...
【Airi】I told her that, It's your turn now, Ena! As long as you work hard at it, your dreams will come true too!
【Airi】She just went silent after that...
【Shizuku】...
【Airi】I asked her if something was wrong, but she said it was nothing...
【Airi】A while passed before I learned that she and her dad fought over what she wanted to do in life.
【Shizuku】Oh, I see...
【Airi】Those wounds still haven't really healed either...
【Airi】Ena was always there for me from the start, but I couldn't do anything for her...
【Shizuku】Airi...
【Airi】That's why I want to help her now. I have to...!
【Airi】It's also sort of why I roped you into this, Shizuku...
【Shizuku】Oh, don't mind me. I'm the one that suggested we go on a little trip together in the first place.
【Shizuku】It'd be my pleasure to help you and your friend out, Airi.
【Airi】Thanks, Shizuku...
【Airi】I'll be counting on you next week...!
【Airi】Wait, uh oh... We haven't told Minori and Haruka that we'll be gone then!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Airi】I know I'm just dropping this on you just as our videos are finally getting more attention. I don't like taking days off out of the blue like this either...
【Airi】So I'm really sorry...!
【Haruka】Airi, you don't have to apologize...
【Minori】Yeah, it's not like you did anything wrong!
【Minori】You're doing this for your friend, right? I think it's actually really nice!
【Airi】Yeah, she kind of means a lot to me. She helped me become a real idol...
【Airi】So I want to return the favor somehow...
【Haruka】Actually, Airi... I have a friend like that too. We've known each other since elementary school.
【Airi】You do...?
【Haruka】I don't get to see her much anymore, but she was there to talk to me after I first quit, when we decided to form our group, everything...
【Haruka】I understand just how important someone like that can be to you.
【Haruka】So please, do what you can for them.
【Airi】Haruka...
【Minori】Yeah! We're on your side, so don't worry!
【Airi】Minori... Thanks, you two...!
【Shizuku】I'd like to thank you as well!
【Minori】Hehe. You're very welcome!
【Minori】That means it'll be just the two of us again, Haruka!
【Haruka】Hmm... Practicing is good and all...
【Haruka】But what if we went somewhere together too? Like, Phoenix Wonderland maybe...?
【Minori】What?! T-T-T-Together?!
【Haruka】Yes. This girl from the Sports Festival Planning Committee said that she's a cast member for one of the troupes there.
【Haruka】I've been meaning to go see one of her shows, but haven't had a chance to yet...
【Minori】B-But...
【Airi】It's important that you take breaks too, Minori.
【Shizuku】I agree. Since we're going on a picnic, you two should go out and enjoy yourselves as well.
【Haruka】They seem to agree... So how about it?
【Minori】Okay! If you're really alright with me going that is...!
【Airi】Then it's settled! Let's make the most of this weekend!
【Haruka】Yeah, let's!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002901
[Caption] Highlands
【Airi】It really is nice to have lunch in such a beautiful place. Everything taste so much better too!
【Shizuku】I agree. It's so different compared to when we have lunch at school together.
【Airi】Oh, speaking of which, you two go to the same school, right, Ena, Mizuki?
【Mizuki】Yup, we sure do♪
【Shizuku】Does that mean you see each other at school often?
【Mizuki】Actually, we hardly ever see each other. Sleeping Beauty here goes to night school while I go during the day.
【Ena】Hah, look who's talking! You only ever go when you feel like going!
【Mizuki】Haha! Also, we're in different grades. Ena's a second year and I'm a first year.
【Airi】That means you're the same year as Akito. Have you ever met him before?
【Mizuki】Yeah, during the School Festival! We went around and saw a bunch of stuff together♪
【Shizuku】Who's Akito?
【Airi】Ena's little brother. He's pretty nice and way more mature than Ena.
【Ena】You know that's all just an act, right? He's really a big jerk that doesn't show his older sister any respect.
【Mizuki】But he hangs out with you and even does what you ask him to do, right?
【Mizuki】Like that one time you two went to that cafe I told you about just to get cheesecake. Oh, and when you went to that place with the really good pancakes but only enough for the first ten people.
【Ena】Y-Yeah... But...
【Airi】Hehe. He even wakes you up in the morning when you really need him to.
【Shizuku】That's so sweet. You two must be so close.
【Ena】No, you're getting it all wrong...
【Mizuki】You're blushing like crazy...! Wait, Airi, when did you first meet Ena's li'l bro?
【Airi】During junior high. I met him when I was over at Ena's house one day.
【Airi】I'll say hi to him every once in a while, but I haven't really talked to him since that other time...
【Ena】Huh? What other time?
【Airi】(Oh, right... Akito never told Ena about that...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_c001101
[Sound] bgm00016
[Caption] Back during junior high...
[Caption] Vivid Street
【Airi】Ena won't tell me anything.
【Airi】Every single time I ask her about what happened between her and your guys' dad, she just says, Nothing...
【Airi】Or even, You made your dream come true, Airi, so you keep going...
【Akito】...
【Airi】Ena was a huge part of me becoming an idol, but I haven't been able to give back at all. It feels like I haven't been there for her...
【Airi】I know this might not sound right coming from me but...
【Airi】I don't have anyone else that I can rely on like that... I don't think Ena does either...
【Airi】So please... I need you to look after her...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002901
【Airi】(Ena was the reason I was able to make the most of the opportunities I was given. She gave me the courage to really go for it.)
【Airi】(I did everything I could as an idol and regret none of it.)
【Airi】(But then I turned around and asked Akito to do something like that after sort of just leaving Ena behind...)
【Airi】(I haven't talked to him since then, but I guess he's still keeping his promise to me...)
【Airi】(Ena's not the type to just let someone struggle on their own, and I guess her little brother is no different...)
【Ena】Airi...? Hey, Earth to Airi!
【Airi】Huh...?
【Ena】We sort of lost you there. Is something wrong?
[Sound] bgm00024
【Airi】No, it's nothing. I was just remembering something that happened a long time ago.
【Ena】Uh, okay...
【Airi】...
【Airi】(I've finally just started getting back on my feet as an idol, and the way we're doing things now, I might actually be able to help Ena.)
【Airi】(In order to make that happen...)
【Airi】(I need to do what I can to find out what's bothering Mizuki too!)
【Airi】Anyways, I'm stuffed. Shall we...?
【Ena】Yeah. Hiking should help us walk off everything we just ate too...!
【Shizuku】Yes, and let's make sure to have as much fun as we can while we do!
【Mizuki】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001002
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Airi】Haruka's idea worked out pretty well, didn't it?
【Shizuku】Yes, it did...
【Airi】So we gotta keep coming up with stuff to make our stream better and better!
【Shizuku】...
【Airi】Um, Shizuku... Are you listening?
【Shizuku】Oh, uh... I'm sorry... I was just thinking about something...
【Airi】Are you tired? Is it because of our stream today? If so, you should rest as much as you can...
【Shizuku】I appreciate the thought, Airi. That's actually not what's bothering me...
【Airi】(So is this about Haruka...?)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a000801
【Shizuku】But I'm sure it was quite a lot of work to get this idea together, wasn't it...?
【Shizuku】Our practice went longer than usual yesterday and we all seemed to get home pretty late...
[Background Change] bg_a001002
【Airi】(She looked so worried even after we finished our stream...)
【Shizuku】I'll be heading this way, so I'll see you tomorrow, Airi.
【Airi】Oh... Yeah, see you tomorrow!
【Airi】(I guess I'll just keep an eye on things for now...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Sound] bgm_area00002
[Caption] A few days later
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Luka】Oh, if you're all okay with cooking... How about this...?
【Airi】(This is turning into a pretty fun discussion...)
【Airi】(Since MEIKO arrived in SEKAI, I feel like we've been able to talk things out with everyone more, yet...)
【Airi】(Shizuku still seems worried...)
【Airi】(Oh, MEIKO too...)
【Airi】Hmm...
【Luka】Airi, do you have a minute?
【Airi】Oh, Luka. Sure, what is it?
【Luka】About Shizuku... She seems incredibly worried about Haruka...
【Airi】Yeah, I've noticed that too lately...
【Luka】Oh, you too...?
【Airi】Yes. The idea Haruka came up with the other day went really well...
【Airi】But because she came up with it in just one night, Shizuku became worried that she might be pushing herself too hard.
【Luka】I see...
【Luka】Has there ever been a time when you thought Haruka was pushing herself too hard, Airi?
【Airi】Hmm... Nothing immediately comes to mind...
【Airi】That might be because Haruka's known for being a hard worker too...
【Airi】No matter what, she'll practice and train every day without missing a beat.
【Luka】Come to think of it, she's very strict about her diet too.
【Airi】Exactly. I've even talked to her about finding time to relax and stuff...
【Airi】But she told me that she does take breaks when she needs to.
【Luka】And you believed her.
【Airi】Well, yeah. She's Haruka Kiritani, the former leader of ASRUN.
【Airi】There's no way she would've been able to make it that far without knowing how to balance her personal and professional lives.
【Luka】Yes, I agree with you there...
【Airi】Haruka even stayed on her diet even after she stopped being an idol because it was just a part of her routine by that point...
【Airi】She said it would feel too strange if she didn't...
【Luka】So being an idol was just simply what her life sort of was...
【Airi】Yeah...
【Airi】Haruka's a lot tougher than any of us realize...
【Airi】That's why it never seemed like she was overdoing it or pushing herself too hard. I kind of feel bad for talking about it behind her back.
【Luka】I see, but you're not actually sure yourself...
【Airi】That's the thing...
【Airi】Haruka back then was so good at what she did...
【Airi】It's like she just always knew what to do in order to keep going as an idol...
【Luka】...
【Airi】And she's still like that even now. I hate to say it, but she wouldn't be Haruka Kiritani otherwise...
【Airi】But Shizuku knew Haruka a lot better than I did back then.
【Airi】There might be something that Shizuku knows that I don't know about when it comes to Haruka...
【Luka】Than why don't you talk to Shizuku to see if she does know something?
【Airi】Yeah, that might be my best bet for now...
【Airi】*Sigh*... It's great to finally have that off my chest.
【Airi】Thanks for listening, Luka.
【Luka】Oh, there's no need for that. I was just worried about Shizuku and Haruka is all.
【Luka】Give Shizuku my regards, okay, Airi?
【Airi】Of course! I'm not sure if I'll be of any help, but I'll try talking to her when I find the right time to...!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
[Sound] se00018
【Airi】Alright, for today's practice, we'll... Huh? Just you, Haruka...?
【Haruka】For now. Minori said she'll be late because of a committee meeting.
【Airi】Oh, okay. Same situation as Shizuku then. She said she had to attend a committee meeting too.
【Airi】How about we just start with some stretches?
【Haruka】Okay, sounds good.
【Haruka】Oh, also... I'm not sure I thanked you yet, Airi.
【Airi】Thank me? For what?
【Haruka】For taking last Sunday off so that we could all go out shopping together. Shizuku told me that it was your idea.
【Haruka】I've been meaning to tell you how much I appreciated your thought. Thank you, Airi.
【Airi】It was nothing, really.
【Airi】I mean, Shizuku seemed much more concerned than I was and this talk I had with her just sort of ended up with that idea.
【Haruka】But I was able to have a fun day off because of that. I even made an important realization.
【Haruka】So again, thank you.
【Airi】*Sigh*... You're such a good kid.
【Airi】That part of you really hasn't changed since back then. Of course, I mean it all in a good way...!
【Haruka】Really?
【Airi】Yes, really. You've always been this idol who could focus on a goal and give it everything you have while you worked away at it...
【Airi】I've always admired that part of you...
【Airi】So much so that I kept wondering why I couldn't do what you do...
【Haruka】But I think you can, Airi...
【Airi】Hold on. Let me finish.
【Airi】Your goal was to give hope to as many people as you could while being the best idol you could be, and you never stopped trying...
【Airi】You tried so hard that it became a part of you.
【Haruka】Yes, you're right...
【Haruka】It never occurred to me that I was trying so hard.
【Airi】I bet. Otherwise, you probably wouldn't have been able to make it this far.
【Airi】On top of that, this is sort of just who you are now. Changing that won't be easy.
【Airi】But that's also why we want you to relax and be yourself more when you're with us at least.
【Haruka】Airi...
【Haruka】I understand. Thank you.
【Haruka】Oh, but I admire how hard Shizuku works too...
【Haruka】Especially the last time I was invited over to her house and saw dumbbells lying around in her room.
【Airi】Look who's talking. I bet you have some at your house too, Haruka.
【Haruka】Oh... Yeah, I do...
【Airi】I knew it...!
【Haruka】But Shizuku's told me all about how you train on your own too, Airi.
【Airi】Huh? I do what I need to but I don't really do anything special...
【Airi】Oh, I do skip doing homework and stuff some days since I know I can get away with it, while you do your homework everyday, right?
【Airi】I'll go off and do voice training or something instead.
【Haruka】I feel like that counts as having a good work ethic too.
【Airi】Haha. You think so?
【Haruka】Hehe.
【Haruka】But I think I get it now... I can try doing things that way from now on.
【Airi】What way?
【Haruka】Not forcing myself to think that I have to do something or get everything done right now. Knowing that I still have time to do things later.
【Airi】Right. Worst case scenario, you can just wait until just before class starts to do any homework that's due.
【Haruka】Hehe. That might not be for me...
【Haruka】But I have a better grasp of things now.
【Airi】You do? Great!
【Haruka】Yeah. I'll try to look out for myself a little more from now on.
【Haruka】Oh, but... I'm still not entirely sure what I should be doing, so I'd appreciate it if you could help me like you did the other day.
【Airi】Yeah, you got it!
【Airi】But you know, it might be good to talk to Shizuku about that too.
【Haruka】Shizuku?
【Airi】She's the big sister in her family and has this sort of motherly feel to her. Honestly, just being around her is pretty comforting.
【Haruka】Hehe. I know what you mean.
【Haruka】She gives off this warmth as if everything will be just fine when you're around her...
【Airi】Yeah, that!
【Airi】She's even the one who was most concerned about you this time around. I say just talk to her and lean on her more from now on, okay?
【Haruka】Okay, I will.
【Airi】Now, enough chatting. Let's get back to stretching, shall we...?
【Haruka】Sure. I'll press your back while you stretch first, Airi.
【Airi】You sure? Well, if you don't mind...!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】...
【Airi's Voice】<Now, onto our next segment!>
【Airi】(Hmm... Some of these segues between segments are really good, but others are kinda bad.)
[Sound] se00213
【Airi】(It's never that easy, is it? You have to find the right thing to say in a limited amount of time on the spot.)
【Airi】(I guess that goes under work in progress...)
[Sound] se00213
【Airi】(By themselves, Shizuku and Minori do great during segments, and our viewers seem to really like that.)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】(They even throw in their own quips and comebacks from time to time while they're talking.)
【Airi】(But that's something we have to take advantage of since livestreaming is what we've decided to do!)
[Sound] bgm00024
【Airi】And...! There! That's every stream from this past week!
【Airi】All that's left is to fix whatever's still a work in progress...
【Airi】Hehe. The notebook of talking points that I made while I was still in QT helps so much for this.
【Airi】Let's see... I think I left it on this shelf... Oh, here it is!
[Sound] se00055
【Airi】Still, having stored away my oldest stuff first might've been a mistake. It's such a pain to find stuff from way back when now.
【Airi】It's not like these notebooks are separated into different categories either. Some even have stuff about singing, dancing and whatever else all mixed together.
【Airi】And it'd be great to have all this digitized, but that would take forever too...
【Airi】At least for now, I can write what's actually in these things on each of their covers...!
[Sound] se00191
【Airi】Huh? Is this...?!
【Airi】Whoa! They're all pictures of idols and costumes that I drew when I was little!
【Airi】I knew I still had them somewhere, but I guess you ended up being stuck between these notebooks.
【Airi】Hehe. Talk about a blast from the past.
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b000804
【Little Airi】Idols sure are amazing... Singing, dancing, making all those people smile...
【Little Airi】They even do all those talk shows! I bet it's a lot of fun!
【Airi's Sister】You've been watching this girl a lot lately. Do you really like her that much?
【Little Airi】Yeah! It's like just seeing her makes me happy. I can't help but start smiling.
【Airi's Sister】That means she's just like you!
【Little Airi】What? Me?
【Airi's Sister】Yeah! I can't help but start smiling whenever I see you!
【Little Airi】Really...?
【Little Airi】Maybe I really can be an idol!
【Little Airi】I bet I could get up on a big stage like her and sing and dance and make everyone smile!
【Little Airi】Alright then...! I'm going to become an idol!
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】...
【Airi】A lot's happened since then, but here I am. Airi the idol.
【Airi】Hehe. I would love to see the look on little me's face when she saw that I'm an idol...
【Airi】Mhm... *Yawn*...
【Airi】Huh? It's already past midnight...?
【Airi】I'd better quit while I'm ahead. Staying up any later is gonna affect the way I practice tomorrow.
【Airi】Huh?
【Airi】Did my phone flash just now...? Hm? It doesn't look like anyone sent me anything...
【Airi】Anyway, where's my alarm...? Good, it's all set. Now then, good night...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Airi】...
【Airi】Huh...? Is this SEKAI?
【Airi】Did I play Untitled by accident while setting my alarm?
【Airi】(But it's so quiet... I don't see Miku or the others anywhere...)
【Airi】Oh, I see a light over there.
[Sound] se00104
【Airi】What is this thing? It's too small for a stage light and it's perfectly round...
[Sound] se00092
【Airi】Whoa! Now what...?!
[Background Change] bg_b001701
[Sound] bgm00047
[Caption] ???
【Airi】Wh-Wh-Where am I...?!
【Airi】What in the world is going on here?! I was in SEKAI just now and...!
【Airi】Wait, this looks like a museum or something...! I need to keep my voice down...
【Airi】No, now's not the time for that. Seriously, what is this place...?
【Airi】I feel like I've seen all these costumes and idol merch somewhere before too...
【Airi】Am I dreaming? But I'm completely conscious...
【Airi】(Hey, there's a kid here! I'll ask them and see if they know anything.)
【Airi】Uh, hi. I need some...
【Airi】Wh...?!
【Airi】Whaaat?!
【Little Airi】Hey, this is a museum! You have to be quiet!
【Airi】R-Right, sorry.
【Airi】(Seriously, what's going on here?! She looks just like me from when I was little!)
【Airi】Um, hey... Mind if I ask what your name is?
【Little Airi】My name? I'm Airi! What's your name?
【Airi】Wh-What a coincidence...?! My name's Airi too.
【Little Airi】Really?! That's so cool!
【Airi】Yeah, I guess it is... Haha...
【Airi】(S-Seriously, what in the world is going on here?!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001701
[Caption] ???
【Airi】(No matter how you look at it, this is me from when I was little...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] song00004_off_f
【Little Airi】Look, a TV! Some idols are dancing too!
[Sound] se00049
【Airi】Hey, you shouldn't run like that!
[Sound] se00049
【Little Airi】Why'd they have to put the TV way up there? I can't see anything from down here...
【Airi】It's probably a part of the exhibit. You know, to describe what's going on? Come here. Up you go.
[Sound] se00055
【Little Airi】Wow! Thanks, Airi!
【Airi】(I guess I can stick around a bit too. Let's see...)
【Airi】(Hold on, this is a video of that time I did a show with Nanamin...)
【Little Airi】Whoa...! Airi, is that you?! You're on TV!
【Little Airi】Are you an idol?!
【Airi】Y-Yes, I am.
【Little Airi】...!
【Airi】(And I've seen all these costumes and idol merch before. I definitely have.)
【Airi】(Are all these...?)
【Little Airi】I... I'm actually trying to become an idol!
【Little Airi】My little sister said that she can't help but smile whenever she sees me!
【Little Airi】That's why I want to go on a big stage and make everybody feel the same way! And, um...
【Airi】It's okay, just take your time. You're such a little tomboy.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Little Airi】Um... Okay...
【Airi】...
[Sound] bgm00024
【Airi】(Oh, this might've been when I started feeling bothered by how everybody was saying I was too rambunctious or tomboyish...)
【Airi】(I decided that I wanted to become an idol and started ignoring everything that those boys said about me...)
【Airi】(I still have no idea where I am or what this place is...)
【Airi】(But I'm certain that this little girl is me.)
【Airi】I'm sorry for calling you a little tomboy. Please, tell me more about why you want to become an idol.
【Little Airi】*Gasp*...! Okay!
[Sound] se00097
【Little Airi】But there are all these mean boys that keep teasing my little sister. I get mad and keep telling them to stop too...
【Little Airi】Then they said that a brat like me could never become an idol.
【Airi】I see...
【Little Airi】My mom even bought me some really cute-looking clothes, but whenever I wear them, the boys in my class tease me about it.
【Little Airi】They tell me that I'm a big, mean monster and shouldn't be wearing girly clothes.
【Airi】Even though you're a girl in every sense of the word...
[Sound] bgm00000
【???】<————...>
【Airi】Hm? Is someone there...?
【Little Airi】Oh! There's a TV over there too!
【Airi】Yes, I can see that. Wanna take a look?
[Sound] se00171
[Background Change] bg_b001301
【Manager】<Airi, you received another request for a variety show appearance. The filming is next Saturday.>
【Airi】<What? Isn't that the day of the mini-concert?>
【Manager】<Yes, but the other members should be fine without you. We'll announce the change on our website.>
【Airi】<B-But...>
[Background Change] bg_b001701
[Sound] bgm00016
【Airi】(Is this...?)
[Background Change] bg_b001301
【Manager】<Yes, that's right. I'd like Airi to start focusing on becoming more of a variety show personality...>
【Manager】<Honestly, as an idol, she's pretty run of the mill, so I'd like to shift her work away from that...>
【Airi】<Huh?>
【Airi】<Wait just a minute! What's that supposed to mean?!>
[Background Change] bg_b001701
【Airi】(Yeah, it's from back then...)
【Little Airi】You seem so angry...
【Airi】Oh...
【Little Airi】And really really sad...
【Airi】...
【Airi】You're right. I was really angry and really sad...
【Airi】(I worked so hard to become an idol and it's like everything was being taken away from me...)
【Little Airi】Is being an idol really hard...?
【Airi】...
【Airi】Yes, becoming an idol and staying that way are very difficult things to accomplish...
【Airi】(And her seeing me fight with my manager probably isn't doing her motivation any favors either.)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】(I know...!)
【Airi】Do you see that dresser over there? How about we take a seat and have a little chat?
【Airi】I'll even let you sit on my lap.
【Little Airi】Okay...
[Sound] bgm00039
【Little Airi】Um, Airi... What's the hardest part about being an idol?
【Airi】The hardest part? Well, if you want to go on stage to sing and dance, you have to practice a lot.
【Little Airi】That's okay! I love to sing and dance! Is there anything else?
【Airi】Well, you have to always be smiling when the cameras are rolling and smile even more when you're on stage.
【Little Airi】Why? Do you have to always smile that much?
【Airi】Of course! Idols are supposed to spread hope to others.
【Airi】Look, some people will say mean things about you, not every show will go as planned and you'll have to get through some tough situations.
【Airi】But here's something that one of my friends told me.
【Airi】Tomorrow will always be a better day!
【Little Airi】Tomorrow will always be a better day...?
【Airi】Exactly! Being able to overcome tough hurdles and face not so pretty situations gives idols the power to spread hope to their fans!
【Airi】So just hang in there! I know you can do it because you have us on your side!
【Airi】In that sense, you're the perfect candidate for becoming an idol just the way you are! So don't let those boys get you down!
【Little Airi】Oh...
【Airi】Don't let what others say discourage you. Not ever.
【Airi】The most important thing that you need to do right now is believe that you'll become an idol someday.
【Little Airi】Me...?
【Airi】Yes. As long as you don't give up, your dream will come true. I guarantee it!
【Little Airi】...!
【Airi】I mean, it's your dream! Don't ever let go of it...!
【Little Airi】I won't!
[Background Change] bg_a000091
【Little Airi】I promise that I'll become an idol! I'm gonna become an idol, make lots and lots of people really happy!
【Airi】Good, that's the spirit! And I promise to become the best idol that I can be!
【Little Airi】Hehe! Pinky promise!
【Airi】Sure.
【Airi & Little Airi】I promise to become an idol! I promise to be the best idol that I can be.
【Airi & Little Airi】Haha!
【Airi】(I promise to never let go too.)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Background Change] bg_a000000
【Airi】(I'm so glad that I met Minori that day.)
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Background Change] bg_a000000
【Airi】(I'm so glad that I got to form MORE MORE JUMP! with her, Shizuku and Haruka too.)
[Background Change] bg_b001701
【Airi】...
【Airi】(I've had my lows. Sometimes it was really low, but I've had just as many highs.)
【Airi】(Hehe. I'm so glad that I became an idol!)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Huh? Was that...?
【Little Airi】It's time to say goodbye...
【Airi】Huh? Wait...!
[Background Change] bg00026
【Little Airi's Voice】I'm gonna try my best, Airi!
【Little Airi's Voice】So promise to do your best too!
【Airi】I will.
【Airi】I will! I promise!
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Rin】Welcome back, Airi!
【Airi】R-Rin?!
【Airi】(Wait, I'm back in SEKAI...?)
[Sound] bgm00024
【Rin】I didn't know you were waiting here, Airi♪ Did you by chance happen to find a little ball of light?
【Airi】Yeah, I did! Wait, did you leave that for me here, Rin?
【Rin】No, it wasn't me.
【Rin】It must've been a fragment of a feeling...
【Airi】A fragment of a feeling...?
【Rin】Yeah!
【Rin】In SEKAI, fragments of feelings that are yet to manifest as a SEKAI of their own can appear here. Miku told me all about them!
【Airi】Really...
【Rin】Did something happen when you touched that fragment, Airi?
【Airi】Me? Yes...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001701
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Airi】I met someone I didn't expect to meet and made some wonderful discoveries!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000801
[Sound] se00056
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】Mhm... *Yawn*... Huh? I'm back in my room?
【Airi】Wow, I just had the strangest dream...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001701
[Background Change] bg_b000801
【Airi】...
【Airi】No, that definitely wasn't a dream.
【Airi】I clearly remember making a promise with that little girl.
【Airi】Alright...!
[Sound] song00004_off_f
【Airi】More and more songs!
【Airi】More and more energy!
【Airi】More and more hope!
【Airi】And we're gonna do everything we can to spread those to more and more people...!
【Airi】Starting by doing my best today!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003603
[Caption] Summer Festival Fairgrounds
[Sound] se00034
【Airi】Wow, I was wondering why so many people were wearing yukatas and stuff...
【Shizuku】Hehe. They're having a festival today!
【Airi】Yeah, it could be fun! Wanna check it out since we're here?
【Shizuku】Sure!
【Shizuku】Oh, there's so many people. I wish Minori and Haruka were here to see this.
【Airi】Yeah, it's too bad they're off at the Seaside School.
【Airi】We can at least take some pictures and show them later.
【Shizuku】Yes, let's!
【Shizuku】Oh, look! We can play ring toss or try catching some goldfish!
【Airi】Well, yeah. It wouldn't be much of a festival if it didn't have those.
【Airi】Anyway, let's look around, take some pics and tell them about it tomorrow or something.
【Shizuku】Okay, that sounds good.
【Shizuku】Now that I think about it, it's been quite a while since I last went to a festival like this.
【Airi】Same. Hmm... Maybe not since elementary school...?
【Shizuku】Oh, it's been about that long for me too. I remember going to the festival put on by our local shrine with Shii and our mother while wearing yukatas together.
【Airi】Yeah, my sisters and I used to save up just for that and go together the three of us.
【Airi】Looking back, those really were fun times.
【Airi】Oh, wait! Have you seen any stalls selling chilled pineapples? My little sister absolutely loved them...!
【Shizuku】That does sound nice. Caramel apples and cotton candy are also good options.
【Airi】Yeah, those too! I get that it's bad manners to eat while walking around...
【Airi】But it's a festival, so whatever, right? It was nice to sort of do whatever we liked...
【Shizuku】Yes, I see. In my case...
【Shizuku】...
【Airi】Hm? Shizuku, what's up? You stopped partway...
【Shizuku】It's just... I remember festivals being a lot of fun, but I always somehow ended up alone for some reason...
【Airi】Alone... You kept getting lost, didn't you?
【Shizuku】But Shii would never let me hold her hand.
【Airi】Okay, okay. Just promise to be a little more careful. You're an idol, so you need to keep a low profile and not cause a fuss by getting mad.
【Shizuku】Yes, I understand. I'll make sure not to lose sight of you, Airi!
【Airi】You really shouldn't have to try so hard to do that... It's a festival, so let's just try to have fun, alright?
[Sound] se00034
【Airi】Hey, Shizuku, they're selling caramel apples over there...
【Shizuku】Yes, I see. Hehe. I think I'll buy one for Shii.
【Airi】I don't see why not.
【Airi】Hmm... Maybe I should get stuff for other people too.
【Shizuku】You mentioned that your younger sister likes chilled pineapples, no?
【Airi】Yeah, but it's not like she really likes pineapples or anything either. I just sort of start looking for them instinctively when I'm at festivals now.
【Shizuku】Oh, I think I know what you're saying. We think that these things taste better because of the occasion, yes?
【Airi】Yeah, exactly!
【Airi】That really takes me back...
【Airi】The festival my family and I used to go to was one of the biggest local events of the year.
【Airi】They even had bands and other artists come as guests and perform on-stage...
【Shizuku】That does sound like a big event. The one I always went to usually had a much more traditional feel to it.
【Airi】That's usually how it is.
【Airi】Still, the stage seemed a little jury-rigged, and all the guests were mostly local amateurs. In that sense, it really felt like a hometown affair, you know?
【Airi】But...
【Airi】That was also just around the time I started thinking about becoming an idol and even thought that I might even be performing on that stage one day.
【Shizuku】Hehe. I can see you up there already, Airi, dazzling everyone with your smile.
【Shizuku】By the way, that stage you mentioned... Did it look anything like that?
【Airi】Huh?
[Background Change] bg_a003503
[Background Change] bg_a003603
【Airi】Hey, you're right... I didn't realize that there was a stage there.
【Airi】And a pretty big one at that. It has all the equipment it could ever need too...
【Airi】Do they have guests scheduled to perform or something?
【Shizuku】Airi, we still have quite a bit of time, so why don't we go see what's going on with that stage?
【Airi】Yeah, sure!
【Airi】First, let's get some drinks to stay hydrated. Then we can just sit back and enjoy the show.
【Shizuku】Sure!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] One week after the Summer Festival
[Caption] Diner
【Airi】Let's dig in!
【Airi】Mmm... This roasted tea parfait is so good! Don't knock it before you try it just because it's a diner, I guess.
【Shizuku】Yes, I agree! I'll try mine now...
【Shizuku】Oh, the syrup on this warabimochi parfait goes so well with the sweet soybean powder that it came with.
【Ena】Really? Hey, both of you, mind sharing a little since we have some extra plates?
【Airi】Sure, be my guest!
【Airi】Phew... That was delicious.
【Airi】Thanks for tagging along with me, Ena, Shizuku! I'm glad we got to try so many Japanese-styled desserts!
【Shizuku】Hehe. You're very welcome.
【Ena】I'm just glad I got to hang out with you two. That was a lot of fun.
【Airi】Yeah. Even though we bumped into each other during the festival, it sort of has been a while since we hung out together like this, huh?
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a003603
[Background Change] bg_a001101
【Airi】...
【Airi】Um, Ena? About Mizuki... How have things been since, you know?
【Shizuku】Oh, I'd like to know too... You two looked like you were having quite a bit of fun during the festival.
【Ena】I'm not sure I can say there's been much progress...
【Airi】I see...
【Airi】Sorry for not being able to help you out much, Ena...
【Shizuku】I'm also sorry...
【Ena】No, you two have nothing to apologize for!
【Ena】Like we discussed before, I know that this might take a very, very long time.
【Ena】And you've both already been a huge help just by listening to what's going on between me and Mizuki!
【Airi】Are you sure? In that case, I'm glad...
【Ena】We may not be out of the woods yet, but Mizuki has shown some signs of seemingly feeling better...
【Shizuku】Oh, really?!
【Ena】Yes. I think this other girl in our group said something and ended up having a positive effect...
【Ena】That taught me that I can cheer Mizuki up by just talking about whatever's going on...
【Ena】Everything I did sort of felt futile at first, but now I know that's not actually the case anymore.
【Airi】I see.
【Airi】(Yeah, the difference between knowing and not knowing that is pretty huge.)
【Airi】(As much as I was worried about Mizuki, I was getting concerned over how hard Ena had to try. I'm glad she's been able to make some progress.)
【Airi】By the way, Ena, what are the other people in your group like?
【Ena】Oh, the others? Well, you already know me, the illustrator, and Mizuki, the video editor...
【Ena】But we also have a songwriter and a lyricist.
【Ena】Oh, but the lyricist is also able to write her own songs from scratch too...
【Shizuku】Oh, I had no idea! That's incredible!
【Ena】Yeah, it really is... But she's kind of a pain.
【Airi】Right out with it, huh?
【Ena】What's that supposed to mean?
【Ena】You just don't get it, Airi. She's an enormous pain to deal with!
【Airi】Okay, okay. Care to expand on that a little?
【Ena】Oh, well...
【Shizuku】...?
【Airi】Oh...
【Airi】(I just let my mouth run, huh? Maybe I shouldn't have asked that...)
【Airi】It's okay, Ena. You don't have to answer if you don't want to.
【Ena】No, it's just kinda hard to describe... It's a pretty long story, so maybe next time!
【Airi】Okay, that works too!
【Ena】Um, how about I talk about our songwriter instead?
【Shizuku】Being able to make illustrations and videos is already very impressive, but I'm always amazed by people who can write their own songs.
【Ena】Yeah! Her name's K...
【Ena】K invited me, Mizuki and our lyricist to form a group called Nightcord at 25:00.
【Airi】Oh, so she's like the leader then!
【Ena】Sort of, but K doesn't really see it that way.
【Ena】Anyway, K's unbelievably talented when it comes to songwriting. It's like she really knows how to touch your heart through music.
【Airi】I know what you mean! I've seen a few of your guys' videos, but they really do all have that effect.
【Shizuku】Airi told me about one of your songs as well.
【Shizuku】It was just a roller coaster of emotions, from feeling somewhat sad in the beginning to having a warm blanket wrapped around me in the end.
【Ena】Yes! That's exactly what I'm talking about!
【Ena】K has this power to know what you're feeling or trying to say...
【Ena】When I was going through a huge art slump, she ended up composing something just for me...
【Airi】She must be such a nice person...
【Ena】Yeah, she really is.
【Airi】I'm glad.
【Airi】I'd like to meet this K sometime if I ever get a chance.
【Shizuku】I'd like to as well!
【Ena】Sure, I hope I do get a chance to introduce you to her. Oh, there's this other girl too. She's a bit of a handful, but you might end up meeting her too...
【Airi】A bit of a handful? You have all this respect for K but not her lyricist?
【Ena】Because she's a pain to deal with.
【Ena】I'm sure you'll understand what I mean if you do ever talk to her. On top of that, she has some pretty serious baggage...
【Airi】Baggage?
【Airi】That's not really giving me a clear picture.
【Shizuku】But you seem to enjoy talking about her, Ena. I'm sure she's a good person deep down.
【Ena】What are you talking about?! I do not enjoy talking about her...!
【Airi & Shizuku】Hehe.
【Airi】(As much as I'm interested in her friends, we should introduce her to Minori and Haruka at some point as well.)
【Airi】(That makes four per group... Wow, eight when you put us all together...)
【Airi】(We've come a long way since having only each other to talk to...)
【Airi】(I'm glad we both found some people we really care about. It'd be fun to just chat without a care in the world with them all.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Airi】Alright, let's take another look at the stream we did with the elementary school.
【Minori】Okay!
【Haruka】Normally, we'd be able to look at everybody's comments while we're live...
【Haruka】But that wasn't really possible this time since we needed to focus on making it a special day for the students.
【Shizuku】That's very true. I tried to make sure our viewers could stay involved too, but...
【Airi】All of that included, let's see what we did well and what we didn't do so well.
【Airi】Here we go.
【Minori's Voice】<Nooo... I'm so sorry...>
【Boy's Voice】<No, it's okay. You did your best!>
【Comment】<Aren't you supposed to be cheering them up?> <Yeah, it's okay! lol>
【Shizuku】Oh, they were all saying, It's okay.
【Minori】Haha... I'm glad they enjoyed that, but I'm so embarrassed...
【Haruka】I see some snide remarks peppered in, but it certainly looks like they enjoyed what we did.
【Airi】Yeah. Ever since we did that show with Nanamin, everybody's viewing Minori in a completely different light.
【Airi's Voice】Me again?! Why's everybody coming after me?!
【Airi】(Oh, it's my team against Shizuku's team...)
【Comment】<The way Shizuku runs, it's like she's an angel...> <You can do it, Shizuku!>
【Comment】<Haha! They're all going after Airi!> <They love Airi so much! She's a bigger kid magnet than Shizuku!> <The Wide World of Laughs was where I first saw Airi too.>
【Comment】<She was more of a comedian than an idol on TV, you know?> <She had to be making bank, right?>
【Airi】...
【Airi】(I guess most people still don't see me as a real idol...)
【Airi】(But the past is the past! I just have to keep doing everything I can to establish myself as Airi Momoi of MORE MORE JUMP!)
【Airi】(Especially for Shizuku's sake since she was there for me when I really needed help.)
【Shizuku】...
【Airi's Voice】<Heh heh heh! That won't be enough to catch me...! I still have plenty left in the tank!>
【Airi's Voice】<Watch as I do some... Happy Side Steps!!>
【Minori's Voice】<Oh wow! She's really doing Happy Side Steps!>
【Airi】(I did that because I thought the kids would like it, but I didn't think about how everyone else would react...)
【Comment】<Yes!!> <Whoa! We get to see this live!> <Minori's way into this too! lol>
【Minori】W-W-Wah! L-Look at all the comments...!
【Comment】<This is great! My sides...!> <Yeah! Talk about showmanship!> <This is why Airi's the best!>
【Airi】Oh...
【Shizuku】Did you see that last comment, Airi?! One person said, You're making us all feel Happy! They're even praising your wonderful showmanship!
【Airi】Okay, okay. Calm down, Shizuku.
【Airi】I missed that one about feeling Happy, but I think I managed to get a look at the other ones.
【Minori】B-But there are still so many! I can't keep up!
【Haruka】Me neither. Maybe we should pause the video for a second and switch to the comment viewer.
【Airi】Yeah, sounds good.
【Minori】That last wave of comments was mostly about Airi too.
【Shizuku】Yes. They really enjoyed what you did, Airi.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Wait, Haruka, stop...!
【Haruka】Huh?
【Airi】Sorry. Could you rewind a little? I'd like to see that last comment again...
【Haruka】One second... Um... Here?
【Comment】<Airi, I'm a big fan of yours! We met at a meet and greet one time! I'm watching with my friend who also really loves you!>
【Comment】<I still have that keychain I got during your show too! It's one of my most prized possessions!!>
【Airi】...!
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a001001
【Airi】Hey, that keychain on your bag...
[Sound] bgm00039
【Junior High School Student A】Oh yeah! I bought it when I went to see one of your shows, Airi!
【Junior High School Student B】We're both really big fans, Airi! Look, we have matching colors too!
[Background Change] bg_a000801
【Airi】(Is that them...?!)
【Minori】I know exactly how they feel. All the stuff I bought during shows and events still mean so much to me.
【Haruka】And they all become precious parts of these wonderful memories.
【Airi】Yeah.
【Shizuku】Oh, Airi, did you see this person's comment...?
【Comment】<The stuff they did on that show had to be brutal, but Airi just kept smiling and making us laugh. She really is the best.>
【Airi】Oh...
【Haruka】This one too, Airi!
【Comment】<Airi must have nerves of steel!> <With her, it's anything goes, and she always delivers.>
【Comment】<Airi's definitely #1 for idols I respect most. I mean, she wrestled against a pro!>
【Comment】<She isn't just another cute face!> <Airi forever!>
【Comment】<I had to stay in a hospital and miss school once, but you gave me the strength to recover and go back, Airi!>
【Comment】<Airi's fans seem way more dedicated than regular idol fans.> <You helped me get through entrance exams, Airi!>
【Airi】...
【Airi】(Wow...)
【Airi】(I still reached them, somehow...)
【Shizuku】You're such a wonderful person, Airi.
【Shizuku】You gave all these people hope, courage, strength and the power to move forward.
【Airi】Well, yeah...
【Airi】I'm an idol! That's my job!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Sound] se00005
[Caption] Lunch Break
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D
【Shizuku】Airi, since it's so nice outside today, would you like to have lunch with me in the courtyard?
【Airi】Yeah, sounds good. Oh, hang on. Someone just sent me something...
[Sound] se00004
【Airi】Oh, it's from Haruka...
【Shizuku】Haruka? Did something happen?
【Airi】She says that the principal of that elementary school sent her an email.
【Airi】They also want to present us with a gift from the students but weren't sure where to send it...
【Airi】I knew we'd forgotten something... We don't have anything like that set up yet, do we?
【Shizuku】Do you mean a place where our fans can send us their letters and such...?
【Airi】Yeah. I mean, I appreciate how everyone's been sending us stuff digitally...
【Airi】But this seems like a good opportunity for us to get started on that. Why don't we all discuss this after school?
【Shizuku】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] One week later
【Airi】Alright, we're all here. Let's open the package that the principal sent us.
【Minori】It's not very big, but a lot heavier than it looks.
【Shizuku】Yes, it is. What could be inside?
【Airi】Well, let's open it and find out. Here goes nothing...!
[Sound] se00051
【Haruka】Oh, isn't this the yearbook we made during the event...?
【Airi】Yeah, it is! And there's one for each of us?!
【Minori】That's great! We each get to keep one!
【Haruka】Yes, and I'll let the principal know that we received this later.
【Airi】Okay! Thanks, Haruka.
【Shizuku】Oh, look. It's the group photo we took with all the students.
【Airi】Hehe. They look so happy too! I can't help but smile.
【Haruka】Oh, there's something else. Four envelopes to go with each yearbook it looks like...
【Airi】Yeah, you're right. They have our names on them too. This looks like mine... Here's Shizuku's...
【Shizuku】Thank you, Airi.
【Haruka】Here's yours, Minori.
【Minori】Thanks, Haruka!
【Minori】I wonder what's inside... It feels sort of... Soft...
【Airi】Yeah, it does. Based on its size and how it feels, it could be something made of construction paper...
【Airi】Anyway, let's open them!
[Sound] se00160
【Airi】There... What the...?! These look like... Pink flower petals?!
【Shizuku】Oh, mine were light blue.
【Haruka】I guess they made flowers in each of our colors to act as cushions.
【Minori】Hehe. So that's why it felt so soft!
【Airi】Yeah, and it's such a nice way to cap things off.
[Sound] se00160
【Airi】Oh, there's a thank you card and some fan art by them.
【Minori】Yeah! They're in my envelope too!
【Minori】<Thank you for visiting!> <Your show was really fun!> <We'll win at tag next time, Minori!>
【Airi】That's great! They really crammed as much as they could onto these cards, huh? Oh...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Thank You Card】<Thank you, Happy Everyday! Thank you, Airi!>
[Sound] bgm00039
【Airi】Is it safe to say that our first solo gig was a success?
【Shizuku】Yes, I believe so.
【Haruka】Hehe. I can't help but go through all these messages.
【Minori】Hehe. Me too. I can't wait to read the rest when I get home.
【Airi】Hey, quick suggestion. Mind if we move back the start of practice today by just a bit...?
【Shizuku】Huh?
【Airi】I mean, you want to read what the students wrote, right? Plus, we have a whole yearbook to go through.
【Airi】I think it'd be better if we take the time now to get it out of the way. Then we'll be able to have them in our hearts while we practice. What do you think?
【Haruka】I agree.
【Shizuku】Me too!
【Airi】Alright, then it's settled! And let's get cracking!
【Airi】(A yearbook, fan art, flowers and a thank you card...)
【Airi】(We really reached them. We gave them hope...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000803
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Minori】Anyway, I'll see you tomorrow!
[Sound] se00045
【Haruka】Minori...
【Shizuku】She seemed so disappointed...
【Airi】Yeah, but I'm not sure there's anything we can do about that.
[Sound] se00053
【Minori】I can't believe someone's willing to help us like this! Now, our event might just...
【Haruka】Is this the right way to go?
【Haruka】By agreeing to have this person help us, we'd be making them “work” instead of having fun, no...?
【Haruka】In other words, we'd be forcing our fans to face reality and see what goes on behind the scenes...
【Haruka】I want to do everything in my power to make sure our fans get to enjoy our events as fans.
【Airi】Right. I get what you're trying to say, Haruka...
【Airi】Something about having our fans see the other side of the stage while we try to spread hope from that stage does seem a bit off.
【Airi】The proposal we received really did look professional, so having a person like this helping us with our event could be pretty fun...
【Shizuku】I agree... But I'm also a little worried about some of the things that you just said, Haruka.
【Airi】Yeah. It may not be a big one, but it's still an event. We have to take responsibility for what we do.
【Airi】However, we have to do what our managers used to do for us, including booking a venue, setting a schedule and hiring a staff.
【Haruka】Right. This is going to be our first event, so asking our fans to help us seems...
【Airi】A bit much? We are sort of jumping straight into the deep end here.
【Airi】Not only that, we're freelance idols. We have to plan and prepare everything ourselves.
【Shizuku】Yes, which means...
【Shizuku】We have to keep streaming and doing schoolwork on top of planning for this event.
【Airi】Exactly.
【Airi】But if push comes to shove, we could cut back on streaming to give ourselves more time to prepare for our event.
【Haruka】...
【Airi】Haruka...?
【Shizuku】Is something wrong?
【Haruka】Huh? No, it's nothing...
【Airi】Don't give us that. It's written all over your face.
【Airi】You're worried about Minori, right...?
【Haruka】Yes. It's like all I did was shoot down all of her suggestions just now...
【Shizuku】Haruka...
【Airi】Look, there wasn't much you could do about that. Minori probably understands that we were having a serious discussion and have to look at this from different angles.
【Airi】No, wait, you said what you said because you wanted her to know what's most important about all this, right?
【Haruka】Oh... Yeah, that's right...
【Shizuku】Could it be that you're worried about how to interact with any fans that do end up helping us?
【Haruka】I am. I have a feeling that some situations are going to arise where we're going to have to speak to one another as employer and employee...
【Haruka】And if anything does end up happening during the event, we'd be forcing our fans to share in that burden by being our staff.
【Haruka】I'm afraid that we'll be breaking their hearts instead of inspiring hope.
【Airi】We should probably keep discussing this as a group moving forward.
【Airi】But with more optimism if possible! I have a feeling that we'll miss our mark if we keep thinking in terms of negatives.
【Shizuku】Yes, I agree.
【Haruka】Me too.
【Haruka】Thank you as always, Airi...
【Airi】Huh? Why are you thanking me?
【Haruka】Because you always seem to know exactly what to say in these situations. All I did was say how tough or difficult things will be...
【Airi】Oh, that? I don't think that's actually a bad thing.
【Airi】You always put your fans first, Haruka, and take everything you do as an idol seriously.
【Shizuku】You're willing to take a hard look at things and tell us exactly how you feel about them, right?
【Shizuku】You may sound harsh at times, but I actually have an easy time accepting what you say.
【Shizuku】I'm sure Minori feels the same way.
【Haruka】Oh...
【Haruka】Yeah, you're probably right.
【Airi】(Alright, the four of us are gonna have to keep discussing what to do about this event together.)
【Airi】(Not being able to put on events in real life is gonna severely limit what we can do as a group...)
【Airi】(Which means, we'll just have to come up with a way that lets us do events while spreading more and more hope!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000402
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Classroom
【Airi】Okay, let's do a debrief for our event from the other day!
【Airi】Have you all come up with things that you need to work on moving forward?
【Minori & Shizuku】Yes!
【Haruka】I'm sure we'll overlap on a few things, so why don't we start with a quick rundown of what we have?
【Airi】Sure, let's hear it. What do you feel needs improving from here on out?
【Minori】Oh, we all said that scrambling to get things set up wasn't good.
【Airi】Yeah, why don't we start there?
【Shizuku】I suppose we should think about what caused that all to happen, no?
【Haruka】Yes, I agree.
【Airi】Well, that seems pretty obvious.
【Airi】We had a plan in terms of what to set up in which order, but didn't actually have a good idea of what the venue would be like.
【Airi】That caused our staff to hesitate and even panic a little, so we need to make sure that doesn't happen again.
【Haruka】Also, the walkways in the hall were much narrower than we expected. We lost quite a bit of time having to move equipment through it as a one-way path.
【Shizuku】Yes, we may've been able to prevent that if we had a chance to see the hall beforehand...
【Minori】But it was booked solid until our event, so we couldn't...
【Airi】We got to book this place because of a last-minute cancelation, so we sort of didn't have a choice but to do things on the fly.
【Airi】So moving forward, we'll need to see how wide or accessible the entrances, exits, walkways, breezeways and all that stuff at the venues we book are.
【Haruka】Sounds good.
【Haruka】Okay, next we have... Not having a different leader present to answer questions when Saito is either busy or absent.
【Airi】(We have so much to go over...)
【Airi】(But...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b002002
【Fans】That was really fun! Seeing MORE MORE JUMP! live was so cool!
[Sound] bgm00039
【Fans】I know, right? To be fair, I was pretty scared about what would happen after they started recruiting fans to work as staff... But everything went great!
【Fans】Yeah, I really want to see them again! Maybe I'll join on as staff next time!
[Background Change] bg_a000402
【Airi】(They were all smiling at the end.)
【Airi】(A lot did happen, but we pulled together and succeeded. We need to take this experience and make sure our next event goes even better.)
【Airi】(Besides, it wasn't all gloom and doom!)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Okay, that's everything we need to work on...
【Shizuku】Hehe. So let's talk about what we did well!
【Minori】Yeah! A lot happened, but it ended up being a big success!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Airi】Hey, we're supposed to be talking specifics here.
【Airi】For example, it was pretty miraculous how none of our instructions ended up conflicting with each other...?
【Minori】Conflicting instructions?
【Airi】I'm talking about how some of the equipment could've been taken to different places depending on who said what, like the stage as opposed to the back lot.
【Haruka】I think that has to do with how we exchanged information during our meeting prior to then.
【Airi】Exactly. I think we did a really good job planning out each step of the process and where we need to be careful.
【Shizuku】I was impressed by that as well. That meeting we had really helped illustrate what we needed to do.
【Minori】Yeah, I thought so too!
【Airi】Hehe.
【Airi】See what I mean? There's something else I think we achieved as well. Something pretty big.
【Shizuku】Oh? What could that be?
【Airi】We learned how to interact with the fans who decided to become our staff.
【Haruka】Oh...
【Airi】I'm not saying that we found the answer or anything like that, but I feel like we have a much better idea of what to do now.
【Airi】On a personal level, I think we found a place of understanding and really learned to trust each other.
【Haruka】Trust...
【Airi】Yeah. We're not friends or anything and they're sort of our employees, but we didn't have to be all that formal with one another.
【Airi】We found a way to understand that we're after the same thing and that this event can only succeed if we work together.
【Airi】If having mutual respect for each other means that they don't care how hard we have to work because they believe we'll dazzle them at the end, I want us to go after it.
【Minori】Whoa! That'd be amazing!
【Airi】But that also means we'll have to work even harder than before to actually achieve that!
【Haruka】Airi's right. If we can develop that sort of relationship with them, they might just be able to keep seeing us as idols.
【Shizuku】Yes, so we'll just have to keep doing everything we can to foster that wonderful bond!
【Airi】Yeah, let's keep doing our best, together!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Diner
【Airi】I hereby open the inaugural meeting of our Secret Valentine's Day Alliance! Let's get started, you two!
【Saki & Emu】Yeah♪
【Emu】So what are we gonna talk about today?
【Airi】Our topic today will be “What do you want to bake?”
【Airi】That's based on all the ideas you both told me about at school earlier, remember?
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a002201
【Airi】I see... Saki, you're wondering how to actually surprise everyone, while Emu doesn't know how to make her gifts.
【Emu】Yeah! I wanna make some shiny star cookies, chocolate robots and a cake that looks like a show stage!
[Background Change] bg_a001101
【Airi】So today, I'm hoping that we can use that as a springboard to really figure out what we want to make or bake for Valentine's Day!
【Airi】Which leads me to my next question. Do you two have anything specific in mind already?
【Saki】I mean, Valentine's Day equals chocolates or something chocolatey, right...?
【Saki】But no, I still don't really have a good idea of what to give everyone.
【Emu】Me neither, but I know that I want to make a cake that'll make Tsukasa and the others go, “Wow!”
【Emu】Oh, I also wanna decorate it with lots of other delicious sweets, like chocolates, cookies and macarons!
【Saki】That's a great idea. Then it'd be like a goodie bag of treats!
【Airi】Yeah, that is pretty good!
【Airi】(It'll definitely be enough to surprise everyone, but I still think we can do a little more.)
【Airi】(Also, Saki seems to be better at coming up with an overall theme for surprises like this.)
【Airi】(Oh, but...)
【Airi】(Neither of them seems to have much experience baking sweets, so on top of me helping them out, our base needs to be something we can all make.)
【Airi】(Emu even mentioned something about turning a cake or something into a show stage.)
【Airi】(Then, let's go with...!)
【Airi】Alright, you two, I've got an idea! Mind listening up for a second?
【Saki】Okay! What sort of idea?
【Airi】You two seem to have plenty of ideas for decorations and what you want to do with them, but what if we all had the same base for them?
【Emu】Oh, like a matching trio!
【Saki】Yeah! It also means we'd have Airi there to help us every step of the way!
【Airi】Exactly. Not only will it make this whole process easier, but it'll also be more of a hands-on learning experience!
【Airi】And in the event that one of us makes a mistake, we'd still be able to share ingredients with each other as insurance.
【Emu】Y-You're even prepared for that...?! What if Airi's really a baking goddess in disguise...?!
【Saki】Yeah! That also means she's our goddess!
【Airi】Settle down, you two. I'd really rather not be put on a pedestal like that.
【Airi】Regardless, I was thinking that we could each bake a chocolate cake to serve as a base.
【Emu】Oh, that'd be perfect for Valentine's Day!
【Saki】Yeah, but why chocolate cakes?
【Airi】First, a cake would make what Emu wants to do possible since she'd be able to decorate it pretty freely.
【Airi】Second, we can bounce decoration ideas off of each other.
【Airi】So it's okay that you're still undecided, Saki, since this should at least help you get started.
【Saki】That makes so much sense!
【Airi】However, this is gonna be the most important part.
【Airi】It'll be up to you two to decide how you want to decorate your cakes.
【Saki】Oh... R-Right...! What should I do...?
【Emu】Hehe. I'm gonna decorate my stage with lots and lots of show stuff☆
【Airi】Hehe. Looks like Emu's all set with her “show stage” cake theme.
【Airi】This might be a good time for you to also choose a theme, Saki.
【Saki】A theme...?
【Airi】Yeah. What sort of theme do you think will make your friends the happiest?
【Saki】What would make Ichi and the girls the happiest...?
【Saki】Hmm... Oh, a show!
【Saki】We started playing at live houses recently, so they'll probably really love it if I also made my cake look like a show stage!
【Airi】Yeah, a show's a great idea!
【Airi】Alright, now that we all have a theme in mind, we can start working out the details!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Airi】Alright, let's take everything we discussed today to figure out specific plans for each of our cakes!
【Saki & Emu】Okay!
【Saki】Hehe. We learned so much about baking cakes and sweets in just one day!
【Saki】I always thought cakes had to be round or square. I never knew that you could make them look like hearts or stars!
【Emu】Me neither! I always thought that only patisseries could make those!
【Airi】Hehe. This rabbit hole goes pretty deep. I recommend looking at some baking sites online for reference.
【Saki】I will! And thank you so much for doing all this for us today, Airi!
【Emu】Hehe. Our cakes are gonna be so amazingly wonderhoy because of you, Airi!
【Airi】I'm just glad I could help both of you!
【Airi】But you bring up a good point. Let's make the best chocolate cakes we can and give everyone a Valentine's Day gift that they'll never forget!
【Saki, Emu & Airi】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] Weekend after Valentine's Day
[Caption] Diner
[Sound] se00028
【Rin】<They should be here pretty soon, right...?>
【Airi】Yeah, they just messaged me saying that they're at the station and making their way over.
【Airi】We were able to message each other about how our surprises went, but haven't actually had a chance yet to talk about it in person.
【Rin】<Hehe. That means they're also probably really excited about meeting you today♪>
【Airi】I sure hope so.
【Airi】Oh, I'll leave my phone on top of the table to make sure you can listen in too.
【Rin】<Thanks, Airi♪>
【Airi】You're welcome. After all, you're also a valued member of the Secret Valentine's Day Alliance.
【Airi】And I'm sure you want to hear how their surprises went as well, right?
【Rin】<Yeah! I can't wait!>
【Shop Clerk】Welcome!
【Emu's Voice】Hello! We're here♪
【Rin】<Oh, that must be them! Time to hide, but I'll be listening.>
[Sound] se00170
【Saki】Sorry about the wait, Airi!
【Airi】Oh, you two came together?
【Saki】We ran into each other at the entrance!
【Emu】Hehe☆ But not literally this time♪
【Airi】Hehe.
【Airi】Anyway, have a seat, you two! Let's order some stuff and start celebrating!
【Airi】Alright... Here's to a successful Valentine's Day!
【Airi, Emu & Saki】Cheers!!
[Sound] se00163
【Saki】Thank you so much again for everything, Airi! My surprise went over really, really, really well because of you!
【Saki】Most of all, my friends couldn't believe that I made cookies of each of them!
【Emu】Oh, those cookies! The ones you worked really hard on, and made over and over again?
【Saki】Yeah. I'm really glad that I didn't give up on them.
【Saki】Shiho even thought that I had them specially made. You should've seen the look on her face when I told her that I made them!
【Airi】Really? You surprised cool and calm Shiho that much? Sounds like your surprise was a roaring success!
【Airi】How about you, Emu? Did everyone feel wonderhoy after you unveiled your surprise?
【Emu】Hehe☆ Not just wonderhoy... Super duper funtastically wonderhoy!
【Saki】Super duper funtastically?!
【Emu】Yup! My surprise went so well that I thought I was dreaming!
【Airi】Haha! That means they really must've loved it!
【Emu】They really did! And it's all thanks to you, Airi!
【Airi】You're very welcome.
【Saki】How did your surprise go, Airi?
【Airi】The cake was a hit, but everyone loved the marzipan dolls I made of them most of all.
【Emu】Oh, that's right! Those dolls you made were sooo cute!
【Saki】I know, right?! I couldn't believe how detailed their costumes and faces were! They all looked professionally made...!
【Airi】I can teach you two how to make them sometime if you want.
【Saki】What?! Y-You will...?!
【Emu】Whoa! It's like we can do anything as long as we have Airi around!
【Airi】However, it's not going to be a bed of roses.
【Saki】Wait! I just remembered how Minori said that Airi's a really tough teacher!
【Saki】B-But if it means being able to make stuff like that on my own, then please teach me!
【Emu】Me too! I wanna learn how!
【Airi】That's what I like to hear. Seek me out when you feel you're ready.
【Emu, Saki & Airi】Haha!
【Saki】Still, are you sure about this? I originally got to know you as a fan so...
【Airi】I see. Sure, we started out as an idol meeting one of her fans...
【Airi】But now I feel like things have changed a little.
【Airi】I mean, we go to the same school and you're my juniors, so feel free to ask me for help whenever!
【Saki】Airi...
【Airi】On top of all that, we're all still members of the Secret Valentine's Day Alliance, right?
【Airi】We swore to protect a secret together, Saki, Emu, so I hope we get to hang out more like this as comrades!
【Saki】Yeah, me too...! Again, Airi, thank you so much!
【Emu】Yeah, Airi, you're really the best!
【Airi】Thanks, you two!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002401
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Main Street
[Sound] se00171
【Airi】Rin, the coast is clear.
[Sound] se00028
【Airi】Sorry about that. You didn't really get a chance to do anything other than listen, huh?
【Rin】<No, that's okay! I had plenty of fun just hearing how their surprises went♪>
【Rin】<Getting to see you girls bake was also really great, so let me know if you need any help again♪>
【Airi】Hehe. Thanks. And don't forget to ask for help if you ever need it, alright?
【Rin】<Okay♪>
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】Yes, finally...! Homework's all done!
【Airi】Now I can work on the design for my outfit.
【Airi】An outfit for all of us... For MORE MORE JUMP!
[Sound] se00122
【Airi】Hehe. Yeah, I still want to go with something that screams, “I'm an idol!”
[Sound] se00213
【Airi】For starters... A skirt that blooms open as we dance is a must.
[Sound] se00213
【Airi】What else...? Oh, some lace and ribbons to bring out its cuteness!
【Airi】When I was still in QT...
[Sound] se00316
【Airi】Wait, where'd I put that notebook with all of the outfits I wore back then...? Oh, here it is!
[Sound] se00183
【Airi】I should also look up what other idols wear for reference...
[Sound] se00183
【Airi】Okay, that about does it...
【Airi】Hmm... I sort of just drew whatever came to mind...
【Airi】But it doesn't look original. Someone's gonna say, “I've seen that before somewhere.”
【Airi】(I guess these are just the side effects of trying to design something that screams, “I'm an idol!”)
【Airi】It might be better for me to pick a more concrete theme or set of motifs if I want it to look more original.
【Airi】Hmm... What kind of theme would suit us best...?
【Airi】What kind of motifs...?
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】Oh...
【Airi】That's it. Clovers...
【Airi】(They symbolize “hope”, “promise” and “love”...)
【Airi】I remember telling Shizuku and the others about this before too.
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a000801
【Airi】“To become idols who can spread hope to others.” “To promise never again to forget that feeling.”
【Airi】Also, “To show our idol-loving fans just how much we care about them.”
【Airi】That's what I think the three leaves on these clovers represent.
【Minori】Whoa! That's so beautiful!
【Haruka】Yes, it is. We'll need to work hard to achieve all of the things you just listed.
【Shizuku】Yes, we will.
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】If I recall correctly, those outfits were born out of our thoughts and feelings.
【Airi】Hope, promise and love...
【Airi】Come to think of it... Clovers kinda look like hearts too.
【Airi】Hearts...
【Airi】Yeah! This might just work...!
【Airi】Especially since hearts are what idols are after!
【Airi】Not only that, I'm... Lovely! Fairy! Airi!
【Airi】Alright, I'll use hearts as a motif for my design!
【Airi】Hehe. More than that. It's gonna be all about hearts!
[Sound] se00213
【Airi】I know. What if I made it so the skirt sort of turns into a heart as we're dancing?
【Airi】Oh, it can throw a big heart on the back too.
【Airi】Hm? But it might make more sense if it were front and center on the bust.
【Airi】Hmm...
【Airi】(It's getting pretty late. It might be better to just think about where I'm going with this and pick up where I left off tomorrow...)
【Airi】Forget it! I'm just gonna draw everything that comes to mind instead of worrying over if it's right or not!
【Airi】I don't care if I have to work into the night. A part of me is telling me that I won't get a chance like this again.
【Airi】Alright, let's start with a big heart on the back!
[Sound] se00213
【Airi】It should look super cute whenever we turn around during a dance routine. Also...
【Airi】F-Finished...!
【Airi】For now, I've managed to cram everything that came to mind into this design!
【Airi】Mhm... *Yawn*
【Airi】Whoa! It's already past two?!
【Airi】This should be more than enough for tonight.
[Sound] se00030
[Background Change] bg_a000000
【Airi】Good night...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Classroom
【Airi】Alright, you guys! We're gonna see how our outfits are coming along today!
【Minori】Yay! I can't wait to see how they're looking!
【Shizuku】I hope the design I sent wasn't too confusing...
【Airi】Really? I thought it was pretty easy to follow.
【Haruka】The ones in charge of putting them together sent us a reply last night, so let's go over each point while keeping your concerns in mind, Shizuku.
【Shizuku】Yes, I'd like that!
[Sound] se00183
【Airi】Let's start with our lead dressmaker...!
【Airi】Here we are... <Hello, everyone from MORE MORE JUMP!>
【Airi】<I'll be handling Airi's outfit and I'm beyond ecstatic about being given this opportunity!>
【Airi】<I'm only able to provide a sample of what's to come right now, but I honestly can't stop grinning knowing that Airi's going to be wearing this outfit.>
【Airi】<And thank you for sending over such a well-annotated design. It was very easy to follow.>
【Airi】<I'll be putting everything I have into this to make sure you're satisfied with the finished product.>
【Airi】Sounds like you have nothing to worry about, Shizuku.
【Shizuku】Yes, I'm glad they understood everything.
【Minori】Especially since you took the time to redraw it a few times to make sure they'd see what you were thinking.
【Haruka】Also, being able to work on your favorite idol's outfit must be a huge source of motivation.
【Airi】Yeah, we have Minori to thank for that!
【Minori】Hehe!
【Shizuku】Hehe.
【Airi】Alright, let's see what the others said!
【Airi】Phew. That should be all of them.
【Haruka】Looks like they're all progressing nicely.
【Minori】Yeah!
【Minori】And they're gonna send over their samples once they're done, right?
【Shizuku】Yes. We'll need to see for ourselves whether or not they actually fit or match our designs.
【Shizuku】After we've checked everything, we'll start having them sew on the decorations and other accessories.
【Haruka】Which by no means will be easy.
【Haruka】We're not exactly professional designers, so I have a feeling that we'll have to learn some things for the first time as we go.
【Shizuku】I agree. We should make it clear that they're always free to ask us for help or suggestions.
【Airi】Yeah. Oh...
【Minori】Is something the matter, Airi?
【Airi】I forgot to read the postscript for that last email.
[Sound] se00183
【Airi】Let's go through it now.
【Airi】<P.S. Thank you for the blueprint you so kindly attached. I had no issues understanding everything.>
【Airi】<I really appreciate how it provides diagrams for the design process and describes why each part is designed the way it is...>
【Airi】<I know exactly what I need to do because of it and believe everything should go smoothly.>
【Haruka】Come to think of it, the others also responded with similar comments.
【Minori】A blueprint...? Like for a sewing pattern...?
【Shizuku】Yes, that's right.
【Shizuku】I held a video conference with everyone involved before they got started on their assignments...
【Shizuku】But it turned out that some of them had never made a pattern out of just a sketched design before.
【Shizuku】So, I decided to take this opportunity to try making my own blueprints.
【Airi】And Mizuki was there to help, right?
【Haruka】Mizuki...? Oh, you mean...
【Airi】Remember? We met at the Fan Festival when we went to see Minori and when we were shrine maidens for New Year's.
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a002506
[Background Change] bg_a000401
【Shizuku】Mizuki's so talented at designing dresses and other clothes, and has all these different fabrics and materials at home. I even learned about all these handy websites.
【Airi】Oh, that's right... One of them lets you upload your own designs and automatically create sewing patterns based on that.
【Minori】Uploading your own designs?! When did you learn to do that, Shizuku?!
【Airi】Oh, that wasn't her...
【Minori】Huh?
【Shizuku】The truth is, I had Mizuki help me with most of that...
【Shizuku】Yes, it can make patterns for you. However, I had no idea how to edit or adjust them...
【Shizuku】I wrote down how to do all of that... So I'm hoping that I can learn to do everything myself for next time.
【Airi】Alright, let's turn that frown upside down. I'm here to help if you ever need me.
【Shizuku】Right! Thank you, Airi.
【Airi】We'll need to thank Mizuki later. Everyone involved in making our outfits too.
【Haruka】Yes, we do. But we still don't really have much to offer in terms of compensation...
【Shizuku】They all said that they're putting everything they have into our outfits, so it'll have to match that somehow.
【Minori】Yeah! We'll have to come up with something that they'll all be happy with.
【Airi】In that case, why don't we make that tonight's homework assignment?
【Airi】Our outfits are coming along nicely, so we should take this opportunity to think about the other things on our plates.
【Shizuku】I agree♪
【Minori】Me too!
【Haruka】We have a day set aside to discuss what we'll be doing for our stream, so why don't we talk about our ideas then?
【Airi】Yeah, sounds good!
【Airi】Alright, that settles that... Time to make today's practice really count!
【Minori, Haruka & Shizuku】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] The day before Airi's birthday
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Airi】Alright, looks like tomorrow's birthday stream's all set to go!
【Minori】Hehe. I'm really looking forward to your birthday stream.
【Shizuku】Me too! Especially since it means we get to celebrate your birthday with all our fans, Airi.
【Haruka】I'm also excited. Oh, speaking of celebrations...
【Haruka】Isn't it about time you headed back to class, Airi?
【Airi】Huh?
【Haruka】We don't have school tomorrow, remember? So, everyone brought their birthday presents for you today.
【Minori】Oh, you're right! Airi, we need to hurry!
【Shizuku】Yes, let's go! I'm sure they're all waiting for you!
【Airi】Why are you two getting so worked up?
【Airi】Still, Haruka's right. Let's go.
[Background Change] bg_a000601
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy
[Sound] se00188
【Shizuku】Airi, look! They're all lined up outside of your class!
【Airi】Oh wow. I wasn't expecting anything like this to happen...
【Student A】A-Airi... I mean, Momoi! Th-Th-This is for you! Happy birthday!
【Student B】This is for you too! W-Would you be willing to accept...?
【Airi】Thanks! Of course I accept!
【Airi】Sorry for making you all wait like this. It's been getting a little warmer lately, but wasn't it cold out in the corridor?
【Student A】No, since we know you practice every morning! A-Also, I was so excited that the cold didn't bother me at all!
【Airi】Really? Hang on... Yeah, your hands are freezing. Be careful not to catch a cold or anything, okay?
【Student A】W-We're shaking hands...!! Thank you for being so thoughtful! I absolutely promise not to get sick!
【Airi】Hehe. That's the spirit. But make sure to warm back up when you get back to class.
【Student A】I will! Thank you very much.
[Sound] se00097
【Student B】H-Happy birthday, Airi! I wasn't able to make it to any of your events or meet and greets, but I've been a fan of yours since you were in QT!
【Airi】You've been a fan that long...? Alright, here's a little reward!
【Airi】Lovely☆ Fairy☆ Airi... Momoi!!
[Sound] se00089
【Student B】Th-The Airi pose!! In-person too...! Thank you so much!
[Sound] se00170
【Shizuku】Oh, Saki. Are you here to give Airi a present too?
【Saki】Yes! As her fan, I felt that I absolutely need to celebrate her birthday!
【Emu】Me too♪ Especially since Airi helped us out so much for Valentine's Day☆
【Airi】Hey, Saki, Emu! Thanks for coming!
【Saki】It's our pleasure! At the very least, you've given me so much hope that I want to give back somehow!
【Emu】Hehe☆ I've prepared a song that's guaranteed to put a smile on your face, Airi!
【Airi】You have?! Does this mean you're gonna sing it for me right here?
【Emu】Of course!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Emu】I present you... “The Invincible Smiling Idol☆”...!
[Sound] se00180
[Sound] bgm00128
【Shizuku】(Airi seems so happy.)
【Shizuku】(Especially since...)
[Sound] se00053
[Sound] bgm00128
[Background Change] bg_a000803
【Haruka】Airi hardly ever talks about her own past, so it's easy for us to believe that she isn't bothered by it anymore. But I guess it still does in some small ways...
【Haruka】When she was on all those variety shows, losing her identity as a proper idol just kept weighing down on her.
【Shizuku】But some time ago, when she was about to change agencies...
【Shizuku】She told me that she feels like she hasn't been able to deliver anything to anyone as an idol.
【Shizuku】I tried to cheer her up by saying that's not true, but it didn't help much in the end...
[Background Change] bg_a000601
【Shizuku】(She's been working so hard to be that idol who can spread and inspire hope in others.)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a003901
【Airi】Heh heh heh! The Masked Variety Idol will always be there to help those who try their very best!
【Airi】Whenever you feel down and out, come and see me! I'll help cheer you up and see how wonderful tomorrow is going to be!
【Shy Girl】Okay! Thanks, Happy Everyday!
【Shy Girl】Oh, also...
【Shy Girl】I really like you as an idol too! You're the best, Airi!
[Sound] bgm00128
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000601
[Sound] se00170
【Shizuku】I'll go put all the presents you've received on your desk, Airi.
【Airi】You will? Thanks, Shizuku!
【Shizuku】(They all love you just this much, Airi.)
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Sound] bgm00024
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】Oh, more kitty goods! Hehe. I guess they all know that I have a soft spot for cats!
【Airi】(They must've spent a lot of time wondering, “What would she like the most?”)
【Airi】(It's gonna take some time, but I should start writing thank you cards for everyone.)
[Sound] se00004
【Airi】Huh? A message from Ena...? Mizuki too?
[Sound] se00183
【Ena】<Happy birthday, Airi!>
【Ena】<Mizuki and I were talking on Nightcord, and decided to send you messages just as the clock struck midnight. Sorry if we woke you up.>
【Airi】(Hehe. That reminds me of how she used to do this for me in junior high whenever my birthday rolled around.)
【Airi】Let's see what Mizuki said...
[Sound] se00183
【Mizuki】<Happy birthday, Airi!>
【Mizuki】<Ena got all worked up about celebrating your birthday sooner than anyone else and I decided to join the fun♪>
【Mizuki】<We tried sending them on the count of three, but I'm wondering if Ena didn't jump the gun.>
【Airi】Hehe. Oh, those two. Anyway, I'll reply to Ena first...
【Airi】<All good. I'm still up. This reminds me of when you did this for me when we were in junior high.>
【Airi】Hehe. Also...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000901
[Sound] song00004_off_f
[Caption] Airi's birthday
[Caption] Shizuku's Room
【Shizuku】Welcome to Airi's birthday stream♪
【Minori & Haruka】Yay!
【Comment】<It's showtime!> <Airi, happy birthday!> <I waited so long for this day!>
【Shizuku】Look, Airi! Our fans have been waiting to celebrate your birthday with you.
【Airi】Yeah, wow. Thanks for all the thoughtful comments, you guys!
【Haruka】Alright, why don't we start off with our special segment? Take it away, Minori.
【Minori】Okay! “Let's Bake a Birthday Cake in Real Time!”
【Minori】We'll be baking a birthday cake for Airi completely from scratch, including the base and everything!
【Comment】<Hey, that sounds awesome!> <Whoa! A legit birthday cake for Airi!!> <Airi's a great cook, so this should be easy, right?>
【Shizuku】However, Airi's the star of today's show, so she'll be in a more advisory role as she commentates throughout the process.
【Comment】<What?! No Airi?!> <Seriously? No, you'll be fine! You still have Haruka!> <Don't mix up the salt for sugar, Minori.>
【Minori】I won't! I'm gonna check before I even touch them!
【Shizuku】Anyway, shall we get started? Let's do our best, Minori, Haruka.
【Minori & Haruka】Yeah!
【Airi】(With me advising as I commentate.)
【Airi】These three will be tasked with baking a birthday standard! A shortcake!
【Airi】Aside from the stuff that needs to be prepped in the kitchen, you guys should be able to see everything that goes on here.
【Minori】Starting with spreading some flour around! Gently... Don't let it fly anywhere... Tap, tap, tap...
【Airi】Minori, this is gonna take an eternity if you're that gentle with it...
【Airi】Just tap while keeping your other hand steady. Also, you shouldn't hold it so high, or that far from yourself.
【Haruka】Good catch, Airi. You can do it, Minori.
【Minori】Okay, I'll keep trying!
【Haruka】Alright, we'll be whipping up the meringue for the cake.
【Shizuku】Yes, so... Crack each egg and use one of the shells to hold just the yolk...
【Airi】Hey, not bad.
【Shizuku】Hehe. I actually practiced doing this beforehand just in case.
【Airi】Wait, you practiced this?
【Minori】Oh, Shiho even said, “We've been having some sort of egg dish every night lately.” Is it because you were practicing this technique?
【Shizuku】Oh, um...
【Shizuku】I started having so much fun that I went a little overboard and ended up using every egg we had in our refrigerator...
【Comment】<Oh dear...> <C'mon Shizuku lol.> <This is why Shizuku's the best! She never cuts corners!>
【Haruka】I can already see you doing what you just described.
【Airi】Same. Along with the look on your mom's face after she realized what you've done...
【Minori】Haruka! Shizuku! I'm all done with the flour. I'll go get the strawberries ready now...
【Shizuku】Oh, I should use this chance to go warm the butter in the microwave...
【Haruka】Thanks. I'll start using the hand mixer to make the meringue.
【Airi】(They're actually doing pretty well for themselves. I can't wait to see the finished product!)
【Minori】I-It's done!! Airi's birthday cake!
【Comment】<Whoa! This shortcake looks amazing!> <The strawberries are so pretty!> <A++! Nice work, you guys!>
【Haruka】Hehe. This turned out better than I expected too.
【Shizuku】I agree! Alright, Airi, it's time to cut the cake♪
【Airi】This isn't a wedding... Also, doesn't that sort of imply I'll be cutting the cake with someone?
【Minori】Oh, the four of us should cut it together! It'll be our way of saying, “Let's do our best!”
【Haruka】Good idea! What do you think, Airi?
【Airi】Yeah, I'm in! You three put your hands on top of mine!
【Minori】Okay!
【Airi】Thanks for going through the trouble of baking an actual birthday cake for me like this.
【Airi】And to all our fans who are watching, thanks for always being there to give MORE MORE JUMP! your support.
【Airi】The four of us are gonna keep doing everything we can to spread hope to all of you!
【Airi】And with that promise in mind... Let's cut this cake!
【Minori, Haruka & Shizuku】Yeah! Yes!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Sound] bgm00006
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Rin】Mmm...! This cake's so good!
【MEIKO】Yes, it is. I can't believe you made this yourselves, girls.
【KAITO】It's so warm, but also sweet and gentle.
【Len】Yeah. Is it because they all made it while having Airi in their thoughts?
【Luka】Hehe. I believe so. Mmm... This really is delicious♪
【Miku】Thank you for sharing this cake with us, girls! We really appreciate it!
【Minori】Hehe. You're very welcome!
【Airi】This cake also symbolizes our vow to keep spreading hope to everyone.
【Airi】This won't be our first time, but we'd like to say again that we're not gonna give up.
【Miku】Yes, I see. Understood. We'll hold you to your word.
【Miku】Right, everyone?
【Rin】Yeah! We'll all be rooting for you girls, Airi!
【Luka】Yes, so please feel free to ask us for help if you ever think you need it♪
【Len】Alright, why don't we take this opportunity to once again wish Airi a happy birthday?
【KAITO】Yes, let's. Happy birthday, Airi!
【Miku & Co.】Happy birthday!
【Airi】Thanks, you guys!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000058
[Sound] bgm00097
【Saki】<Airi! Happy birthday! I hope you get a chance to use the oven mitts I got you! Alright, Shiho, you're up♪>
【Shiho】<Thank you for always being there to look after my sister, Momoi. I'm not sure how I can repay this debt, but please ask me for any help regarding her if you ever need it...>
【Emu】<Happy birthday, Airi☆ I'm glad you liked the song I wrote for you♪ If you ever need a pick-me-up, just ask and I'll sing for you!>
【Mizuki】<Heya, Airi! How would you feel about us throwing a party for you sometime soon? Ena's already super hyped about it, so let us know, okay♪>
【Ena】<Hey, I was gonna tell her about that! Anyway, Airi, happy birthday. I want to throw a real party for you, so please, if you're free! I beg you!>
【Akito】<Happy birthday, Momoi. I know Ena's already a handful and this business about a party's probably gonna be a huge... Ow!>
【Minori】<Airi! Thanks for being such a great dance teacher! I was so happy when you told me that I'd improved so much! I promise to keep trying my best!>
【Haruka】<Your experience with variety shows is so vital to making our streams fun and exciting. Happy birthday. We'll be counting on you moving forward.>
【Shizuku】<Happy birthday, Airi! Our cake turned out well and we got to celebrate with our fans. I couldn't be happier for you.>
【Shizuku】<I know we still have a lot to do for our next event, but let's keep doing our best as we work with our fans!>
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Airi】Thanks for joining me today to celebrate my birthday, you guys!
【Airi】Given that our first real-life event succeeded, it feels like we're actually back on track as idols now.
【Airi】We're still not sure when our next event's gonna be, but we promise to make it something spectacular!
【Airi】But we're gonna need your support to make that a reality, so we'll be counting on you guys moving forward!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Miku】Great practice, everyone♪
【Everyone】Great practice!
【Len】We're meeting up for another practice tomorrow, right?
【Minori】Yeah! We'll be looking forward to it!
【Haruka】Oh, that reminds me. Minori and I may be the only ones joining you guys.
【Airi】Yeah, sorry about that. Shizuku and I were asked to do some modeling work on short notice.
【Len】Huh? Modeling work?
【Luka】That's so wonderful. What are you going to be modeling?
【Shizuku】Hehe. Believe it or not, a bride.
【Miku】Wow! Does that mean you get to wear a wedding dress?
【Luka】Oh, that's even more wonderful♪
【Airi】It does. I can't wait either since Shizuku's gonna look absolutely astounding in a wedding dress!
【Luka】You'll be wearing a dress too, right, Airi?
【Airi】I will. But I'm going to be playing a bridesmaid, so my dress won't be nearly as extravagant as the wedding dress.
【Miku】Wait, what's a bridesmaid?
【Airi】Someone who assists the bride. It's a traditional role that traces its roots back to Europe during the middle ages.
【Airi】Originally, they wore dresses similar to that of the bride to ward off and confuse any evil spirits that envied her happiness.
【Miku】Oh wow. That's really cool. I didn't realize they're supposed to protect the bride against evil spirits...!
【Airi】Hehe. I know, right?
【Airi】But nowadays, they just fix the hem of the bride's dress, take care of the bouquet or keep her ring safe until the exchange.
【Miku & Luka】Whoa!
【Minori】Wow, a bridesmaid...
【Minori】The bride's wonderful and all, but it's gotta be really satisfying to be there for her as one of her bridesmaids during her happiest moment!
【Airi】Definitely. And I'm gonna do my best since you personally asked for me, Shizuku!
【Shizuku】Thank you, Airi!
【Shizuku】But I'd like to see you in a wedding dress as well, Airi.
【Airi】What? Me? I really don't think I'd be able to pull one off.
【Shizuku】No, I disagree!
【Luka】She's right. I'm sure you'd look absolutely adorable♪
【Airi】Adorable...?
【Airi】Hmm... I mean, I've always wanted to try wearing one, but I honestly can't imagine how I'd actually look...
【Minori】In that case, we could look up some dresses online while imagining how she'd look in them! I'm sure we'll have plenty of search results to choose from!
【Shizuku】I agree! By doing that, we should be able to find the perfect wedding dress for Airi♪
【Miku】Oh, that sounds fun! I'd like to help.
【Luka】Yeah, me too♪
【Airi】W-Wait, you guys, slow down!
【Len】It sounds like they're all really interested in seeing how you'd look in a wedding dress, Airi.
【Haruka】Aren't you also just a little bit curious?
【Airi】Huh? I mean, yeah...
【Len】Alright, it'll be fun to see what kind of dresses they end up choosing for you.
【Airi】Yeah, it sure will.
【Len】And we'll also join in on the fun and search for the perfect wedding dress. Right, Haruka?
【Haruka】Hehe. Yes, let's.
【Airi】Wait, you guys too?!
【Minori】Oh, Haruka, Len! Look at this dress! I think it looks really nice...!
【Miku】The base color's white, but the frills and ribbons are just ever-so-slightly colored.
【Haruka】Oh, that is nice. It's such a cute design.
【Len】It really is. It'll go great with Airi's bright personality. I guess that means a dress with a few colors in it would be better than one that's purely white!
【Airi】They're getting more excited about this than the person who's ultimately supposed to wear it.
【Shizuku】Oh, Airi, wanna see it too? It really is an adorable dress!
【Airi】Okay, okay, I'm coming.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
[Sound] se00104
【Shizuku】Thank you for waiting, Airi. I'm sorry for cutting it so close.
【Airi】You're not late or anything, so you don't have to apologize. Anyway, did everything go okay at home?
【Shizuku】Yes, that's all been settled.
【Airi】Alright, that means we're free to enjoy this exhibit! Oh, did you make sure to bring your ticket?
【Shizuku】Of course! I've been holding onto it since before I went to sleep last night to ensure that I didn't forget it♪
【Airi】Before you went to sleep? I'm actually kinda surprised that you didn't lose it...
【Shizuku】Hehe. I kept it safe. Also, I've been looking forward to this since hearing that Ms. Kawasaki's photo of us would be on display.
【Airi】Right, since the entries that won awards from the photo contest she entered into are being showcased during this exhibit.
【Airi】But the theme was “happiness”... What do you think the other winning entries are gonna be like?
【Shizuku】Oh, Airi, why don't we make some predictions on our way over?
【Airi】Yeah, that sounds fun! Let's do that!
【Shizuku】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001001
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Airi】That exhibit was better than I expected!
【Shizuku】Yes, it was. The sheer number of photos on display was so astounding too.
【Airi】Yeah! Some other people went with wedding scenes, like Ms. Kawasaki, but I was surprised by how many pictures of animals there were.
【Shizuku】Hehe. The one with the big dog lovingly watching over that little newborn really left an impression on me.
【Airi】The way it gazed at that baby was so gentle too. It was just so heartwarming.
【Airi】Hehe. Those pictures capture many different kinds of “happiness”, but I've gotta say, the ones of families topped them all.
【Shizuku】Yes, everyone in those photos looked like they couldn't be happier.
【Airi】Oh, speaking of pictures of families, one really stuck out to me.
【Shizuku】Oh, which one?
【Airi】Hehe. I'm sure you remember, Shizuku.
【Airi】The one where the dad has his two kids sat on his lap while they all cheer and wave glow sticks as they watch a DVD of an idol concert together.
【Airi】And I really loved the title. “Calling All Fans!!”
【Shizuku】Yes, I remember! The three of them had such adorable smiles on their faces!
【Airi】Yeah, they did. Not only that, their living room was covered wall to wall with idol merch.
【Airi】They must be serious fans since I noticed that they had some limited edition stuff.
【Shizuku】They did? I saw that they had quite an assortment of merchandise, but I didn't realize some of those things were limited edition.
【Airi】Heh heh. There's a reason I research idols, you know?
【Airi】Also, I couldn't help but take a closer look since it really made me happy.
【Shizuku】Happy?
【Airi】Yeah. I mean, they're following idols as a family. Isn't that great?
【Airi】Just think about it. That means we could also be making an entire family smile like this.
【Shizuku】You're right! That'd make me so happy if we have!
【Airi】Exactly!
【Airi】And when those kids are big enough, they might even get to go see some shows together!
【Shizuku】Oh, that sounds so wonderful!
【Shizuku】By the way, do you think it was the mother who took this photo?
【Airi】Yeah, I've gotta think it was someone from that family.
【Airi】You really can't capture these sorts of happy and heartwarming moments unless you're a part of that family, you know?
【Shizuku】Yes, I agree. When I saw that photo, the image of the person taking it having just a big smile on their face popped into my head.
【Airi】*Sigh* We really got to see some incredible works today. I couldn't be more satisfied.
【Shizuku】Me neither. That exhibit really reminded us that happiness comes in all shapes and sizes.
【Airi】Yeah!
【Airi】Hehe. And as idols who want to spread hope, we have to keep doing our best to get others to feel what we did today!
【Shizuku】Right! The four of us, together!
【Airi】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] Rehearsal Studio
【Airi】That should be enough practice for today. Make sure to stretch later, okay?
【Minori】I'm exhausted! And so hungry...
【Shizuku】Hehe. How about we stop by somewhere on our way back?
【Minori】Oh, I'm up for that!
【Airi】Just don't eat too much. Also, I'd like to head home now to think of ideas for our training camp.
【Haruka】Airi... Are you sure you don't want us to help?
【Airi】Yeah, I'll be fine. I'm right in the middle of refining things down.
【Minori】Oh, I'm so excited for our training camp! I can't wait to hear about what we're gonna do!
【Shizuku】By the way, Airi, have you finalized anything yet?
【Airi】Well, yes and no... Either way, you'll just have to wait until then to find out.
【Minori】Huh? We have to wait until the day of? Not until you've made a decision?
【Haruka】Is that because we'll react more genuinely during our stream...?
【Airi】Precisely!
【Airi】One more thing. There's something that I want you to start thinking about, Minori.
【Minori】Huh? Me?
【Airi】Yeah.
【Airi】Haruka, Shizuku and I all have a lot of experience being on TV and stuff.
【Airi】As such, we know that things don't always go according to the script and have learned how to handle unforeseen situations.
【Airi】However, Minori, you don't have much experience with that, so to you, it's easier said than done, right?
【Minori】Right... I probably wouldn't know what to do.
【Airi】So, for this training camp, I want you to arrive having not practiced or rehearsed.
【Airi】Simultaneously, I simply want you to expect the unexpected.
【Minori】U-Understood! But am I really gonna be okay...
【Haruka】I think so. You'll need to know how to handle those sorts of situations for our solo show.
【Shizuku】I agree. Not only that, it's our own stream, so you probably don't need to worry about causing any trouble.
【Airi】My thoughts exactly. We don't get many opportunities like this, so let's make the most of it!
【Minori】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】Alright, now that I've finished doing my homework, I can get back to working on stuff for our training camp.
[Sound] se00042
【Airi】(In terms of segments, these should do nicely.)
【Airi】(And I'm so glad that I asked MEIKO for some advice. They've become really fun as a result.)
[Sound] se00042
【Airi】However, our stream this time around's gonna be pretty long... We'll need to do what we can to keep our viewers interested throughout.
【Airi】I also need to figure out where we're actually gonna go and what sort of equipment we'll be using.
【Airi】Nanamin's agency took care of that for our Christmas event, but this time, we have to take care of all of that.
【Airi】Hmm...
【Airi】I could conceivably handle that, but it might be nice to have an advisor of sorts...
【Airi】Someone with a lot of experience working on variety shows, shooting on location and taking care of all the right paperwork...
【Airi】I know...! I can ask the scriptwriter I used to work a lot with! The one from The Wide World of Laughs!
【Airi】I remember hearing that they decided to settle down and work for a regional TV station.
【Airi】If I can get them to lend me a hand...!
【Airi】Alright, here goes nothing!
[Sound] se00001
[Sound] se00007
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] The next day
【Airi】Oh, I got a reply to that email I sent yesterday...
【Airi】Let's see... <Momoi, it's been so long. About the thing you asked me about...>
【Airi】<If it's alright with you, I'd like to help out>...!
【Airi】Thank goodness! Now I can hear what a professional thinks.
【Airi】Oh, they even made sure to quote me for their consultation.
【Airi】(This must mean they're really looking at what we're doing as professionals.)
【Airi】(Regardless of the fact that we're freelancers...)
【Airi】To be fair, we're talking about a person that said, “It doesn't matter if someone's a rookie idol or a comedian who's yet to find fame. They're all professionals in my mind if they appear on TV.”
【Airi】That sort of came with the condition that you provide good reactions or can say something interesting... But it was always worth putting in the effort.
【Airi】Hehe. That really takes me back...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a003401
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】Looking back, that person always came up with ideas that were just tough enough for me to wonder whether or not I could handle them.
【Airi】And they didn't have to make us fail on purpose or come up with a surprise. They were designed in a way that something interesting would always happen.
【Airi】In terms of what we'll be doing, renting out a public pool and trying to cross a floating obstacle course was kinda similar...
【Airi】Also, I didn't get to try all of the things they came up with, so I could use those for reference.
【Airi】(When I was still appearing on variety shows, I was told a lot of not-so-nice things and felt really awful at times...)
【Airi】(But I also got to meet a lot of great people and get to work with them again like this.)
【Airi】Hehe. It just goes to show that it's important to enjoy the process.
【Airi】So, I should start by sending them a reply!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003803
[Sound] se00225
[Caption] Beach
【Haruka】Thanks for waiting, everyone! We still have plenty of things planned for you to enjoy.
【Airi】That's right. And tonight, we'll be doing...
【Shizuku & Minori】“MORE MORE JUMP! Before Bedtime”.
【Airi】We all worked super hard today, so now, we'll be having a nice, little chat.
[Sound] se00225
【Shizuku】It's so serene. I can hear the waves very clearly. And the sea breeze feels lovely...
【Minori】Yeah, the stars look really pretty too...!
【Airi】Hehe. We should definitely soak in as much of the scenery as we can since we're down by the sea.
【Airi】Now, as for our talking points... Minori, if you will.
【Minori】You got it!
【Minori】We've been receiving lots and lots of questions, so for this edition of “Tell Us! MORE MORE JUMP!” we'll be answering them as we go.
【Minori】In particular, a ton of you asked...
【Shizuku】“Which personal care products do you all use?”
【Haruka】Quite a few of our fans are girls, so that may explain why we received so many questions regarding this and fashion.
【Airi】Yeah, but fashion will sadly have to wait until another time...
【Airi】For now, we'll be discussing our favorite personal care products while actually putting them to use.
【Comments】<Woohoo! I've been waiting for this!> <Does this mean I can look like Haruka if I use what she does?> <Tell me more! How do idols take care of themselves?!>
【Airi】Then, let's start with Shizuku.
【Shizuku】Okay, I'll be introducing the treatment oil I use for my hair.
【Minori】Oh, I wanna know more about how you take care of your hair! I mean, yours always looks so gorgeous, Shizuku!
【Shizuku】Would you all like to try using it? It has this wonderful fragrance.
【Minori】Thanks! Oh wow... It smells sweet, like vanilla.
【Shizuku】A few of my modeling friends introduced it to me. Apparently, it's used in quite a few hair salons.
【Shizuku】It is a bit more expensive than what you normally see in stores, but this oil is incredible at making your hair really shine. And it feels so wonderful after using it.
【Airi】Y-You're right...! My hair feels so light! It feels so smooth on my fingers!
【Shizuku】Hehe. It's also perfect for winter as it prevents static from building up. I hope you all get a chance to try using it sometime.
【Haruka】Okay, I'll be introducing our next product.
【Haruka】My choice is this body lotion.
【Comments】<What?! I've seen that at the pharmacy!> <I've been using that too!!> <Really? It's so common.>
【Haruka】Hehe. A fairly well-known pharmacy chain carries this, so I'm sure some of you have seen this before.
【Haruka】On top of being a great moisturizer, this lotion possesses certain properties that help protect your skin against irritation.
【Haruka】That, coupled with its relatively low cost per volume means you can use lots of it.
【Minori】I started using it after Haruka recommended it to me. Not only does it not feel wet and sticky, it makes your skin really smooth and soft.
【Airi】Oh, Minori, you use it too?
【Minori】Yeah. Incidentally, the hand lotion I want to introduce is made by the same company!
【Airi】I see. That's the perfect segue, so take it away.
【Minori】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【Airi】That just leaves me! I brought along my beloved muscle roller!
【Airi】Whenever I had to move around a lot or do something athletic for a variety show, I'd use this to loosen up my muscles afterwards.
【Airi】Especially the soles of my feet! This thing really does wonders!
【Haruka】Oh, it's made of wood, but it also feels nice in my hands. Mind if I tried using it, Airi?
【Airi】Yeah, go for it!
[Sound] se00410
【Haruka】Oh, that does feel nice...
【Minori】It does?! I usually massage myself down, but I don't think I've ever used anything like that before!
【Airi】Then, wanna have Haruka use it on you? I'm guessing she's pretty good at this kind of stuff.
【Haruka】Would that be alright, Minori? If so, come here.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】What?! H-Haruka massaging me...? Hehe...
【Airi】Someone's happy.
【Shizuku】Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00101
【Haruka】Okay, Minori, I'm gonna try using it on your feet. Just try to relax for me.
【Minori】Of course.
【Haruka】Alright, here it goes.
[Sound] se00410
【Minori】O-Ow-wow-wow-wow-wow!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00349
【Haruka】Oh, sorry about that. Was that too strong? I sort of went with how I usually massage myself.
[Sound] bgm00015
【Minori】I-I'm okay... You startled me a little is all... Hahaha...
【Shizuku】But you seemed to enjoy it when you were massaging your own feet, Haruka...
【Shizuku】Would you mind trying it on me next?
【Haruka】Sure. I'll go a little easier this time.
[Sound] se00409
【Shizuku】Hehe. That kind of tickles... It's okay if you go a little harder.
【Haruka】Are you sure? Then... Is this good? It's about as hard as I went for Minori just now...
[Sound] se00410
【Shizuku】Oh, that feels wonderful... This is perfect.
【Minori】Wh-What?!
【Airi】Were you hamming it up just now, Minori...?
【Shizuku】Ahh, that was so nice... Why don't you go next, Airi?
【Airi】Me? Yeah, sure. Since we're at it...
[Sound] se00410
【Airi】O-Owwwwww!!
[Sound] se00410
【Airi】H-H-Haruka! S-Stop...!!
【Haruka】Hm? I went pretty easy there just now. Was that too much for you, Airi?
【Shizuku】Oh, could this mean that Minori and Airi's bodies are suffering from something...?
【Haruka】Oh, that's right. They say that the place where it hurts is linked to another part of your body.
【Haruka】And that seemed to be where the big toe joins her foot, as well as the arch... Which means there's possibly something wrong with your neck or organs.
【Airi】Hmm... Is it because I sat at my desk for a really long time while planning for our training camp?
【Minori】That has to be it! You need the most TLC out of all of us, Airi!
【Haruka】I agree. I'm sure you'll feel a little better after I massage that part more.
【Airi】Huh...?!
【Minori】Oh...
【Airi】M-Minori, what have you done...?!
【Minori】Haha...
【Haruka】Don't worry. I'll go a little easier than before, so let me just start from here and...
【Airi】N-No, wait! I'm glad that you want to help, but...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00410
[Background Change] bg_c001703
【Airi】A-Aaahhhhh...!!
[Sound] se00225
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] One month before the solo show
[Caption] Rental Meeting Room
【Airi】Now, about today's meeting...
【Airi】Saito gave me the final layout for the venue the other day, so I'd like to have a discussion about that.
【Minori & Shizuku】Okay!
【Haruka】Here, we can use this space.
【Airi】Okay. Thanks, Haruka.
[Sound] se00122
【Shizuku】So... What's changed?
【Airi】Where the equipment's going to be placed on the right and lefthand sides of the stage. It looks like they're going to be placed more towards the edges.
【Minori】Oh, that means we'll be able to use almost all of the stage!
【Haruka】And it'll make it easier for us to see everyone sitting in those sections.
【Airi】Yeah, the equipment's pretty big too. I like the idea of moving them since they'd sorta dominate the show if you're sitting right next to them.
【Airi】However, going forward with this means we're gonna need to rethink how we perform certain songs.
【Minori】Wait, why?
【Haruka】Oh, that's right... Our second song...
【Shizuku】Our second song? Um... Oh, are you talking about the interlude...?
【Minori】Huh? I still don't get it...
【Airi】It's okay, Minori. Lemme explain how things are gonna go when we're actually on stage.
【Airi】For our first song, we're gonna walk around as much of the stage as we can to get a good look at all of our fans' faces.
【Airi】Do you remember where you're supposed to stand at the end, Minori?
【Minori】Yes! Haruka and I are stage left, and you and Shizuku are stage right!
【Airi】Correct. We'll stay in those positions and sing our second song until its interlude. Then, we'll walk out on stage to look at our fans, and meet back in the middle... Well, that was the plan...
【Haruka】And there lies the problem.
【Minori】Huh? So, this is the part you were talking about just now? About changing where the equipment is gonna be placed and how it'll affect the show?
【Airi】Yeah, changing where they're placed will allow us to use more of the stage. You follow me there, right?
【Minori】Y-Yeah...!
【Airi】Because we'll get to use more of the stage, we'll have to physically travel greater distances.
【Minori】Right, so...! Hm? Hang on...
【Minori】I vaguely remember us talking a while back about trying to travel as much as we possibly could for the second song's interlude...
【Airi】Yes, we did.
【Haruka】As a result of these changes, we can't move as much as we initially planned for this part anymore because otherwise we won't make it in time.
【Minori】Wait, what?!
【Minori】W-Wait! What if we ran instead of walking?! Wouldn't that solve the problem?
【Shizuku】Yes, but it may end up taking away from the dance we'll be doing following the interlude.
【Haruka】Yeah. Especially since our original goal was to conserve our energy, build up some anticipation and stun the audience by performing a fun and dynamic dance routine for them.
【Minori】*Gasp* Y-You're right...!!
【Airi】...
【Airi】This is one of the parts we really focused on and practiced a lot for...
【Airi】However...
【Airi】There's no guarantee that what we want to show is what our fans actually want to see.
【Airi】Given those options, I'll always prioritize the enjoyment of our fans over our own objectives.
【Minori】Th-Then... Do we need to change the dance routine after the interlude?
【Airi】That's the easiest solution... But we need to keep the energy going for the second half of our show, so not changing it would be best.
【Shizuku】I agree. So, why don't we try thinking about what else we can do?
【Minori】Yeah! Like... Changing the way we move during the interlude, maybe?
【Haruka】And seeing exactly how much more space we'll have based on where the equipment is going to be moved.
【Airi】Then, we'll be able to measure how much more time we'll need to travel that extra distance.
【Airi】I know! What if we did this?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【Minori】Wait, you wanna extend the interlude?!
【Airi】Yeah. I'm thinking that we can extend the song by looping a part of the interlude. That should give us the time we need to move around.
【Airi】We'll need to test this to make sure it'll work, but it should be okay since it's not that big a change. Plus, it shouldn't affect the other parts of our show much.
【Shizuku】Yes, and if this works, our dance routine should go just as we initially planned.
【Haruka】It's actually pretty common to extend the interlude for a song to give everyone more time to engage with their fans during shows...
【Haruka】And the fans usually end up enjoying these moments.
【Airi】Then it's settled! I'll ask Saito right away to see if this idea will work.
【Shizuku】Thank you, Airi.
【Minori】Okay, lemme jot that down...
[Sound] se00042
【Haruka】What are you writing, Minori...?
【Minori】Hehe. I'm writing down everything I learned during today's meeting!
【Minori】We made these sorts of adjustments to the performance we did for the fan event, but I always seem to learn something new whenever we go through this process.
【Airi】Hey, that's very studious of you.
【Airi】And it's a good idea too since sudden changes can lead to causing a lot of people a lot of trouble...
【Shizuku】But I'm sure our show will go well after holding discussions like this together.
【Airi】Yeah.
【Airi】And if it means putting smiles on all of our fans' faces, then we gotta do everything we can!
【Minori, Haruka & Shizuku】Yeah! Yes!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Rin】We promise to cheer for you like there's no tomorrow!
【KAITO】I know you're nervous, Minori, but please try to enjoy your very first solo show.
【Minori】R-Right! I really appreciate it, KAITO!
【Minori】I'm gonna do the best I can! I really wanna make the most of my first solo show since I only get one chance to perform in it!
【Shizuku】I suppose it's only natural to feel nervous before your first solo show...
【Haruka】Yeah. But I think what KAITO and the others said helped her with that a little...
【Airi】Yeah, more than a little.
【Airi】But the rest is up to Minori herself.
【Airi】(Considering how much she had to overcome to get here, I'm sure she'll do just fine...)
【Airi】In any case, we should keep an eye on her and come up with a plan for when she's not feeling too great.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] The next day
【Minori】One, two, three, four!
【KAITO】Minori seems to be moving even better than yesterday.
【Airi】Yeah, she is...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】Alright... That's enough for stretches...
【Airi】(We didn't get much time to practice today since we all had to deal with committee stuff...)
【Airi】(But I think that allowed us to focus more on the task at hand.)
【Airi】(And even though Minori looked like a nervous wreck yesterday, she moved today like none of that was bothering her anymore.)
[Sound] se00004
【Airi】Huh...? A message?
【Minori】<I know it's late and I'm really sorry, Airi, but there's something I really need to ask you...!>
【Minori】<Before practice tomorrow, can we do some special training in secret together like we did during our training camp?>
【Airi】Is she talking about...?
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a003802
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】(Based on what I saw today, she seemed to be doing everything that I told her...)
【Airi】(But I guess she's still pretty concerned...)
【Airi】(We don't have much time left until our show, so I am a little worried about her.)
【Airi】<Yeah, of course.>
[Sound] se00183
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Sound] bgm_area00002
[Caption] The next day
[PlaceInfo] Stage SEKAI
【KAITO】Hm? Oh, Airi, Minori, hello.
【Minori】Hello, KAITO, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】You're both here awfully early. I thought you weren't going to practice until much later...
【Airi】Minori asked me to hold a special practice session with her!
【MEIKO】A special...
【KAITO】Practice session?
【KAITO】Hang on. That sounds like...
【MEIKO】Like what they did during their training camp♪
【MEIKO】This sounds like fun. Would you mind if we join in as well?
【Minori】Y-You want to join us? Yes, please!!
【KAITO】Wonderful! What do you need us to do?
【Airi】In that case, would you mind being the audience for us?
【Airi】I'd like you to see if Minori's performance is able to reach the people all the way in the back.
【KAITO】Sounds good! That sounds like fun!
【MEIKO】Alright, we'll head to the seats. Give us the signal when you're ready.
【Airi】Thanks, will do!
[Sound] se00170
【Airi】Now, we need to get ready.
【Minori】Right! I promise to do my best!
【Airi】(Hmm... She doesn't seem nervous right now per se...)
【Airi】By the way, Minori... Do you know if that one fan of yours is gonna be helping with our show?
【Minori】Oh, Yuina? She said she's gonna come see us as a fan this time.
【Airi】Ah, I see.
【Airi】(I've sorta only been looking at the messages Saito's been sending us regarding our show... I really wish I had the time to look at fan mail.)
【Minori】Oh, Hasegawa's gonna be there too! She sent an email saying that she received our invitation!
【Airi】Yeah, we'll need to do our best to make her song shine!
【Airi】(Hmm... She really doesn't seem that worried or nervous...)
【Airi】Oh, what about the invitations for your parents? Have you had a chance to give them theirs...?
【Minori】Of course! My little brother can't make it because he already has other commitments but my parents said they could!
【Airi】That's great! This is gonna be your chance to really dazzle them with your cuteness!
【Minori】Yeah! Hehe. They probably won't know what to do with themselves when they see me performing like a real idol!
【Airi】Haha! What do you mean “like”? You are a real idol!
【Airi】(Where's that nervous wreck I saw the other day? Well, she seems to be in a good place mentally, so I guess I should just let sleeping dogs lie.)
【KAITO】Girls! Does here work?!
【Airi】Yeah! Perfect!
【Airi】Alright, Minori! They're all set! How about you?
【Minori】I'm ready whenever!
【Airi】Okay, let's start our special training session!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002201
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard
[Sound] se00104
【Airi】(Us appearing on TV, huh...?)
【Airi】(I told everyone that we should sleep on it before making a decision, so I should probably step back to reevaluate our situation...)
【???】Airi, wait!
[Sound] se00100
【Airi】Hm? Shizuku? I thought you were going to archery club today.
【Shizuku】I was, but I decided not to go because I wanted to use that time to think about us appearing on TV.
【Airi】I see...
【Shizuku】Would you mind if we talked for a bit on our way home, Airi?
【Airi】Of course I wouldn't. I mean, this problem involves all of us.
【Shizuku】I really appreciate it!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001001
[Sound] bgm00018
【Shizuku】So, Airi, you're for us making this appearance, yes?
【Airi】Yeah. Like I said when we were on the rooftop, I feel that the benefits far outweigh the costs.
【Airi】Also, I think hashing out all the good and bad regarding the media is really important...
【Airi】Haruka doesn't seem to have much experience with that, which may be why she's so apprehensive.
【Shizuku】Right...
【Shizuku】I'm actually a little worried about how they're going to introduce and present Minori...
【Airi】Well, after putting on our solo show, I doubt they're gonna label her an “amateur” or anything like that...
【Airi】Still, there really is a lot that we need to consider...
【Shizuku】Yes, there is...
【Airi】By the way, did you ever meet the old director for The Wide World of Laughs? He worked on a music variety show after that, so I'm pretty sure that you have, Shizuku...
【Shizuku】I remember, but I don't understand what he has to do with our current situation...?
【Airi】So, when I appeared on his show with QT, they really surprised us with the way they edited everything. Our agency couldn't believe it either.
【Shizuku】What?
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Airi】We did a tongue twister game for one segment, and I didn't make any mistakes as they began throwing some curveballs at me.
【Airi】Then, they challenged me with a tongue twister that even some announcers have trouble saying.
【Airi】I was doing just fine until then, but I got so mixed up that it sounded like I was casting a spell for something.
【Airi】At the same time, that's pretty common for TV, right? Someone boasts that a task is gonna be a piece of cake and they end up failing miserably.
【Shizuku】Yes... That seems fairly standard for variety shows.
【Airi】Or so you'd think...
[Background Change] bg_a001001
【Airi】When I saw it on TV, they'd completely left out the part where I did well and only kept the part where I totally messed up.
【Shizuku】Left out...? They cut all of it?
【Airi】Yup. They even left in the talk portions that didn't have to do with the tongue twisters, so I've gotta think what they did was intentional.
【Airi】At the time, neither our group nor our agency could figure out why they edited the show that way.
【Airi】However, I learned something when we were asked to make another appearance.
【Airi】The program was meant to be about challenges, but as it turns out, he wanted to feature people who made mistakes or just barely managed to succeed over the ones who didn't have any trouble.
【Airi】In theory, that makes for a more fun and interesting program...
【Airi】But it became clear that he wanted to shine the spotlight on those who were trying their very best.
【Shizuku】Oh...
【Shizuku】Now that you mention it, he always made sure to praise new members and tell them how good of a job they did.
【Airi】Exactly. And he was someone who really paid attention to people who went the extra mile.
【Airi】While some people may ask you to do crazy things, there are also those who pick up on what you want others to see.
【Shizuku】Yes, that's true...
【Airi】Oh, sorry... I didn't mean to surprise you with this story.
【Airi】My opinion is based on my own lived experience, Shizuku, so you have to come up with your own, okay?
【Shizuku】Yes, I understand.
【Shizuku】Actually, your story reminded me of when I appeared on this one program a long time ago.
【Airi】Really? Go on.
【Airi】After talking about this with you, Shizuku, I kinda want to go back and watch all our old shows.
【Airi】It'd be nice to get back in the groove of all that.
【Shizuku】I'd like to as well. I hope we still have the recordings...
【Shizuku】Oh, I particularly would like to see that tongue twister game you mentioned.
【Airi】Sure, but... Wait, you just want to see the part where I mess up, don't you?
【Shizuku】Hehe. Oh, Airi. You know me too well.
【Airi】Hah, that's cute. You're not gonna fool me so easily.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Haruka】Then, I'll reply to this person's offer before the end of the day.
【Airi】Great, thanks!
【Minori】Wow, we're really gonna be on TV...! We need to tell all of our stream viewers about this!
【Airi】Yeah, we do. We'll probably be meeting with people from the show, so we also need to ask them about how and when we can advertise our appearance.
【Shizuku】Hehe. I'm looking forward to seeing how our fans are going to react.
【Minori】They're not gonna be able to contain themselves! I mean, I'm having trouble already!
【Shizuku】But it's going to be your very first TV appearance, Minori.
【Airi】Yeah, you should start mentally preparing yourself for it as soon as you can.
【Minori】D-Don't worry, I'll do just fine!
【Airi】Oh? Someone feels confident. In that case, why don't we leave all the talking to you?
【Minori】Eep! I didn't mean it like that!
【Haruka, Shizuku, Airi & Minori】Hehe. Haha.
【Minori】Actually... Is there anything we can do right now to start preparing for it?
【Haruka】Well, a few things come to mind... For example, writing down stories.
【Airi】Yeah! You'll never get stuck for words as long as you have some stories about you or someone you know, including hearsay and gossip, jotted down.
【Shizuku】That reminds me of Airi's little notepad. She'd been writing down stories and such in it for quite a long time.
【Shizuku】I sort of couldn't believe what I saw when she showed me what she'd written. It looked like a dictionary.
【Airi】Yeah, I kept running out of things to talk about when I was still doing variety shows. So, I constantly searched for juicy scoops.
【Minori】I see...!
【Airi】Researching who you're going to be appearing with is also important.
【Haruka】Yes, that's incredibly important.
【Haruka】New celebrities in particular tend to only appear alongside their seniors, so it's good to look up when they debuted, what they do and such...
【Minori】*Nod*
【Shizuku】Hehe. It's always nice to hear from others that they know who you are and what you do.
【Airi】It's also important for developing a good relationship with someone. After all, it's hard to tell how long you'll be working with them.
【Airi】To be fair, we still don't know about the other guests we'll be appearing alongside yet.
【Minori】Hehe. They even said that they've invited some guests who've been making headlines lately! How great would it be if we got to know each other really well?
【Shizuku】That may depend on which agency they belong to.
【Minori】What?! Wh-Why?!
【Airi】Sadly, a lot of reasons. Some agencies want to prevent their respective groups from creating conflict with each other.
【Airi】Some groups are famous for being cool or mysterious, so they'll try to stay in character even when the cameras aren't rolling.
【Minori】O-Oh, I see...
【Minori】I don't know about any of these unspoken rules. I'm starting to get a little worried...
【Haruka】That's okay. We'll make sure to teach everything that we think you should know.
【Airi】Right. So, Minori, you can leave all of that to us!
【Airi】We're gonna give you all the advice we can so that people won't forget who you are!
【Shizuku & Minori】Yeah!
[Sound] se00180
【Airi】Okay, maybe that's going a bit too far...
【Airi】I sort of can't help it since it's always how I pumped myself up for variety show appearances.
【Haruka】No, I think we need to have that sort of motivation. I mean, MORE MORE JUMP! is appearing on TV for the very first time.
【Haruka】I also don't have much experience appearing on variety shows, so I might ask you for some more advice, Airi.
【Airi】Oh? Then, I guess I have no choice but to give you all a little seminar about my experiences.
【Minori】You're the best, Airi!
【Airi】Hehe. But above all else, our goal is to have everyone see what MORE MORE JUMP! is really about.
【Haruka】I agree. We'll need to be mindful about that when we go meet with the show staff.
【Shizuku】Right. After all, this appearance will likely greatly affect how the public views us moving forward.
【Minori】Yeah! I still don't know how I'm gonna be able to help us, but I promise to try my best!
【Airi】That's the spirit, Minori! Honestly, you can only plan for so much.
【Airi】Anyway, it's time to practice! Let's get started with some stretches!
【Shizuku, Minori & Haruka】Okay! Yes!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Airi】Alright, I think we've got our new formation totally down!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Haruka】Yeah, and this seems like a good place to stop our morning practice.
【Minori】Okay! Whew, I'm exhausted...
[Sound] bgm00018
【Shizuku】Hehe. You did come here very early this morning to practice, Minori.
【Minori】Hehe. It's been so long since we last practiced on the rooftop that I couldn't help but feel excited!
【Haruka】It did snow a lot recently, which led to it being closed off.
【Airi】Right. Thankfully, we got to practice using one of the stages in SEKAI.
【Haruka】And it's supposed to be sunny all day today, so we should be able to practice up here after school.
【Minori】Really? Yay!
【Airi】Oh, that reminds me. About practicing after school...
【Airi】I was hoping to stop by my club today, so I won't be able to make it today. Sorry, I know this is pretty sudden.
【Shizuku】I see... But it is important to stay active in our various clubs. So, Airi, please have fun!
【Minori】Yeah! We'll handle things here and promise to work extra hard while you're gone!
【Haruka】Hehe. So no need to worry, Airi.
【Airi】Okay, okay. Message received.
【Airi】(But I'll need to make up for the time I'll be losing by practicing on my own later.)
【Haruka】You're in the tea ceremony club, right, Airi?
【Airi】Yeah, that's right.
【Minori】The tea ceremony club... It sounds nice to get to have good tea and have nice snacks to go along with it...
【Airi】Yes, having tea and snacks is a part of the ceremony, but focusing on that means you're sort of missing the quintessential point of our club.
【Minori】Q-Quintessential point...?!
【Airi】That's right! Tea ceremonies require you to know how to use each item properly, have a good understanding of etiquette and be in the right state of mind...
【Airi】In other words, it's meant to be a work of art!
【Haruka, Minori & Shizuku】Whoa!!!
【Airi】To be fair, I'm not really in a position to be saying that.
【Airi】A part of me wanted to know how tea ceremonies worked, but another part of me was hoping to have some tasty treats.
【Airi】However, actually taking part has taught me a lot. It's actually really interesting.
【Haruka】There's quite a bit of history behind it as well. Which aspect of it did you find the most appealing, Airi?
【Airi】Well... Tea ceremonies have different styles, like martial arts. For instance, depending on your style, the etiquette and the bowls and utensils you use can differ greatly.
【Airi】The teacher usually teaches us the style they studied, but we also invite practitioners of other styles and have them teach us from time to time.
【Minori】Wow... It sounds like you have to learn so much...
【Airi】Hehe. I actually really enjoy learning about all these different styles.
【Airi】And I want to go today because we get to speak with one of those visitors today.
【Shizuku】That means this is a special day for you.
【Airi】Yeah, it sort of is. Not only that, I heard that we get to see some really rare tea bowls, so I'm really looking forward to seeing them!
【Haruka】Were they made by somebody famous?
【Airi】Yeah, some of them apparently were. Also, it's fun to see how ceramic objects differ depending on where they were fired.
【Airi】Obviously, no two really look the same, but they also usually feel different in your hand in terms of weight and texture.
【Minori】Th-The way you're talking, Airi... You sound like an expert!
【Shizuku】By the way, Airi, what kind of tea bowl is your favorite?
【Airi】My favorite...? I think I like bowls that feel bumpy but have a glossy glaze. To me, those seem the most unique and have the most presence.
【Minori】G-Glaze...? Presence...?
【Airi】You know how ceramics usually look all smooth and shiny? Glaze is essentially glass, which gives it that effect.
【Shizuku】Oh, it's called glaze? That's good to know!
【Haruka】I have a vague picture in my head of the kind of bowl you just described, but it'd be nice sometime to actually see one...
【Airi】Hehe. Yes, you should! Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to go into so much detail...
【Shizuku】No, that's okay.
【Shizuku】You seemed to really enjoy talking about this, which put smiles on all our faces.
【Haruka】Yeah, your eyes sparkled while you talked.
【Airi】R-Really?
【Airi】A-Anyway! Today, club activities will be taking priority over practice.
【Shizuku】Of course! I hope you have fun, Airi.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Airi】Huh? You wanna try some matcha?
【Minori】Yeah! You spoke so passionately about doing tea ceremonies that I couldn't help but feel a little interested.
【Shizuku】Yes, you certainly seemed to enjoy talking about it yesterday.
【Airi】Please try to forget about that... I feel embarrassed for going as in-depth as I did.
【Haruka】Hehe. I'm with Minori on this one. I also found your story very interesting.
【Shizuku】That was actually what the three of us talked about after school during practice.
【Shizuku】We all sort of wished that we were in attendance when the tea ceremony club did a demonstration at the School Festival.
【Airi】Oh, really? It's great to hear that you're all so interested!
【Airi】(I'd like to do something for them since they're expressing so much interest in tea ceremonies...)
【Airi】Yeah, that might work...!
【Airi】Leave this one to me! I know what we can do!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Huh?
[Background Change] bg_b000801
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] Weekend
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】So, we'll be having a tea ceremony demo today!
【Minori】Woohoo!
【Haruka】Thank you for doing this, Airi. Not only are you providing the space for us to do this, but also the equipment and sweets.
【Airi】This is the least I could do. I mean, seeing all of you show so much interest in this made me really happy.
【Minori】Oh, so this is the container for the tea...! And these are the tea bowls!
【Airi】That's right. The two in the front are the ones I usually use. Shizuku brought the other two.
【Haruka】Interesting... Your bowls are more vibrantly colored than I was expecting. They feel nice and casual.
【Shizuku】I agree, and these pink accents are so cute. Just like you, Airi.
【Minori】Yeah. Wait, hang on... You use these on a regular basis?!
【Airi】Yeah. Sometimes I get these massive cravings for matcha. Especially when I bring home some seasonal Japanese sweets!
【Airi】If anything, the bowls Shizuku brought are more like what you'd normally see.
【Haruka】True. You said that you borrowed these from your mom?
【Shizuku】Yes, that's right. She plays the koto, but she also apparently spent some time learning how to perform tea ceremonies.
【Minori】Which is why you had these at your house! That's so cool!
【Haruka】Still, it's amazing how two tea bowls can give off such different vibes...
【Airi】Hehe. See what I mean? However, this is just the tip of the iceberg.
【Airi】So, why don't we start making and drinking some matcha? I'll start us off.
【Airi】We're just having a casual gathering today, so feel free to have some snacks while I do it.
【Shizuku】Okay♪
【Airi】First, you put some matcha powder into the bowl, pour in some hot water and...
[Sound] se00474
【Haruka】It looks so easy when you do it.
【Shizuku】Yes, it's very impressive.
【Minori】I didn't realize that you had to go all whisk-whisk-whisk like that...
【Airi】Ah, nice observation.
【Airi】The number one reason for doing this is to bring out the aroma! If you mix the matcha powder and hot water together just right, it starts smelling really good.
【Shizuku】Oh, now that you mention it... This tea smells very nice.
【Airi】Hehe. Right?
[Sound] se00474
[Sound] se00474
【Airi】Alright, it's ready.
【Minori, Haruka & Shizuku】Ooh!
[Sound] se00470
【Airi】After you, Minori.
【Minori】Me?! But I don't know how I'm supposed to drink this!
【Airi】Again, this is all meant to be super casual. Don't worry about any of that stuff.
【Minori】R-Right..! Then...
【Minori】Here goes nothing!
【Minori】Oh... It's not as bitter as I was expecting... Actually, it's really good!
【Airi】Hehe. That's good to hear. Your second and third sips should progressively get more flavorful, so I hope you enjoy.
【Haruka】Wow, you really do know a lot about this.
【Airi】Not really. This is all stuff I learned during club activities, and I don't get to go that much.
【Minori】Really? I think it's really great how you know all this stuff about tea ceremonies!
【Airi】Hehe. Thanks, Minori.
【Shizuku】Oh, Airi, if you don't mind, I'd like to have some.
【Airi】Sure thing. I'll whip some up right now.
【Airi】I'm gonna have you all try this in a bit, so pay close attention!
【Minori, Shizuku & Haruka】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】(Our shoot for iHaz is just around the corner...)
【Airi】They like to toss around questions that aren't in the script, so we need to be ready for anything.
【Airi】Also, Arisa and Marina are supposed to be the MCs.
【Airi】Arisa's from the third generation and Marina's one of the new girls from the fourth...
【Airi】So, I should try watching the shows where they both appear and see how they interact with everyone.
【Airi】I'm pretty sure they were on that music program just the other day...
[Sound] se00316
【Airi】(Still, MORE MORE JUMP! is appearing on TV for the first time...with Cheerful * Days... You really can't make this stuff up.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001301
【Member A】It must be so nice being pretty. No matter how hard we worked, she always got picked over us.
【Shizuku】...
【Arisa】You said it...
【Arisa】I'm glad to finally be rid of her.
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】*Sigh* Now's not the time for that. I need to focus and gather info on Cheerful * Days!
【Airi】Where'd that recording go...? Oh, here it is.
[Sound] se00445
[Background Change] bg_b001901
[Sound] bgm00190
【Arisa】<Did you all see the music video for our new song? We put a ton of effort into it and even had to spend a few nights to make it happen, so please be sure to watch it if you haven't already.>
【Group Members】<Remember how Marina just would not wake up that one morning?>
【Marina】<H-Hey, they don't need to know that...!>
【Group Members】<I remember! You wouldn't get up even after we pulled all the covers off of you. Arisa had to force you up and help you get changed.>
【Arisa】<I couldn't blame her. I mean, she still isn't used to doing those kinds of outdoor shoots.>
【Arisa】<While we're on the subject, I have some things to say about all of you. Who doodled all over Marina's face? Washing that off was harder than getting her to wake up.>
[Sound] se00260
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】Because of what happened between us, I hardly ever watch the shows and programs they appear on...
【Airi】But they each have a distinct personality and know how to work together as a team.
【Airi】(Arisa, in particular, seems to have a talent for watching what the other members are doing and asking them questions at the right time.)
【Airi】I hate to say it, but Cheerful * Days seems to be doing pretty well after she took over at the helm following Shizuku's departure.
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Group Members】<♪——! ♪————!>
【Arisa】<♪——! ♪————!>
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】Wow, I didn't realize they were this good at singing and dancing. They're in perfect sync...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001301
【Arisa】I'm glad to finally be rid of her.
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】...
【Airi】(Like Shizuku said... In the beginning, they worked as a team and pushed each other to become better.)
[Sound] bgm00024
【Airi】(But after she was chosen to be the lead, the others began having reservations about her...)
【Airi】(They went from actively supporting her to belittling, envying and becoming filled with frustration...)
【Airi】(But that didn't give them the right to say all those horrible things about her.)
【Airi】*Sigh* I can't help but feel worried...
【Airi】iHaz is all about showing people raw and uncut interactions between idols. On top of that, Arisa's being billed as someone with an incredibly sharp tongue...
【Airi】But... Shizuku leaving wasn't a good thing for either her or the group.
【Airi】I get that the show's gonna benefit from this, but the agency's not gonna let things get too out of hand, right...?
【Airi】Hmm... Not knowing what they're gonna do is concerning...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001901
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】(However, despite having experienced what she did, Shizuku seems excited by this prospect.)
【Airi】Alright.
【Airi】Once I'm finished watching all these, I need to come up with possible questions that we're going to be asked.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000803
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
【Airi】Alright, now that we seem to have our dance routine down, let's take a quick break and see how we did by checking the video.
【Shizuku】Then, I'll be on recording duties today. Let's see... Open the camera up on my phone and...
[Sound] se00183
【Airi】Wait, are you sure about this?
【Shizuku】Hm? I seem to have moved to a different screen. What does this little square do...?
【Haruka】Little square?
【Minori】Oh, you might've opened the thing for uploading images and stuff...
【Airi】Yeah, Minori, you're spot on. Alright, you... The camera's the one next to that icon.
【Shizuku】Oh, you're right. Thank you, Airi.
【Airi】Yeah, yeah... You did an amazing job on iHaz, but I guess you're back to being your usual self.
【Shizuku】Hehe. But I know where it is now, so I should be fine in the future.
【Minori】Speaking of which, iHaz airs pretty soon! Hehe. I can't wait to see it.
【Haruka】Our shoot went pretty well, so all that's left is to see how they edit it...
【Airi】I've gotta think they're gonna keep all of Shizuku's story in there. I mean, us appearing alongside Cheerful * Days was their big selling point.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Shizuku...? Are you worried?
【Shizuku】Yes... I believe I was able to say everything that I wanted to using my own words...
【Shizuku】But how everyone takes what I said is entirely up to them.
【Airi】Yeah, I get how you feel... But I think everything's gonna be okay.
【Airi】I mean, your story was just that moving.
[Sound] bgm00039
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Shizuku】To my surprise, many were willing to accept me for who I really am.
【Shizuku】As nervous as I was about doing this, their warmth helped me move forward one step at a time...
【Shizuku】And now, like all those who are watching... I feel comfortable with me being this kind of idol.
【Shizuku】I finally understand now that it's okay for me to just be myself.
[Background Change] bg_a000803
【Airi】Of course, we know that you experienced everything you spoke about firsthand and how hard things were back then...
【Airi】But everyone will know that you're telling the truth when they see you tell your story.
【Haruka】I agree.
【Minori】Me too! It'll be fine, Shizuku! I'm sure of it!
【Shizuku】All of you...
【Haruka】I know. Why don't we all have a group call together while watching iHaz?
【Minori】Yeah! I fell asleep last time, so I wanna give it another go!
【Airi】Yeah, you were out like a light that time. We even heard you talk in your sleep.
【Airi, Minori, Haruka & Shizuku】Hehe. Haha...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001002
[Sound] bgm00180
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
[Sound] se00171
【Airi】Alright, shall we start heading home?
【Shizuku】Okay.
[Sound] se00143
【Airi】Come to think of it... There is one thing you mentioned while you were telling your story that made me really happy.
【Shizuku】Oh, there is?
【Airi】The part about you being accepted as an idol and for who you are.
【Airi】I know how hard it was for you to have played Miss Perfect...
【Shizuku】I'm being accepted for who I am now because our fans are so understanding, and because I had you and the others...
【Shizuku】I wouldn't have been able to make this happen on my own.
【Airi】Nonsense. You'll never be alone. We're in this together, aren't we?
【Shizuku】Thank you, Airi. But I feel especially grateful for you.
【Airi】Huh? Why's that?
【Shizuku】Remember the event we did at that elementary school...?
[Sound] se00053
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】I still managed to reach people... Even back then.
【Shizuku】You filled me with so much hope when I saw you play Happy Everyday.
[Sound] bgm00175
【Shizuku】And I was so happy when I saw that you were able to touch the hearts of so many people.
【Shizuku】Which is why I began asking myself, “What about me?” and, “Will people accept who I was when I was still in Cheerful * Days?”
【Shizuku】That actually sort of became the reason why I began looking back on what happened back then, but with a positive perspective.
【Airi】Huh...?
【Shizuku】I mean, Airi, you're the reason I was able to try so hard back then. You're also the reason why everyone accepts me for who I am now.
【Shizuku】So, Airi, thank you. You really are my favorite idol!
【Airi】Shizuku...
【Airi】Oh, you... Stop it or you're gonna make me blush.
【Airi】(What's gotten into you? When did you become such an amazing person?)
【Airi】(I mean, Shizuku, you've always been my...)
【Airi】Um, Shizuku...?
【Shizuku】Yes?
【Airi】I... I wanna do everything I can while we're in MORE MORE JUMP!
【Airi】So my future self will be able to look back on this time and be proud of what I did.
【Shizuku】*Gasp* Yes, that'd be wonderful!
【Shizuku】Would you mind if I joined you on your journey?
【Airi】Of course, silly. Don't forget that you're also a valued member of MORE MORE JUMP!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】Just one minute away from tomorrow...
【Airi】I'm sure the messages will come flooding in at exactly— Huh?
[Sound] se00004_b
【Ena】<Happy birthday, Airi! Let's hang out and go shopping together sometime—when you're not busy with idol stuff of course!>
【Airi】Hehe, oh Ena. It's not my birthday yet.
【Airi】I bet she wanted to be the first one to wish me a happy birthday and pressed send a little too early.
【Airi】Ah, it's midnight!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00004_b
【Minori】<Happy birthday, Airi! I can't wait to get celebrating in our special livestream later today♪>
[Sound] bgm00006
【Mizuki】<Good morning, Airi! Aaand...happy birthday♪ Looking forward to watching your birthday stream later!>
【Haruka】<Happy birthday, Airi! Rest assured that I'll be there to help you make today's livestream an exciting one.>
【Haruka】<Also, I know you're probably getting a lot of messages right now, so don't worry about replying to me.>
【Airi】As if I would agree to that! Let's see, I'll reply to Ena first—
[Sound] se00004_b
【Shizuku】<Airi! I'm always wishing you a happy birthday! I'll make sure you have an absolutely wonderful day.>
【Airi】Hehe, what do you mean, “always”? That's a Minori-level mistake...
[Sound] se00092
【Airi】Oh? My phone flashed...
[Sound] se00028_b
【Rin】<Airi! Good morning!>
【Airi】Oh, if it isn't Rin! What are you doing staying up this late?
【Rin】<Hehehe, on behalf of everyone in SEKAI, I'm here to pay you a visit on your special day♪>
【Rin】<Happy birthday, Airi!>
【Airi】Thank you, Rin! I'm so happy that you came to see me like this.
【Rin】<Oh no, I'm glad that I got the chance to say happy birthday♪>
【Rin】<Since it was too late for all of us to visit, we decided to hold a rock paper scissors championship to decide who would go.>
【Airi】So I'm the lucky one who gets to celebrate with the grand champ Rin, huh. Maybe some of that luck will rub off on me.
[Sound] se00004_b
【Airi】Oh, looks like I got another message. Oh, wait...
[Sound] se00183_b
【Airi】Hahaha!
【Rin】<Whoa, was it really that funny? Can I see?>
【Airi】Here... Hehe, you better brace yourself for this one.
【Rin】<Awesome! Oh, it looks like an idol group photo...huh?>
【Rin】<Haha! What is this? Everyone's pulling silly faces!>
【Airi】Ahhh, they managed to make me laugh this year, too.
【Airi】The girls in this picture are from my old idol group, QT.
【Airi】Even after I left the group, they never fail to send me birthday wishes—with silly group selfies, too.
【Airi】I bet it's their way of reminding me to fill my days with fun and making me laugh while they're at it.
【Rin】<They sound like lovely people if they'd keep sending you birthday wishes even after you left.>
【Airi】Yeah, they really are...
【Airi】When times get tough, or I need a pick-me-up, looking at those silly selfies they send me makes me feel better.
【Rin】<Oh, I see. Then you better tell them you're doing fine♪>
【Airi】Yeah!
【Airi】(I have a feeling today's going to be super fun!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Sound] song00004_off_f
[Caption] Rental Meeting Room
【Minori】Ready, everyone?
【Minori】It's time for Airi's Special Birthday Livestream♪
【Airi】Let's get this party started!
【Haruka & Shizuku】Yeah!
[Sound] se00180_b
【Comments】<Yippee! It's finally time!> <Happy bday, Airi!> <You're the best! I love you!>
【Minori】Whoa, whoa, whoa! I knew there'd be lots of comments, but not this many! Look at them go!
【Shizuku】Um... “Airi, happy...”, “thanks for...”, “you're my favorite...”
【Haruka】Hehe, they're too fast to read.
【Airi】Thank you all for your birthday wishes! I'll make sure to read them all later, so stay tuned♪
【Airi】Okay! Since it's my birthday, how about I kick things off with a song?
【Airi】Alright! I'll get ready!
[Sound] se00097_b
【Minori】Okay!
【Comments】<Huh? She's singing live?!> <Yay! What're you gonna sing?> <A surprise song?! I'm gonna faint!>
【Haruka】It's an original song that we performed at our solo show.
【Minori】Exactly. But this time... Airi will be performing a solo rendition of it!
【Comments】<Solo?!> <Whoa, now I can tick this off my bucket list.> <I'm listening.>
【Haruka】Airi said she wanted to surprise you fans with something as a thank you for all your support, so she's been rehearsing for quite a while now.
【Shizuku】Yeah. When I heard her practice, she was so captivating that she left me speechless.
[Sound] se00097_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Why, what a lovely compliment.
【Airi】Thank you all for your patience! I'm ready to go!
【Comments】<That's what she wore during the solo show!> <Whoa, she looks amazing!> <Thank you so much for this!>
【Airi】Alrighty, let's raise the roof! Lemme hear it!
[Sound] bgm00137
【Minori】Yeah♪
【Airi】And what about you guys?
【Haruka & Shizuku】Yeah♪
【Airi】Is everyone on the livestream ready?
【Comments】<Yeah♪> <Woohoo! Yay♪> <Yeah!>
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】I can't believe we've reached the end of the stream already.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Airi】Yeah, but I performed the song, we got to talk a lot, and loads of our viewers joined in on the chat. It was so fun.
【Comments】<I had loads of fun, too!> <I wish we could have a birthday stream every day.> <Your solo rendition was amazing!>
【Haruka】Hehe. Sounds like our viewers had lots of fun.
【Comments】<Are you guys gonna go celebrate after the stream?>
【Airi】Yes, we are! We're going to get together with friends and go all out!
【Comments】<That sounds great!> <Let your hair down!> <Airi, thank you so much for putting on this livestream!>
【Airi】I'm the one who should be saying thank you. From the bottom of my heart, thank you to all of you for watching.
【Airi】I couldn't be happier to have so many lovely fans like you!
【Airi】I promise to give my all every day as a member of MORE MORE JUMP! I hope you'll continue to support me♪
【Airi】And that's it from me, Airi Momoi♪ This has been one special delivery of love!
【Comments】<I'll support you for the rest of my life!> <Love you Airi!> <Girl, you got this!>
【Airi】Oh, you guys...
【Airi】Thank you for today!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001401
[Caption] Cafe
[Sound] se00006
【Saki】Hey, look everyone! Airi and the others are here!
【Emu】It's Airi! Hey everyone! Glad you made it☆
【An】Hey everyone!
【Airi】Sorry to have kept you all waiting. Our livestream went great!
【Kohane】We all watched it together! Your solo was really incredible!
【Saki】Yeah♪ If it was karaoke, everyone would've wanted to join in!
【Shizuku】Hehe. Aren't you glad they enjoyed it, Airi?
【Airi】Yeah!
【Shiho】Saki, I know you're excited and all, but aren't you forgetting something?
【Saki】Oh, that's right! Let's go, Emu!
【Emu】Okay!
[Sound] se00170
【Airi】What could that be?
[Sound] se00305
[Sound] se00305
【Saki】Here it is☆
【Airi】Now that's a big box. What's inside?
【Emu】Hehehe, time for the big reveal! Ta-daa☆
[Sound] se00055
【Airi】Wow, a cake! It's so pretty and pink!
【Emu】Yeah, it sure is— Aaaah!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Emu】Oh no, Saki! The decorations are missing!
[Sound] bgm00200
【Saki】Whoa, you're right! Now it's just a plain old pink cake!
【Airi】I guess so, now that you mention it... Although, I thought that's what you were going for.
【Kohane】O-Oh no! This was supposed to be Airi's special birthday cake!
【An】This is terrible! Now we can't celebrate anymore!
【Airi】(Hm? They look oddly happy about this...)
[Sound] se00055
【Shiho】Don't worry. Here's some fruit we can use to decorate it.
【Shizuku】Oh, Shii! Trust you to come up with a wonderful idea like that!
【Minori】Yeah! Just wait a moment, Airi! We'll have your cake decorated in no time!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Hehe, so this was the surprise, huh. I expect some top-notch decorating from you!
[Sound] bgm00190
【An】Alright! Kohane, how about we line up the strawberries and kiwi slices?
【Shizuku】We'll work on the pineapple and mandarin pieces!
【Haruka】And we'll decorate with the blueberries and mango chunks!
【Airi】(Wow, they're making good speed with this. I wouldn't be surprised if they even practiced.)
【Airi】Huh? There's a gaping hole right in the center.
【Emu】Hehehe. Why, that's to make room for these☆
【Saki】Ta-daa♪ They're marzipan figurines of you, Airi! Emu and I made them!
【Saki】This is Happy Everyday Airi, then there's Airi in school uniform, and finally, MMJ Airi!
【Airi】Wow, would you look at that! Did you guys seriously make these yourselves?
【Emu】Yeah! We remembered the stuff you taught us and did our best to make them!
【Saki】We tried our hardest!
【Airi】(Hehe, I can tell they really tried their best to strike a balance with the head and body proportions, and the detail in the face and hair.)
【Airi】Thank you, Saki, Emu. You did an amazing job.
【Airi】The Happy Everyday and idol me look so energetic, and the school me looks so smart. I love them!
【Airi】I think they turned out really well!
【Emu】Hurray Saki! Airi complimented our handiwork!
【Saki】Yay! We did it, Emu♪
【Kohane】Airi, we have something to show you, too.
【An】Well, it's actually a surprise from Mizuki and Ena. Here you go!
【Airi】An, Kohane, thank you. This looks like a card...
[Sound] se00077
【Airi】Huh? There's only a URL.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Kohane】Hehe, that URL is for a video. I'll play it for you!
[Sound] se00183
[Sound] bgm00128
【Airi】Wh-What! This is gorgeous!
【Shizuku】Oh! It's an animated short of us dancing and singing on stage!
【Haruka】Wow, the poses and expressions are so in sync with the music.
【Airi】Plus, I bet it was hard to illustrate every single pose.
【An】Although Akito was the one who handed me the card, I also got a message from Ena for you!
【An】She said, “I was super hung up on the details so it's kind of short, but isn't it just the cutest?”
【Airi】Yeah, it really is! I'm honestly lost for words!
【Airi】That said, trust Ena to make her brother run errands for her...
【Kohane】Oh, speaking of, he told me to tell you “have a good one”.
【Airi】Hehe, thanks. I'll make sure to thank Akito the next time I see him.
【Saki】Alright, now it's time to take a photo. Everyone gather in front of the cake♪ Ready, Kohane?
【Kohane】Yeah! Now to set the timer, and... Okay everyone, we've got ten seconds!
【Airi】(I got to celebrate with my fans, and now my friends are doing all this for me.)
【Airi】Today really is the best!
[Sound] se00075
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000174
[Sound] bgm00097
【Akito】Happy birthday, Momoi. I hope you and Ena continue to be good friends. Of course, don't feel like you need to go out of your way for her though.
【Ena】Hey, what's that all about? You make it sound like I'm a burden to her.
【Mizuki】The only person you're burdening here is your li'l bro. Thanks for delivering the card♪
【Mizuki】Since we spent all night editing, our faces looked terrible, so we couldn't possibly present it to her in person...
【Akito】All I did was give the card to Kohane and the others and pass on a message. Thank them instead.
【Ena】We will. But thank you too, anyway.
【Ena】Airi, I'll tell you all about how we made the animated short next time we meet up! Again, happy birthday!
【Kohane】Happy birthday, Airi. I'm so glad you liked the cake and video surprises!
【An】We managed to get quite a bit of cake decoration practice in by using small figurines and plastic fruit! I'm glad it all paid off.
【Shiho】Oh yeah, the marzipan figurines turned out well. I was a bit concerned when I heard we were going to leave those in the hands of Saki and Otori...
【Saki】Heh heh heh, some of Airi's skill rubbed off on us! I mean, she taught us how to make faces, so all that was left was to keep trying until they were 100% perfect!
【Emu】That's what Happy Everyday said on TV♪ So we both gave it our all!
【Saki】Yeah♪ Airi, we'll be your fans forever and ever and eeever! We're right behind you!
【Minori】Happy birthday, Airi! Seeing you smile all day made me so happy.
【Haruka】I was glad to see all our livestream fans and everyone at the party having so much fun.
【Shizuku】Everybody loves you, Airi. They must have been happy to be able to celebrate so much today. I sure was!
【Haruka】Hehe, that's right. Happy birthday, Airi.
【Shizuku】Happy birthday, Airi!
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Airi】I was really touched by everyone's birthday wishes and words of support.
【Airi】It made me realize that every message I got was coming from somebody I gave hope.
【Airi】I promise to keep spreading hope as Airi Momoi of MORE MORE JUMP!
【Airi】You right there! Watch out 'cause I'm coming your way!
【Airi】Hehe. I'm just messing around.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】Okay, let's have a look at tomorrow's schedule... We have that meeting in the morning and will head to school in the afternoon.
【Airi】Haruka and Minori already know that we won't make our morning practice...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a000803
【Minori】I've made up my mind...
【Minori】I'm...
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】(I gave her a lot to think about, but I'm glad she arrived on an answer that she's happy with...)
【Airi】(Especially since she made me realize something really important...)
[Sound] se00137_b
【Airi】Oh, hehe. Right on time...
[Sound] se00183_b
【Airi】Hey, what's up?
[Background Change] bg_h000441
【Ena】<Thanks for setting aside some time so we can chat, Airi!>
[Sound] bgm00024
【Airi】That's all good. We haven't seen each other at all recently, so I was really happy when you said you wanted to talk.
【Ena】<Really? Great!>
[Background Change] bg_e000303
【Ena】<Still, you guys really have been busy lately. I'm sure you're handling things fine... But don't push yourself too hard, okay?>
[Background Change] bg_h000441
【Airi】Thanks, I appreciate it. But as an idol, my physical condition is one of my biggest assets, so I'm making sure to take good care of it.
【Airi】Actually, Ena, I'm more concerned about you. Are you still a total night owl?
【Ena】<Huh? Me? I'm completely fine! I mean, I've always been a night owl.>
[Background Change] bg_e000303
【Ena】<Oh yeah... Did you hear about the new cafe that opened up by the station?>
[Background Change] bg_h000441
【Airi】A new cafe? What's it supposed to be like?
【Ena】<Half of it's a cafe, but the other half's supposed to be an antiques shop.>
【Ena】<Everything in the cafe is also apparently for sale. If you like the decor or the tableware they use, you can just buy the exact same ones on the spot.>
【Airi】Really...?! This cafe's starting to sound pretty fun.
【Ena】<I know, right? On top of all that, their signature menu item is this tea and chiffon cake set that's decorated in a really cute way. I bet it'll get a ton of buzz online.>
[Background Change] bg_e000303
【Ena】<Wanna go together sometime? Maybe this week...? No, that's probably too short notice, huh...?>
[Background Change] bg_h000441
【Airi】Yeah... I have work all this week and next...
【Ena】<Okay. Yeah, that's understandable.>
【Ena】<Then, how about next month?>
【Airi】Well... The weekends are gonna be tough. I might be able to go in the evening during the week...
【Airi】But you have school then, right, Ena...?
【Ena】<Yeah... To be fair, the cafe's new and getting a ton of business, so I doubt it's gonna fold anytime soon.>
【Airi】True. I'll let you know when I'm free.
【Ena】<Okay! Looking forward to it!>
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】(Ena never changes... She always lets me know about these new places and invites me to go check them out...)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】(I mean, there was one point when I was so busy that we didn't see each other for a month or so.)
【Airi】(Of course, Ena was going through some tough stuff right around that time too...)
【Airi】(But she still came over to talk so happily when she saw me at school...)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a004004
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】(Seeing her smile made any feeling of awkwardness about our reunion go away...)
[Sound] bgm00039
【Airi】(Ena's honest with her feelings. She doesn't hold anything back, in a good way...)
【Airi】(That must be why we've been able to stay friends this whole time.)
【Airi】Um, Ena...?
[Background Change] bg_h000441
【Ena】<Hm?>
【Airi】Remember that time during junior high when we didn't see each other for like a month because we both had so much going on?
【Ena】<Yeah, I remember... What about it?>
【Airi】So... How do I put this...?
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】I wanna thank you for coming to talk to me like nothing had changed after not seeing each other for so long...
【Airi】Your smile made me feel so much better that time.
[Background Change] bg_h000441
【Ena】<Huh? R-Really? Why...?>
【Airi】Why...? Because it's pretty normal to not be sure how to interact with someone after not seeing them for so long, right?
【Ena】<Yeah, I guess so...>
[Background Change] bg_e000303
【Ena】<Talk about a blast from the past...>
【Ena】<I remember watching TV every single day to make sure I caught all the shows you were on, Airi...>
【Ena】<And I went back to rewatch recordings of them on the days you weren't scheduled to appear...>
[Background Change] bg_h000441
【Airi】Wait, really?
【Airi】I remember you sending me feedback on occasion regarding what you saw, so I had a feeling that you were a pretty avid viewer. Still...
【Ena】<Hehe. Because of that, I got to meet you every day. Your smile would always help me forget about what was on my mind for a little while.>
【Airi】...!
[Background Change] bg_e000303
【Ena】<Which is probably why talking to you after being away for so long didn't feel awkward at all. It's like you were never gone.>
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Background Change] bg_h000441
【Airi】For the longest time, Ena, I kept beating myself up about not being there for you when you were going through so much pain...
【Ena】<No, don't say that...>
【Ena】<You've always been there to cheer me up. Always. You're a big reason why I'm still doing art.>
[Background Change] bg_e000303
【Ena】<So, Airi, thank you for what you did that time...>
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】H-Hey, no fair...! What's with the sob story all of a sudden?!
[Background Change] bg_h000441
【Ena】<What?! You started it!>
【Airi】I didn't have a choice because there's something I need to tell you!
【Ena】<Tell me...?>
【Airi】Yeah!
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】Ena, thanks for being my friend!
[Background Change] bg_e000303
【Ena】<...!>
【Ena】<Is that all? Of course I'm your friend.>
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】(She made it possible for us to pick up where we left off like nothing happened...)
[Background Change] bg_h000441
【Airi】Really, I can't thank you enough.
【Airi】And about that cafe. I promise to let you know when there's a gap in my schedule!
【Ena】<Okay. I'll invite you again if I find anywhere else that looks delicious or interesting, so keep your schedule open!>
【Airi】Yeah, you got it!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000601
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy
【Airi】(Hehe. That was a nice morning workout.)
【Airi】(We're all coming along nicely with that dance routine, so it might be time for us to start practicing singing while we dance.)
【Airi】(Wait, stop... Quit thinking so much about practice. I have to focus on classes now!)
[Sound] se00097_b
【Ayumi】Oh, Airi, good morning!
【Airi】Oh, Ayumi! Morning!
【Ayumi】Did your morning practice just finish?
【Airi】Yup. Dancing felt great since it's so nice out today.
【Ayumi】Dance practice first thing in the morning... How do you do it? I'm still barely half awake...
【Ayumi】Oh, that reminds me! I saw your stream yesterday! That “What's In Our Bags?!” segment was so much fun!
【Airi】It was?! Can you tell me more about what you thought? What stood out to you the most?!
【Ayumi】Sure! Hmm, well...
【Ayumi】The contents of your bag definitely stood out to me the most, Airi.
【Ayumi】Your pink pencil case and the pouch with kittens all over it really made it obvious that it was your bag!
【Ayumi】The heart-shaped keychain you had on that pouch was also really cute. And so sparkly!
【Airi】Oh, that? I got it at one of the shops on Main Street after falling in love with it at first sight!
【Ayumi】Wait, really?! What was that shop called?
【Airi】Umm... I wanna say it had “jewelry” in its name, or something like it...
【Ayumi】Oh, are you talking about Jeweller TOY BOX?
【Airi】Yeah, that's it! You know about it too, Ayumi?
【Ayumi】Yup! I went one time after a friend tipped me off to it.
【Ayumi】Do you know why they chose that name? It's a really great reason!
【Airi】No, I don't! Tell me!
【Ayumi】Hehe. They wanted their shop to be “A toy box filled with shiny gems just for you”!
【Airi】Really?! Yeah, it definitely works with their theme!
【Ayumi】Right? They had so much nice stuff too. It'd be great if we could go together sometime, Airi...
【Airi】Oh...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Ayumi】Wait, no... I'm sorry! I couldn't help myself... Uhh...
【Airi】Thanks, Ayumi.
[Sound] bgm00180
【Airi】I'm all booked up this month, so I won't be able to anytime soon...
【Airi】But I also really, really wanna go check it out with you, Ayumi.
【Ayumi】Airi...
【Airi】Wait, hang on! If we're going after school, I might actually be able to next week!
【Airi】We're taking a day off from practice to give ourselves time to recover. I also don't have work that day, so I think we can go.
【Ayumi】Really?! I'd be totally okay with us just stopping by after school since it's not a very big shop.
【Ayumi】Oh, but...
【Ayumi】Are you sure? It's supposed to be your day off, right?
【Airi】Of course. I'll let you know once I've had a chance to take another look at our schedule.
【Airi】I'm really looking forward to going with you, Ayumi!
【Ayumi】...!
【Ayumi】Yeah... Me too...!
【Ayumi】Thank you so much, Airi! I can't wait either! This is so exciting!
[Sound] se00005_b
【Airi】Oh no...! Homeroom's about to start.
【Ayumi】Yeah, we gotta get to our classrooms! I'll be waiting to hear back from you, Airi!
【Airi】Sure thing! I'll try to message you as soon as I can!
[Sound] se00097_b
【Airi】We made plans to hang out together. Just like old times...
【Airi】(Well, things aren't completely the same as they were back then...)
【Airi】(But we still clearly want to talk and hang out with each other. That hasn't changed at all.)
【Airi】(I need to keep treasuring that connection.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000803
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Minori】“The bonds you've forged with your friends won't easily break.”
【Minori】I want to believe that too!
【Airi】Minori...
【Shizuku】Which means... We're all going to be credit-based, yes?
【Haruka】Yeah. So...
【Haruka】We can start accepting those offers we initially couldn't.
【Airi】Right...
【Airi】(Thank you, Minori. I really appreciate how seriously you've been taking this matter.)
【Minori】Oh, while we're on the subject... I tried coming up with a schedule to help myself imagine being in the credit-based course...
【Minori】Take a look! If Haruka and I are both credit-based, we'll be free during these hours.
【Minori】Which means that one offer we thought we'd have to turn down would actually be—
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】...is about it. What do you think?
[Sound] bgm00018
【Shizuku】Yes, that was very easy to understand. Thank you for the wonderful explanation, Minori.
【Haruka】All this probably needs is a few minor fixes, right?
【Airi】Yeah, it's put together better than I was expecting! Way to go, Minori!
【Minori】Hehe... I used the ones you and Haruka made in the past as reference, Airi!
【Minori】So, while we're at it, can you tell me what needs fixing so I know for the future?
【Airi】Sure. Haruka, mind starting us off?
【Haruka】I have a feeling that you're going to say the same, Airi, but these transit times did catch my eye...
【Airi】Yeah. It's not a huge problem or anything, but it is a little concerning.
【Minori】Oh, okay! Lemme take some notes!
【Shizuku】Then, I will as well...
【Haruka】Minori, your schedule does give us some extra time whenever we move between places...
【Haruka】But we may need to give ourselves a little more since we'll probably be riding taxis more often.
【Minori】Wait, taxis?
【Airi】We'll be getting more TV exposure, right? Using public transit's gonna become a bit tricky as the chances of people recognizing us goes up.
【Minori】R-Right! I didn't think of that since we've never had any issues before!
【Airi】One person may be no big deal, but the four of us together is probably gonna stand out.
【Airi】Also, when it comes to public transit...
【Airi】You don't have to plan quite as strictly in the city since we always have multiple options to choose from, but...
【Minori】Oh! If we go to the countryside or something...!
【Airi】Exactly. Trains don't run as often, and there might not even be any taxis around until you call one in.
【Haruka】Even in other cities, it's more than possible to get lost when you're somewhere unfamiliar.
【Airi】So, it's important for us to really do our research when we go outside the city.
【Minori】Yeah, that makes sense!
[Sound] se00042_b
【Shizuku】Are there any other points of concern that you can think of?
【Airi】Hmm... Well...
【Haruka】I guess, food...?
【Airi】Yeah, absolutely!
【Minori & Shizuku】Food...?
【Airi】Yeah! It's always good to scout out restaurants and stuff around meeting locations.
【Airi】Under the right circumstances, you can ask directors, producers or other staff to go grab a bite with you.
【Haruka】Which is really important. It's one of the few situations where you can casually get to know each other, and even hear about industry trends and all kinds of other info.
【Airi】Plus, it's just nice to know what's available around where we're going.
【Airi】If we're in a hurry, it's good to know where the convenience stores are or what places do takeout. And diners and whatnot for when we have a little time on our hands.
【Haruka】Yeah, that does end up being really important. Worst case scenario, you might go a whole day without eating...
【Minori】Oh... That sounds awful...
【Shizuku】That unfortunately happened to me one time. I was so embarrassed when my microphone picked up my stomach rumbling.
【Airi】Most shoots are fully catered, but during planning meetings they usually only serve some snacks.
【Airi】Having a mic pick up your stomach growling's embarrassing, but so is chowing down on whatever's available...
【Minori】Wait a second... Are you talking about me before our iHaz shoot...?
【Airi】No, that was understandable. Eating helps some people relax when they're nervous.
【Airi】Anyway, what I'm trying to say is that it's important to be extra careful!
【Haruka】Trying to figure everything out on your own isn't exactly realistic, so it's always good to check with others, right?
【Airi】Yeah. In fact, we could take this opportunity to assign ourselves to certain tasks.
【Airi】Like... Minori, you research our transit options. I'll start looking for delicious places to eat!
【Haruka】You're not just after the right to have your pick of restaurants, are you?
【Airi】Maybe, maybe not.
【Minori】You totally are! No fair, Airi!
【Airi】Haha.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Caption] Shopping Mall
[Caption] Electronics Store
【Airi】Let's see... The ring lights are...
[Sound] se00097_b
【Airi】Oh, right over here.
【Airi】(If we want more viewers, we should start using this kind of equipment for our streams.)
【Airi】(Wow, they have a huge selection here... Choosing which to buy warrants some consideration, but how do they all differ...?)
【Store Clerk】Are you looking to buy a ring light, miss?
【Airi】Yes, I'm pretty staggered by your selection. I really don't know what I should be looking for...
【Store Clerk】These are in high demand with so many people streaming and making videos lately, so... Wait, aren't you...?
【Airi】(Uh oh... Did she figure out who I am...?)
【Store Clerk】Please pardon my indiscretion. You're looking for a light to use during your streams, yes?
【Airi】(I see... She must be used to this sort of thing. I really appreciate her professionalism.)
【Airi】Yes, it's for our streams. Something portable with multiple lighting options would be ideal.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Airi】(Hehe. That clerk lady was so helpful. I got just what we needed.)
【Airi】(We'll need to test it out before our next stream.)
【???】Airi♪
【Airi】Hm?
[Sound] se00100_b
【Saki】I had a feeling it was you! Hi!
【Airi】Hey, Saki! Are you on your way home from band practice?
【Saki】I am! Were you out shopping just now?
【Airi】Yeah, I just went to buy a ring light for our streams.
【Airi】We rely on natural light when we stream from the school's rooftop, but... There's no guarantee it'll always be sunny, y'know?
【Saki】Oh, right...! This means your streams are gonna become even better, right?!
【Saki】Haruka even said how she's switching back to the credit-based course, so I'm even more excited about what MORE MORE JUMP! has in store for us!
【Airi】(So Haruka already told her...)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】(She's an idol through and through, so there's no reason for me to doubt her commitment...)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Background Change] bg_a002301
【Airi】(But how do her friends feel...?)
【Airi】Were you surprised when she told you about that?
[Sound] bgm00024
【Saki】Kinda... But I know her!
【Saki】I know she's a really inspiring idol who can spread hope to lots and lots more people♪
【Saki】So, as her friend, I wanna keep giving her all the support I can!
【Airi】Saki...
【Saki】You too, Airi! I'm gonna be rooting for you like crazy!
【Airi】Thanks! MORE MORE JUMP! is gonna become an idol group that makes everyone's day brighter just from hearing our name!
【Saki】Whoa! That's so awesome!
【Saki】But we're not gonna let you hog all the glory!
【Saki】We're gonna sign with a label, post lots of songs to our channel and play shows everywhere we can!
【Airi】That's great! And I'm sure you'll be able to as long as you believe in yourselves!
【Saki】Thank you very much!
【Saki】Hehe... Then we might even get a chance to play on TV together someday♪
【Airi】Hehe. Yeah, you're right. Let's keep dreaming big, the both of us!
【Airi】(Right... Saki cares deeply about her friends, their dreams and what they want to do...)
【Airi】(I'm so glad she's friends with Haruka and Minori.)
【Airi】This might sound weird coming from me, but I hope you'll keep being friends with Haruka and Minori...
【Saki】Of course! We're gonna be friends forever and ever and eeever♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
[Sound] se00018_b
【Airi】Minori, Haruka, sorry I'm late.
【Minori】No, that's okay. We haven't been here long.
【Haruka】We're about halfway through doing stretches.
【Shizuku】Thank goodness... The explanation for our school trip took quite a lot longer than we expected...
【Haruka】It's okay since you gave us a heads up that you'd have several explanation sessions.
【Minori】So, what did you guys talk about in this one?
【Airi】Our schedules for each day and where we'll be going.
【Shizuku】This year, we're going to Kyoto.
【Minori】Wow, Kyoto! That sounds really nice! There's so much to see and yummy things to eat!
【Airi】Doesn't that apply to any tourist destination?
【Airi】Oh, also. In the next session, we're supposed to discuss in detail what our options are for the first day, so we may run late again.
【Haruka】Okay. Do you have a general idea already?
【Airi】So, one option is to go see shrines and temples, while the other is to participate in hands-on activities.
【Shizuku】Kyoto has quite a few shrines and temples, so I'm hoping that we'll get to see as many as we can.
【Minori】Yeah, like the shrine with lots of red gates all in a row! I've seen so many pictures of that!
【Airi】Yeah. But I'm actually kinda interested in the activities.
【Airi】I looked it up and apparently, there are shops where you can make mutsuhashi and candy sculptures.
【Shizuku】When did you look that up, Airi?
【Airi】In secret, while the teacher was talking.
【Airi】On the other hand, none of that matters if the activities are traditional crafts...
【Airi】Still, making your own mutsuhashi does sound like fun!
【Haruka】So, does that involve picking a filling and putting it in the casing?
【Airi】No, better...
【Airi】You get to make everything, even the casing, from complete scratch! Not only that, you can even choose a filling from matcha and chestnut on top of the normal red bean paste!
【Minori & Shizuku】Whoa! Wow!
【Haruka】Making them from scratch does sound like fun. That feels like a worthwhile activity.
【Airi】I know, right?! Actually, I kinda wanna do it on my own time regardless of whether or not it's part of the school trip activities.
【Airi】I haven't been able to get it out of my head. I mean, you even get to steam them yourself...
【Airi】W-Wait, huh...? Why are you all grinning like that?
【Haruka】It's nice to see that you're looking forward to this trip is all.
【Minori】Especially since you've been saying how you'll put work first if we get a request.
【Minori】So I was under the impression that you weren't really looking forward to it that much.
【Airi】N-No, I have been...
【Airi】I mean, I'm a high school girl too! I also want to have some fun experiences while I'm still a student...
【Airi】So...! Wipe those angelic grins off your faces!
【Airi】You in particular, Minori! It feels weird when you act all motherly towards me!
【Minori】What?! I was just really glad to hear that you're looking forward to going on this trip!
【Airi】No, stop it stop it stop it! That's what I'm talking about! Alright, you've left me no choice!
[Sound] se00121_b
【Minori】Huh?! Hahaha...! Airi, stop! That tickles...!
【Shizuku & Haruka】Hehe.
【Airi】A-Anyway!
【Airi】By some stroke of luck, we don't have work! So, Shizuku and I are gonna make the most of this trip!
【Haruka】Yes, please do.
【Minori】And please bring souvenirs if you can!
【Shizuku】Of course. We'll also need to make sure to buy some for Miku and the others.
【Airi】Right!
【Airi】Anyway, enough of that! Let's start practice!
【Haruka, Minori & Shizuku】Yeah! Okay.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A
[Sound] se00046_b
【Airi】Hello.
【Minori】Huh? Airi?
【Kohane】Oh, hello. Are you here to see Minori?
【Airi】Yeah, but you and Shiho mainly.
【Shiho】Wait, us?
【Airi】Hehe. Ta-daa...! I got you all souvenirs from the school trip!
【Kohane】Oh, mutsuhashi and matcha langues-de-chat!
【Airi】These should be different from what Shizuku got you.
【Shiho】Yes, that's right. She got something else, but... Are you sure we can have these?
【Airi】Of course! I hope you three like them.
【Kohane】Yes, thank you!
[Sound] se00047_b
[Background Change] bg_a000601
【Airi】(I did get Minori something else...)
【Airi】(But I'll keep that a secret for now since I wanna give that to her in SEKAI.)
【Airi】Next, Class B.
[Sound] se00097_b
[Sound] se00046_b
【Airi】Hello, is Emu here?
【Emu's Voice】Oh! Hi, Airi!
[Sound] se00531
[Sound] se00531
【Emu】Welcome back! How was your trip? Was it fun?
【Airi】Yeah, very! I wanna tell you all about it, but first...
【Airi】Ta-daaa! Souvenirs!
【Emu】Oh wow! Matcha chocolates...?!
【Airi】Close! Don't these upside-down triangles remind you of a certain fruit?
【Emu】A certain fruit? Uhh...
【Emu】Oh, I know☆ Strawberries♪
【Airi】Correct! These actually have bits of dried strawberries in them. I had a chance to try them, and they were really good.
【Airi】Also, I got you some okaki crackers. Please share them with everyone in Wonderlands×Showtime if possible.
【Emu】Woohoo☆ Thank you so much!
【Airi】(Hehe. I bet her jaw's gonna drop when I tell her that we ran into Tenma and Kamishiro.)
【Airi】(Oh, but they'll probably tell her, and I don't wanna keep her too long...)
【Saki's Voice】Hi, Airi! I knew it was you!
【Airi】Oh...!
[Sound] se00531
[Sound] se00531
【Saki】Hehe. I thought I heard your voice just now! It's really nice to see you!
【Airi】You too, Saki. Your timing couldn't have been better.
[Sound] se00055_b
【Airi】I got you some souvenirs! I already gave the trio in Class A theirs. These are for you two.
【Saki】Wow...! Okaki and langues-de-chat! Thank you so much!
【Airi】Hehe. You're welcome.
【Saki】Oh, Airi, do you have some time to talk after this? I wanna hear all about you guys' trip!
【Emu】Oh, me too! I wanna hear!
【Airi】(Since Saki's here, I might tell them that story.)
【Airi】Sure. There's actually something I wanna tell you two.
【Airi】You might've heard already, but we ran into Saki's big brother and Kamishiro while we were in Kyoto.
【Emu】Wh-Whaaaaaat?!?!
【Saki】Oh, Tsukasa told me about that!
【Saki】I knew that you guys would be going on the same day, so I was wondering if you'd bump into each other...!
【Airi】Yeah, we couldn't believe it either. You should've heard the way Shizuku shouted when she saw who it was.
【Emu】And that was Tsukasa?!
【Airi】Yeah! Asahina was with us and...
【Emu】Whaaat?! A-A-Asahina was with you guys too?!
【Airi】We were in the same tour group, so we decided to do some sightseeing together.
【Airi】After that, we looked for souvenirs together, and later met up with Kamishiro's friends that evening to see the Hyakki Yako parade.
【Saki】I heard about the parade! Did you hear, Emu? It was supposed to be really amazing!
【Emu】No, I haven't! Can you tell us more, Airi?!
【Airi】We have plenty of time, so let me start from the beginning.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00005_b
【Airi】Oh, there's the bell... Sorry, I tried to cover as much as I could.
[Sound] bgm00180
【Emu】No, it was a great story!
【Saki】And thank you for showing us all your pictures!
【Airi】Hehe. You're welcome! Anyway, I should head back to my classroom.
【Saki】Okay! And thank you for the snacks!
【Emu】Oh, I'll share mine with Nene and the others!
[Sound] se00097_b
【Airi】(Our school trip was fun, but giving souvenirs to everyone like this is also really nice.)
【Airi】(For the first time in a while, it feels like I went on a real vacation.)
【Airi】I'm so glad I could go.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001401
[Caption] carino/carina
【Manager】Okay, here you go. The one-day-only after-party set!
[Sound] se00314_b
【Mizuki】Wow...! Omelets and pasta!
【Shizuku】Hehe. Let's all share. Here, take a napkin.
【Airi】I've got the spoons and forks right here.
【Mizuki】Thanks, Airi!
【Mizuki】*Sigh* I'm surrounded by friends and get to have all this delicious food. And I'm getting paid...?
【Airi】Hehe. Call it a reward for a job well done.
【Airi】Seriously, thanks for doing this. I'm really glad I asked you, Mizuki.
【Mizuki】Hehe. You're welcome♪ And thanks for choosing me!
【Mizuki】Also, I'm super glad that I said to you guys how I wish I could try on this cafe's uniform.
【Airi】Yeah. I might not have asked you to do this if you hadn't.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a005701
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] Two weeks earlier
【Airi】Wow! Cakes, parfaits, souffles...! This sweets menu's got everything!
【Ena】Isn't this place great? Their lunch menu's really good, but everyone comes here for the sweets.
【Mizuki】Whoa, hold up. Don't forget who told you about this place originally.
【Ena】I know. But I deserve some credit for saying that we should come here together.
【Shizuku】Hehe. Very true. So, Ena, thank you for inviting us.
【Airi】Yeah, and sorry for flip-flopping on you so suddenly. I really didn't think we could go at first.
【Ena】No, that's totally fine. The appointment you had today got postponed, right?
【Airi】Yeah, they had to call it off because one of the other personalities apparently had a scheduling conflict.
【Mizuki】Haha. That means we should thank our lucky stars. We left this day open just in case.
[Sound] se00097_b
【Waiter】Welcome. Here's some water to start. Please press the button once you're all ready to order.
【Mizuki】Okay♪
[Sound] se00097_b
【Ena】Hey, why do you keep staring at all the staff...?
【Mizuki】Hehe. I really like their uniforms. They're so cute.
【Mizuki】Dress shirts and aprons are pretty standard, but how cute are those ribbon ties?
【Ena】What do you mean? Striped ribbons don't seem all that out of the ordinary to me...
【Mizuki】I know, but theirs are all a little different to each other. Some are gathered, while others have a bit of lace on them!
【Airi】Oh, you're right...! That waitress' tie has some lace on it.
【Shizuku】Your eyes are so sharp, Mizuki. I never would've noticed.
【Mizuki】Heh heh heh. I always keep an eye out for cute uniforms♪
【Ena】Still, I'm not sure how I feel about you staring at them the way you have...
【Mizuki】Hey, don't make it sound like I'm some sort of weirdo. I'm simply appreciating their fashion choices.
【Mizuki】Oh, speaking of cute uniforms, the ones from that other cafe were also really adorable!
【Shizuku】Other cafe...? Oh, do you mean the one where Minori works?
【Airi】If you're talking about pale blue dress shirts, white aprons and blue ribbon ties, then yes.
【Mizuki】Yeah, that's it!
【Mizuki】I've always wanted to try on a cute uniform like the ones they wear. Even if it's just once.
【Ena】Then, why not just start working at a cafe?
【Mizuki】True, but I love clothes in general♪ So, I'll stick with apparel shops since that means I get to be surrounded by them.
【Airi】Yeah, I get what you mean. It must be nice to be surrounded by the things you love.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001401
【Airi】So, how was it? Did you enjoy working while wearing that uniform?
[Sound] bgm00171
【Mizuki】I've got no complaints about the uniform! It was so comfortable!
【Mizuki】I also enjoyed working here. Things did get a little crazy there for a second, but decorating parfaits and stuff was really fun.
【Airi】Okay, that's good to hear...
【Airi】(But things did get pretty hectic back there... So hectic that they didn't get to take any real breaks...)
【Airi】(Mizuki got to wear this uniform and is gonna get paid, so that's technically two birds with one stone, but...)
【Mizuki】Airi...? Is something wrong?
【Airi】Oh, um...
【Airi】Hey, I know...! We should hang out together sometime! Just us!
【Mizuki】Wait, just us?
【Airi】Yeah. We haven't done anything together yet just by ourselves, right? So, what do you say?
【Mizuki】Yeah, I'd love to! That sounds really fun!
【Mizuki】My schedule's pretty open, so just let me know when you wanna hang out! That day's totally fine too. I'm usually awake around noon.
【Airi】Hehe. Thanks. In that case, you'll hear from me then.
【Mizuki】Great! I'll be looking forward to that♪
【Shizuku】Hm? Airi, Mizuki, have either of you tried this pasta yet? It's very good.
【Airi】Oh, we were talking so much that we forgot about the food.
【Mizuki】Yeah, let's go dig in!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Caption] Airi's Room
[Sound] se00042_b
【Airi】*Sigh* Okay, this idea looks good to go!
【Airi】I really didn't expect it to come together so smoothly. I wouldn't have set aside the whole of the day after tomorrow if I knew that it would.
【Airi】But I shouldn't speak for Shizuku and the others...
【Airi】Haruka in particular likes to draft up detailed plans, which obviously takes time.
【Airi】Still, there's plenty I can do. I could study or just take that time to relax.
【Airi】Above all else, it's my chance to fulfill my promise.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] Two days later
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Airi】Mizuki, over here!
[Sound] se00100_b
【Mizuki】Morning, Airi! Thanks for inviting me out today!
【Airi】Of course. Thanks for coming!
【Airi】Hehe. And you're here right on time, unlike a certain other sleepyhead.
【Mizuki】Haha. I woke up at seven this morning because I was so excited! I could've gone to school on time for a change.
【Airi】I'm glad you were looking forward to this so much. So, let's have as much fun as we can today!
【Mizuki】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002401
【Mizuki】Hey, I didn't know this shop had all these cute sneakers!
[Sound] bgm00190
【Airi】Yeah... Oh, how about these black ones? These pink streaks seem like a nice touch.
【Mizuki】Yeah! And they aren't clunky or anything, so you could totally wear the with like a skirt.
【Airi】Mmm! This crepe's amazing! It's so buttery and sugary!
【Mizuki】I know, right?! I couldn't believe it either when I tried it the other day!
【Airi】Yeah, I know what you mean!
【Airi】*Sigh* I can feel this buttery aroma and sugary sensation expanding throughout my mouth...!
【Mizuki】Yeah, like it's being filled with pure happiness.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] Shopping Mall
[Sound] se00143_b
【Airi】That was a nice, little shopping spree! Thanks for showing me around, Mizuki.
【Mizuki】No, I should be thanking you for helping me pick out that outfit♪
【Mizuki】You're so good at using accent colors and finding a nice balance, Airi!
【Airi】Hehe. As an idol, I need to have an eye for these things. I read a lot of fashion magazines to gain all of that knowledge.
【Mizuki】Yeah, that makes a lot of sense!
【Mizuki】Also, you really know how to find the best deals.
【Mizuki】We just saw a similar outfit at a shop on Main Street, but you made sure to keep looking around since you knew there was a similar shop here too!
【Airi】I mean, I like to see what all my options are if I'm set on getting something.
【Airi】As a result, I was able to get this outfit at a more reasonable price compared to that other shop.
【Mizuki】That's so smart! I probably would've gotten the other one without a second thought!
【Airi】I don't think there's anything wrong with that since it's sort of like love at first sight, right?
【Airi】Oh, also... We've done a lot of walking without taking any breaks. Do you feel tired at all?
【Mizuki】I'm fine. These shoes I'm wearing are really comfy, and we had a quick break when we got those crepes.
【Airi】That's good to hear... I was having so much fun going to all those shops that I forgot to ask.
【Mizuki】No, it's been so long since I last visited so many shops all at once. Ena always wants to take a break after going to a couple.
【Mizuki】On the flip side, she knows where all these great cafes are, so I get to see a lot of new things.
【Airi】Hehe. Whenever I go shopping with Shizuku, I always have to make sure she doesn't wander off and get lost.
【Airi】But we do sometimes get lucky by stumbling across new shops wherever she ends up. So everything works out in the end.
【Mizuki】Haha! I love how shopping trips can feel so different depending on who you go with.
【Mizuki】And I'm really glad that we got to do this today, Airi!
【Airi】Me too!
【Airi】Now, if you've still got some gas left in the tank, wanna check out some of the shops on the other side of the station?
【Mizuki】Yeah, let's go! I've still got plenty of time left to hang out!
【Airi】Then, shall we?
【Mizuki】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Airi】Okay, is that about all for our meeting about the stream?
【Minori】Yep! We're staying here to go straight into practice today, right? I'll do my best!
【Haruka】Oh, sorry. Can I have a second before that?
【Haruka】There's something I want to talk to you guys about...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】A hundred things she wants to do...
[Sound] bgm00180
【Shizuku】Wow...! That's a wonderful notebook that Saki has.
【Minori】I bet having a notebook like that would make every day more fun since you'd be thinking about which thing to do next!
【Haruka】Hehe, that's true.
【Haruka】And one of the items on her list was “Go to a concert featuring my favorite idol”.
【Minori】Saki's favorite idol? In other words...
【Airi】Did she mean...me?
【Haruka】Yes, I think she did.
【Airi】(She wrote that list when she was in the hospital, right...?)
【Airi】(Back then, I was mainly doing variety shows and didn't get to appear in many concerts...)
【Airi】(But she still wanted to go to one of my concerts.)
【Haruka】So, I was wondering if we could do something alongside Airi to let Saki accomplish what she wanted to do...
【Haruka】What do you all think?
【Airi】C'mon...
【Airi】There's no way I wouldn't be in!
【Shizuku】Yes, I'd like to join as well. Saki is always looking after Shii, after all.
【Minori】Me too, me too! I want to help Saki accomplish what she wanted to do!
【Haruka】Thanks, everyone.
【Airi】Alright, it's decided! So, let's go ahead and decide what kind of show we should go for!
【Airi】The set list, what to do about equipment... Oh, and we'll need to set the date and time sooner rather than later!
【Shizuku】Hehe. You're so full of motivation, Airi.
【Airi】Of course I am! Saki's my dear junior and a treasured fan.
【Haruka】Saki's been rooting for you ever since your variety show days, after all.
【Airi】Right. Even when we first met, the first words out of her mouth were about how she used to watch me on TV, and how it always cheered her up...
【Airi】(That made me really happy.)
【Airi】(Back then... I wasn't able to see the Happy Everyday version of myself as an idol who gave people hope.)
【Airi】(Because of what she said, I was able to think of myself as someone who'd managed to deliver hope...)
【Airi】And every time we've met since, she's told me what she thought of our streams and all that, so she's been a great source of encouragement!
【Airi】So, now it's my turn! I wanna make this the best show possible so I can give Saki lots of hope and energy!
【Shizuku】Airi...
【Minori】Yeah...! I'll do my absolute best to make sure Saki enjoys it!
【Haruka】Then, shall we talk through the details of the show before our practice?
【Minori】Yeah!
【Airi】Where should we begin... As well as the time and date, we'll also want to decide the set list soon considering the practice we'll need to do.
【Minori】Oh! Then, how about we include an Airi solo?
【Minori】If my favorite idol sang a solo just for me... I'm confident I would pass out from the joy!
【Airi】What kind of confidence is that...?
【Airi】Still, you're right... If it'll make Saki happy, I want to do it!
【Airi】I'll try to make a list of songs that Saki might like, so I want all of your opinions too!
【Shizuku】Yes, of course!
【Haruka】Also, for the location, I'm sure Saki's also busy with her band practices, so I'm thinking it'd be best to do it here at school...
【Airi】(Hehe, seems like things are going to get busy.)
【Airi】(I'm gonna do my best to make sure Saki accomplishes what she wanted to do in the best way possible!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】Okay, I'd better call it there for stretches and get started on my homework.
【Airi】Oh, but first...
【Airi】I think I'll take a look at the letter and pictures I got from Saki!
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a000801
【Saki】Yes! I finally finished my album the other day, and...
【Saki】I was thinking, it's thanks to all the people around me that I was able to make enough memories this year to fill up an album!
【Saki】I wanted to thank you for that and for helping me with my list, so I brought gifts!
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】Hehe. It sounds like Saki finished off her list, and I'm so glad! I can't wait to see what photos she chose for me.
[Sound] se00077_b
【Airi】Oh... This is from our chocolate fondue party.
【Airi】And this one's from the time we made chocolate treats for Valentine's Day! Hehe, that takes me back...!
【Airi】Oh, she wrote about her memories of when each picture was taken in the letter, right? What does it say...?
[Sound] se00122_b
【Saki's Letter】“When it comes to my memories with you, I couldn't leave out Valentine's Day!”
【Saki's Letter】“You were sooo helpful and cool when we made chocolate desserts together!”
【Saki's Letter】“Your easy-to-understand baking lessons were one thing, but your ad-libbing also saved us when that unexpected trouble came up!”
【Airi】Hehe, that's right. It was pretty bad when Shizuku, Ichika and Tsukasa came to her house while we were there making our desserts.
【Airi】We sure did panic that our surprise was about to be ruined!
【Airi】It's nice having this letter since it helps me remember a lot of stuff while I look at the picture.
【Airi】This is such a wonderful gift. I'll have to thank Saki again later.
【Airi】Still... At this point, it really feels like this is the group when it comes to anything chocolate.
【Airi】Hehe, maybe I'll invite them to make desserts using a different type of chocolate next time♪
【Airi】Let's see, the next picture is... Oh, this is from that show we did.
[Sound] se00122_b
【Airi】This is a great picture of the two of us! I'm glad!
【Airi】The part of the letter for this photo is... Oh, here?
[Sound] se00122_b
【Saki's Letter】“This picture of you and me after your concert! I was so happy!”
【Saki's Letter】“Airi, thank you so much for putting on a concert just for me!”
【Saki's Letter】“Getting to see the idols I follow perform made me suuuper happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!”
【Airi】You needed that many exclamation points?!
【Airi】Well, I guess she enjoyed it just that much.
【Saki's Letter】“I'd always wanted to go see one of your concerts...”
【Saki's Letter】“I told you this before, but back when I was in the hospital, seeing you on TV cheered me up so much!”
【Saki's Letter】“Even though I couldn't spend time with my friends, I was never lonely when I was watching TV...”
【Saki's Letter】“And Happy Everyday gave me courage with the way she worked hard to make everybody smile, so I was able to push through my awful medical tests!”
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Oh...
【Saki's Letter】“So, I wanted to cheer you on in person for giving me so much hope... And that's why I wanted to go to one of your concerts!”
[Sound] bgm00039
【Airi】Saki...
【Airi】So the reason you put going to one of my concerts on your list was so you could cheer me on...
【Saki's Letter】“The other day, I was so incredibly moved that I didn't really manage to cheer for you...”
【Saki's Letter】“But! I'm going to keep cheering for you a whole lot to make up for that!”
【Saki's Letter】“Because now that I've seen you perform live, I love you and MORE MORE JUMP! more and more than ever!”
【Saki's Letter】“Thank you for always giving me so much hope!”
【Saki's Letter】“Airi, you're so kind, so cute, so cool, and I'll always be your fan! Love, Saki”
【Airi】Thank you, Saki...
【Airi】I'm so grateful.
【Airi】(I'm the one who needs to be thanking you.)
【Airi】(I mean...)
【Airi】(It's thanks to people like you, who tell me that I've given you hope... As long as I have you... As long as we have you, we can keep doing our best.)
【Airi】(And to make sure I'll always remain the idol you love...)
【Airi】Alright! I'm gonna keep doing my best tomorrow!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
[Sound] se00045_b
【Airi】Hm...?
【Airi】Morning, Minori. Were you about to start stretching?
【Minori】Oh, yeah...
【Airi】You seem a little down... Did something happen?
【Minori】So... There is something that's been bothering me...
【Airi】Then, let's talk about it. Shizuku and Haruka aren't here yet anyway.
【Minori】Really? Then...
【Minori】The teacher for the animal caretaker committee asked me to teach some of the first-years how to look after the rabbits.
【Airi】Oh, right... We talked about that, and you practiced giving your instructions.
【Minori】Yeah... The teacher even said that I'm the perfect person because I did such a good job last year.
【Minori】Yeah, I asked everyone for their advice, practiced what I'm gonna say and was really excited about this opportunity...
【Minori】But I'm starting to feel really nervous...!
【Airi】Hang on. How'd things go for you in junior high? Weren't you also on the animal caretaker committee back then?
【Minori】I was, but the teacher did most of the instructing. The students usually just gave quick demonstrations...
【Airi】Still, Minori, this isn't like you...
【Airi】Where's your usual, “Let's break through!” mantra?
【Minori】B-But... I don't wanna break anything!
【Minori】Taking care of the rabbits is a really important job. And...
【Airi】And...?
【Minori】Umm...
【Minori】I'm not just any second-year now... I'm Minori Hanasato from MORE MORE JUMP!
【Airi】...
【Minori】I have to think that some of the first-years are going to see me as an idol...
【Minori】Which is why... I feel that I need to not disappoint them by staying cool and setting a good example.
【Airi】Minori...
【Minori】Haha... Maybe I sound kinda conceited since I'm still getting on my feet as an idol.
【Airi】What are you talking about? The point you brought up matters a lot.
【Airi】Yes, you're an idol now. You're Minori Hanasato from MORE MORE JUMP! That's a fact.
【Minori】Airi...
【Airi】Still, I do think you're overthinking this a bit...
【Airi】It is important to see yourself as an idol, but you also need to keep in mind that you're at school.
【Airi】You should be teaching your junior not just as an idol, but also as an experienced member of the animal caretaker committee.
【Minori】An experienced member of the committee...
【Airi】Yeah. I mean, you know a lot about taking care of the rabbits and getting them to like you, right?
【Airi】Some of them might be really curious since it could be their first time being on such a committee.
【Minori】Oh, you're right!
【Airi】Although, a couple could be there because they lost a game of rock paper scissors or something.
【Minori】B-But the rabbits are so cute! I'm sure they're gonna love taking care of them...
【Minori】Oh, learning to like the rabbits could help them enjoy being on this committee!
【Airi】(Finally! There's our usual Minori!)
【Airi】That's the spirit, Minori! Try thinking more along those lines!
【Minori】Right!
【Minori】Thanks for listening, Airi! I'm gonna do my best to show them the ropes!
【Airi】Great.
【Airi】And I'm sure you'll do just fine.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 3-E
[Sound] se00046_b
【Classmate A】Morning, Momoi, Hinomori. Oh, wait, it's already past noon...
【Classmate B】Are you all done with work?
【Airi】Yeah, we rushed over after realizing that we might be able to make afternoon classes.
【Classmate A】That's so admirable. I probably would've gone straight home.
【Shizuku】Still, there aren't many others here today.
【Airi】They might be getting lunch.
【Classmate B】Some are, but a lot have work this afternoon.
【Classmate A】Oh, that reminds me. The teacher said we'll be doing badminton instead of volleyball for P.E. later.
【Airi】Oh, okay. Thanks for the heads up.
[Sound] se00347_b
【Airi】Lunch doesn't end for a little bit... Wanna study while we can, Shizuku?
【Shizuku】Yes... Then, let's go over what we'll be doing in English today.
【Airi】Yeah, good idea.
[Sound] se00122_b
【Airi】Just the same old, same old...
【Airi】Go to work, then to school, study together... It's like nothing's changed.
【Shizuku】Hehe. You're right.
【Shizuku】At the same time, I think that's a good thing since getting used to a new routine is always difficult for me.
【Airi】Really...? I kinda wish we had more going on.
【Airi】We're in our final year, but it's just business as usual, you know?
【Airi】(Maybe I should've joined a committee or something like Shizuku.)
【Shizuku】Speaking of which, Airi, have you had a chance to visit the tea ceremony club?
【Airi】Huh? Now that you mention it, no...
【Shizuku】Then, why don't you go? New students will be visiting soon, yes?
【Airi】Oh, right...! Then I probably should!
【Airi】But I could ask you the same thing, Shizuku. You haven't been by the archery club yet, right...?
【Shizuku】No, I haven't. I was planning on going the next time we're not scheduled to work.
【Airi】Hehe. Now we both have something to look forward to.
【Airi】Wait, we should be focusing on English right now.
【Airi】Sorry. After suggesting that we should study...
【Shizuku】That's okay. We still have time.
【Shizuku】But I also enjoy talking with you at school like this, so I wouldn't mind if we continued.
【Airi】Alright, hold your horses. I'm sorry for getting sidetracked, so let's get back to studying...
【Shizuku】Okay...
【Airi】(Seriously, nothing's changed since we were placed in the same class during our first year...)
【Airi】(We study together, talk about what's going on at school...)
【Airi】(I guess it's just our daily routine.)
【Airi】(If anything's changed, I'd have to say...)
【Airi】(How we're members of the same idol group now.)
【Shizuku】Oh, Airi... Can you tell me what this idiom means?
【Airi】W-We're doing idioms?
【Airi】I have a pretty good grasp of vocab now, but I haven't really been looking at idioms and stuff.
【Shizuku】Me neither...
【Shizuku】Then, why don't we try focusing on those whenever we study English together from now on?
【Airi】Yeah, that might be a good idea.
【Airi】But we need to go over what we're gonna cover in class today! Let's do our best!
【Shizuku】Right!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】(Okay, I'm all done with my homework...)
【Airi】(That just leaves...the file I was working on for our next meeting. I think I'll call it a night after finishing that up. I'm pretty sure I saved it in—)
[Sound] se00004_b
【Airi】Huh? Who's sending me an email at this hour? Let's see...
【Airi】Oh, an official offer to appear on that program!
【Airi】(It's just one appearance, but this is TV we're talking about. Thank goodness too, since we were hoping that we'd get it.)
【Airi】They even included a schedule. Okay, shoot date's the same as we discussed...
【Airi】Huh? Wait, it's supposed to end at...?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Minori】We get to do another on-site shoot!
【Minori】And this one's for a camping special! What do you think we're gonna do?!
【Shizuku】I hope we get to spend the night in tents. That sounds like so much fun.
【Haruka】Hmm... The schedule they sent over said they want to do everything in one day. I'm not sure we'll be spending the night...
【Minori】Oh, okay...
【Minori】Wait, doesn't that mean we get to camp during the day?! That also sounds like fun!
【Shizuku】Yes, it does. But it's very far away, and the shoot's supposed to end in the evening. Going there and back may prove a bit challenging.
【Haruka】Yeah, I agree.
【Airi】Heh heh heh...
【Minori】A-Airi...?
【Airi】That brings me to my spectacular solution...
【Airi】Why don't we go stay somewhere for this shoot?
【Minori】S-Stay somewhere?!
【Airi】Yup. Shizuku's right about going there and back in one day being tough. When I was looking at this schedule yesterday, I remembered something really important...
【Airi】They asked us to keep three days open just in case the shoot doesn't move forward as scheduled, so we have nothing going on during the days before and after.
【Airi】Which means we can take this opportunity to stay somewhere nice.
【Airi】We've been super busy lately, right? Wouldn't it be nice to refresh ourselves with a little vacation...?
【Minori】Oh, yes! I wanna stay somewhere!
【Shizuku】Me too! This is so exciting! We hardly ever get to do that outside of training camps.
【Haruka】True. And I agree with Airi about how busy we've been lately. Some rest and relaxation would be nice.
【Airi】That's what I like to hear! Then, let's all decide on a place to stay!
【Minori】Where might be good? Do you think searching on any of the travel sites will help?
【Haruka】We have to keep our shoot in mind, so somewhere close would be ideal.
【Airi】Right. We can try looking for places near this campground and... Oh, that's a lot of results.
[Sound] se00183_b
【Minori】It's not just hotels! Fancy inns too! So many choices! Which do we choose?
【Minori】Wow, this one has rooms with outdoor baths attached! I could spend a whole day in a room like this...!
【Airi】Hold your horses. Don't forget that we're going for work.
【Airi】The shoot still comes first! The R&R's just an added bonus.
【Minori】*Gasp* Right!
【Shizuku】Oh, how about this place? It's close to the campground, and the views this room has to offer look spectacular.
【Airi】Lemme see... Wait, this is a suite with a view of the mountains! This is way out of our budget!
【Haruka】It does offer some amazing views. It's on the top floor after all...
【Airi】*Sigh* Haruka, do you have any suggestions or requests? Anything you want included or places you wanna go?
【Haruka】Me? No, nothing in particular... But it might be a nice change of pace to stay at an inn since we'll get to experience something out of the ordinary.
【Minori】Yeah, like wearing yukatas and having meals brought to our room... That definitely would be a special experience!
【Airi】An inn, huh...? I'll try filtering the results for just those. Gimme a sec...
[Sound] se00183_b
【Airi】Oh, how about this one? It's got pretty much everything that we want, and there's a big hot spring on site.
【Shizuku】Oh, you're right. Not only that, it seems to have such a lovely atmosphere. I think...“warm” is the word I'm looking for.
【Minori】The food in these pictures also looks really amazing! Is this one meal?! I dunno if my tummy can handle all that!
【Haruka】And it looks like they have rooms big enough for all four of us. Why don't we try staying here?
【Airi】Sounds like a plan! I'll see if they have any rooms open.
【Haruka】Thanks for doing this, Airi.
【Minori】We get to stay at an inn... Oh, this means we can have ice cream together after we take a bath!
【Shizuku】That sounds like fun! It said the inn's right by a river, so it'd also be nice to go out for a walk.
【Haruka】Good idea. A nature walk sounds really refreshing and a nice way to stretch our legs.
【Airi】(I feel like it's been a little while since we all got so excited about something other than work.)
【Airi】(We've been super busy lately... So we should try to make the most of these sorts of opportunities.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_e001301
[Sound] se00309_b
[Caption] Aboard a train
【Airi】(*Sigh* It's still gonna take a while to get where we're going.)
【Airi】(I know. Maybe we could use this time to see if that schedule I shared with everyone yesterday looks okay.)
【Airi】Hey, every—
[Sound] se00309_b
【Airi】Oh...
【Haruka】Is something the matter, Airi?
【Airi】Oh, I was hoping that we could check over that schedule I sent you all yesterday...
【Airi】But I guess these two can't right now.
【Haruka】They're fast asleep.
【Airi】We have been pretty busy lately. I'd rather not wake then, so maybe we can look over our schedule after we get to the inn.
【Haruka】Sounds good.
【Haruka】Still, it's a shame that they're sleeping instead of seeing this beautiful scenery...
【Airi】Whoa, you're right! It's so beautiful... Nothing but green as far as the eye can see...!
【Airi】I've gotta post a picture of this!
[Sound] se00055_b
【Airi】(Hmm... What should I go for? More of a full landscape or a pic that includes the window to let everyone know we're traveling...?)
【Airi】(Oh, or a shot of our reflections in the—)
【Haruka】Airi, look this way for me.
【Airi】Huh?
[Sound] se00075_b
【Airi】Wait, hey! You could've warned me before taking that!
【Haruka】Hehe. I thought everyone online would like seeing us in our natural state.
【Airi】I get what you mean... But submit it for approval first. Idols still have to be idols even in their “natural state”!
【Haruka】Submit it for approval...?
【Airi】Anyway, you're not posting that. Our next one's gonna look a lot better. So, Haruka, smile!
【Haruka】Okay, one second. Ready?
[Sound] se00075_b
【Airi】Hey, not bad! Let's go with this one!
【Haruka】Since we're uploading both, I'll also send you the other one.
【Airi】Hey, I said we're not uploading that one!
[Sound] se00024_b
【Airi】Oh... We got another email for work. Come to think of it, we still have a few that we haven't replied to yet.
【Haruka】Need any help?
【Airi】Thanks for offering, but I'm okay for now. I'll just reply to the most urgent ones.
【Airi】(That being said, it has been getting hard lately to actually deal with everything all on our own.)
【Airi】(As nice as it is that we're getting all these offers, dealing with scheduling has been hard on all of us...)
【Airi】(So, we really could use a manager.)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】(Anyway, I'm gonna reply to all the emails that need my attention right now.)
[Sound] bgm00180
【Haruka】Airi, are you all finished?
【Airi】Yeah, for now. Were you reading a book just now, Haruka?
【Haruka】Yeah, it's a novel that one of our fans recommended. I was hoping to share my thoughts on it during a stream in the future.
【Airi】Oh, a novel...?
【Haruka】I'm pretty close to finishing it, so want to borrow it once I'm done? It's actually pretty good.
【Airi】I am interested, but I'll pass for now. Reading for too long on a moving train might make me sick.
【Airi】Speaking of which, Haruka, do you not get motion sickness or anything? You seemed pretty focused just now.
【Haruka】No, now that you mention it, I don't really get motion sickness or anything. Even when I was still in ASRUN, I read scripts during our rides over...
【Haruka】Oh, I remember going through fan mail while on buses for shoots. That usually gave me all the motivation I needed to do my best.
【Airi】Wow... I guess that means your inner ear's tough to agitate.
【Airi】(Still, it's really like her to think of her fans even during a bus ride.)
【Airi】Um, Haruka?
【Haruka】Yes?
【Airi】I'm not letting you hog the spotlight during this shoot!
【Haruka】I wouldn't want you to. Let's make it a good one.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] Satellite Puroland - Green Room
【Airi】It's almost time... Are we all ready?
【Shizuku】Yes, I'm ready.
【Haruka】Let's be sure to make “Cookie Baking Excitement With My Melody and MORE MORE JUMP!” a success so we can spread hope to everyone here at Puroland.
【Minori】Yeah!
【Minori】But wow, this has been such a surprise! We're at a satellite park, but I still never thought we'd get to stand on a Sanrio Puroland stage with the one and only My Mel!
【Airi】Well, it was originally supposed to be Nanamin and them appearing. We got the call last-minute because they ended up not being able to make it.
【Haruka】Right. Apparently Hayakawa recommended us as their replacements.
【Shizuku】That means a lot to us. It shows that she trusts us to take her place.
【Airi】Definitely. Nanamin and all the staff have placed their trust in us, so let's make this event great for them too!
[Sound] se00048_b
[Sound] se00045_b
【Staff Member】MORE MORE JUMP!, you're up! Please take the stage!
【Airi】Oh, we'll be right there!
【Airi】Okay, let's go!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_i000112
[Sound] bgm00252
[Caption] Wisdom Tree Stage
[Sound] se00254_b
【My Melody】Hi, everyone! I'm so happy to see all these friends here to see me today♪
[Sound] se00595
【Child A】Oh, it's starting!
【Child B】My Mel's sooo cute...!
【My Melody】Hehe, thank you♪
【My Melody】So, everyone, I've actually made some new friends. Here, I'll introduce them to you!
【My Melody】MORE MORE JUMP!, over here!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori, Haruka, Airi & Shizuku】Okay!
[Sound] se00525_b
【Minori】Hi, everyone!
[Sound] bgm00137
【Minori】Don't give up on your dreams, Minorinrin♪ Here's a bouquet of hope for you! I'm Minori Hanasato from MORE MORE JUMP!
[Sound] se00089_b
【Haruka】No matter how far, may this song of hope reach you! I'm Haruka Kiritani from MORE MORE JUMP!
[Sound] se00089_b
【Airi】One special delivery of love coming right up!
【Airi】It's the lovely fairy, Airi! Airi Momoi from MORE MORE JUMP! at your service!
[Sound] se00089_b
【Shizuku】Here to bring you a burst of happiness. I'm Shizuku Hinomori from MORE MORE JUMP!
[Sound] se00089_b
【Shizuku】It's wonderful to meet all of you♪
[Sound] se00595
【My Melody】Ooh, clappity clap clap!
【My Melody】So, everyone, MORE MORE JUMP! and I actually baked some cookies together the other day.
【My Melody】Baking together was more fun than doing it alone, and I got even closer with everyone in MORE MORE JUMP! that way♡
【My Melody】The cookies turned out more and more delicious too♪
【Airi】That's right. So, we were talking about how we want to bake with everyone who's here today.
【My Melody】Mhm♪ Will you all help us bake some cookies?
【Children】Yeah!
【My Melody】Yaaay♪
【My Melody】Okay then, let the cookie baking excitement...♪
【Minori, Haruka, Airi & Shizuku】Begin♪
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Next, we mix up the dough! The idea is to use a rubber spatula and fold in the ingredients ten times or so♪
[Sound] bgm00199
【My Melody】Okay♪ Mixy mixy... Huh? I forget how many times that was...
【Airi】Hehe, it's fine to go a little over or under.
【Haruka】Another five times or so should be good. This time, let's all try counting together while we do it.
【Minori】Here we go, everyone! Ready...? One, two, three...
【Airi】Next, we'll flatten the dough out! We need to take this rolling pin and make everything even... Do you think you could do that, My Mel?
【My Melody】Sure! Huff... Huff... Phew. The pin is heavy, so this is kind of tiring.
【Shizuku】Making treats definitely takes some energy.
【My Melody】Yeah... But I think I can keep trying if everyone does it with me♪
【Minori】Then let's all get rolling and cheer My Mel on!
【Shizuku】Let's all do the rolly dance together♪
【Haruka】I'll start us off. Put your hands out a little bit in front of you. Now extend them... And pull back. Extend... Pull back. That's how we do it.
【Airi】Did you all get it? Then let's do it together! Ready...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] One hour later
【Airi】The event was a huge success!
【Minori】Yeah! I'm glad everyone seemed to have fun making treats with My Mel!
【Haruka】They got really into helping out and were talking about how cute she is the whole time.
【Shizuku】She really was cute. I like her even more after doing this event together♪
【Airi】Yeah. She's true to her feelings and has a bright disposition... She kinda lives at her own pace sometimes, but there's something lovely about that too...
【Airi】If she was part of the idol world, she'd probably be a tough rival.
【Haruka】Hehe, that's true.
【Minori】Oh yeah. Before we leave today, would it be okay if we stopped by the Entrance Shop?
【Minori】I took a peek earlier and saw they were selling all kinds of adorable treats and stuff, so it's been on my mind...!
【Airi】Sure. We're already here, so let's stop by.
【Haruka】I want to see it too.
【Minori】Yay!
[Caption] Entrance Shop
【Haruka】Hmm... Oh, there he is! It's Tuxedosam! I've been wanting a plushie of him.
【Shizuku】So this rabbit's name is Wish me mell. It's very cute how the pads on her feet are shaped like hearts...!
【Minori】Ooh...! They have Kirimichan. keychains! Hehe, so cute!
【Minori】Wait, huh?! On the tag, it says her dream is to have someone eat her and appreciate how delicious she is! I-I could never do that!
【Airi】What's going on with Minori, standing there flailing her arms around like that?
【Airi】I'm curious, but I should be thinking about what to get as a souvenir.
【Airi】Oh...
【Airi】(These cookies have My Mel printed on them...)
【Airi】(It'll be kind of a shame to eat them since they're so cute... But we baked cookies together on stage, so these are the perfect way to remember today.)
【Airi】I've decided! I'll go with these.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】*Sigh* I'm so glad today's event went well.
【Airi】We've gotta keep up the good work so even more people get to know us!
【Airi】Still... My Mel really was amazing. The way she talked and her dancing were so cute it felt unfair.
【Airi】Oh... That reminds me, I bought those My Mel cookies as a souvenir. Maybe I'll try some.
【???】...～♪
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】I thought I heard singing just now... Was it coming from my phone?
【???】...～♪ ～～♪
【Airi】Yeah, I definitely hear it. That's odd, nothing should be playing... Are Miku and the others putting on a show or something?
【Airi】I'll drop in to take a look.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Airi】Oh? Nobody's here... Then, that voice was...
【???】Hmmmhmhm, hmmm♪
【Airi】...!
【Airi】Oh... It sounds like it's coming from this ball of light.
【Airi】What is this? It feels like I've seen it somewhere before...
【Airi】And this voice, could it be...?
[Sound] se00092_b
【Airi】Wah...?!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_i000113
[Sound] bgm00251
[Caption] ???
【Airi】Wha... Huh?! Where am I?!
【Airi】I was in SEKAI until just a second ago, wasn't I...?
【Airi】Those people over there... Is that Minori and the others?!
【Minori's Voice】Oh! Airiii!
[Sound] se00466_b
【Haruka】So you're here too, Airi.
【Airi】Yes. And just where is here...?
【Shizuku】We just arrived as well... But we were just talking about how it feels a bit like Puroland.
【Airi】Oh... Now that you mention it, it does...
【???】Hm hmhm hmhmmm♪
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】...!
【Haruka】Did you hear a voice just now?
【Airi】I did. I was following this voice when I somehow ended up here!
【Airi】We might be able to get some ideas for how to get home, so let's head toward the voice!
[Sound] se00172_b
【Haruka】Over there, that's...
【Minori】My Mel?!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Airi】I'd thought just maybe it could be her, but to think that she's actually here...!
【Shizuku】But what is she doing?
【Haruka】This is just a guess, but... Don't you think she's making cookies? Look, she's got some sort of dough under a roller.
【Airi】You're right. Plus... Doesn't this place remind you of the stage where we did that event with her? Even the set is identical.
【Minori】I-It is...! What does it all mean...?
【My Melody】Hmmmhm, hmmm♪ Extend... Pull back. Rolly rolly roll...
【My Melody】Phew... I sure am tired. Time to take a little break♪
【Airi】Looks like she's having a hard time...
【Airi】Hey, everyone. Why don't we go help My Mel?
【Airi】I don't think I'll be able to leave her to it... And while we're at it, let's see if she knows anything about this place she can share.
【Haruka】Sounds good. Let's talk to her.
【Minori】Heeey, My Meeel!
[Sound] bgm00000
【My Melody】Phew... Now we just wait for them to bake in the oven♪
[Sound] bgm00024
【My Melody】Thanks for helping me, everyone.
【Airi】There's no need to thank us. I like making treats too, so this was fun.
【Shizuku】And thank you for telling us about this place, My Mel.
【Minori】You said this is a SEKAI born from the feelings of wanting to visit Puroland again and thinking about how fun it was, right?
【Haruka】If that's the case, I can certainly understand why it resembles Puroland so much.
【My Melody】Hey, everyone. Would you like to have a tea party while we wait for the cookies to bake? I have some really yummy tea♪
【Airi】That would be lovely! We got this chance to meet, so let's have a nice long chat!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00058_b
【My Melody】Okay, here you are♪
[Sound] se00423_b
【Minori】Thank you! Wow, it smells so good!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Shizuku】By the way, My Mel, why were you baking cookies?
【My Melody】So I can give them to my precious friend♪
【My Melody】So, I handed out the cookies to all my friends the other day... But I was short one for her, so she and I had to split one.
【My Melody】That's why I'm making lots and lots this time, so she can eat her fill!
【Airi】So that's why... You care for your friends very much, My Mel.
【My Melody】Hehe...
【My Melody】Oh... But, I've always loved to bake cookies.
【My Melody】My dream is to get much, much better so I can open a dessert shop and make everybody happy with my treats.
【Haruka】I see. That's a truly wonderful dream.
【My Melody】Thank you♪ What are your dreams?
【Minori】We're working really hard to become idols who give people hope for a better tomorrow!
【My Melody】Wow, what a wonderful dream. I'll be cheering for you!
【My Melody】You're all so cute and dazzling, so I think you'll be able to give people lots of hope♪
【Shizuku】Hehe, thank you. But I think you're also very cute and dazzling, My Mel.
【My Melody】Am I?
【Minori】Yeah! I think so too!
【My Melody】Hehehe...♪
【Minori, Haruka & Shizuku】So cute...!
【Airi】(Th-This is against the rules...!)
[Sound] bgm00000
【My Melody】They're finished!
[Sound] bgm00253
【Shizuku】I'm glad they appear to have come out well.
【My Melody】Yeah♪ Now to give them a taste. *Blow* *Munch*
【My Melody】Wow, it's so delicious♪ Here everyone, you should try them too♪
【Airi】Okay, I'll have one. Oh, this really is delicious! I'm sure your friend will be delighted.
【My Melody】Yay♪
【My Melody】Actually, Airi, you kind of remind me of my friend.
【Airi】Oh, I do?
【My Melody】Mhm. She's super sweet, just like you♪
【Airi】Hehe, well thank you! I'm happy to hear you say that.
【My Melody】Hey, I want to talk with all of you some more, so... How about we have another tea party, with cookies this time?
【Minori】Huh? But didn't you say these cookies are for your friend?
【My Melody】There's a whooole lot, so it'll be okay if we eat a little bit♪
【Haruka】Well then, I think we'd like to take you up on that.
【Shizuku】Yes. I want to talk with you more too, My Mel.
【Airi】Tell us lots about your friend, too!
【My Melody】Okay♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Airi】*Stretch* It's so nice out today.
【Shizuku】Yes, having dance practice outside is going to feel so wonderful.
【Airi】Yeah, but we have something else to take care of first.
【Haruka】The debrief for the shoot we did the other day?
【Airi】Yes! We need to do that before it slips our minds.
【Airi】Still, to be fair, it's only been three days.
【Minori】I mean, so much stuff happened. First, we were asked to fill in for another group, and then there was that issue with the cameras during the shoot.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a004501
【Arimura】*Sigh* Technical difficulties... Missing forty minutes of footage puts us in a tough situation.
【Minori】I'm surprised this kind of thing happened at a TV studio during a shoot...
【Airi】Me too. I've heard of stuff like this happening, but this is my first time actually being on site as it did...
【Haruka】This is the stuff of nightmares to the camera crew since such a simple mistake can cascade into fairly serious problems for the show.
【Yuika】Oh, I'm not so sure about this now... We're going to sound really phony if we're not careful...
【MYU】The packaging for everything that I brought in has been opened up. Worse, we went through most of what we had. They're in our stomachs now.
[Background Change] bg_a000801
【Airi】Honestly, I didn't know how we were gonna get through that one...
【Haruka】But we managed to in the end. And we have Minori to thank for coming up with a replacement idea.
【Shizuku】Including the producer and the rest of the crew. They couldn't stop thanking you.
【Minori】Hehe...
【Airi】To tell you the truth, Minori, I was a little worried about you then...
【Minori】Huh? Me?
【Airi】Remember how you pulled out all the stops after the break? You really helped get a good thing going for us.
【Airi】So, I was worried that you were feeling crushed after hearing how they didn't record any of it...
【Airi】My plan was to cheer you up as best I could, but I'm glad I didn't have to in the end.
【Minori】Airi...! You were that worried about me...?!
【Airi】No, just a tiny bit. Also, personal space. Quit inching closer like that.
【Haruka】I was also a little worried. After the break, you seemed to do whatever you could to make things more entertaining for the audience.
【Shizuku】Did something happen during the break?
【Minori】Oh, so...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Audience Member Ａ】I was really looking forward to seeing LiLia here today. I mean, that's why I applied to be a member of the audience.
【Audience Member Ｂ】Oh, they're overseas right now. Apparently, they're having trouble flying back due to bad weather.
【Audience Member Ｂ】But I still wish LiLia were here.
[Background Change] bg_a000801
【Minori】There was probably no way we could've made up for LiLia not being there...
【Minori】But I still wanted the audience to go home smiling and filled with encouragement!
【Shizuku】I had no idea...
【Airi】Minori...
【Minori】Hehe. Yes?
【Airi】Why'd you go and do everything by yourself?! Seriously, you should've roped us in!
[Sound] se00585
[Sound] bgm00171
【Minori】Owwy!
【Minori】Airi, that hurts! I was so sure you were going to praise me!
【Airi】I did just a second ago.
【Airi】*Sigh* I was wondering why you were trying so hard. This explains everything.
【Haruka】Still, Airi, there's no point in getting mad at her.
【Airi】I know. But she shouldn't have kept us in the dark!
【Minori】B-But I didn't have time to tell you! Our break ended so fast...!
【Minori】Oh, that reminds me...
【Airi】Don't tell me there's something else you forgot to tell us...
【Minori】Uhh... Y-Yes, there is... So...
【Airi】Our landlady was at the studio?!
【Minori】Y-Yeah. Remember how she was on her way to see a shoot when we helped her? She was there to see another one.
【Shizuku】Hehe. She must love TV just that much.
【Haruka】I guess so...
【Minori】Anyway, she said she overheard what the audience was saying, and was really worried...
【Minori】But I felt so much better after talking to her. I was able to clear my thoughts, figure out what's most important and do my best after the break...
【Airi】Alright, I'm guessing that's everything...?
【Minori】Yes, that's everything!
【Airi】Good!
【Shizuku】Is that why she's taken such an interest in us? Was she inspired by what Minori did...?
【Haruka】Hehe. You might be right.
【Minori】Really? Oh, does that make me the MVP?!
【Airi】She said “might”.
【Airi】(A house meant only for those who can make their dreams come true.)
【Airi】(Our landlady couldn't have asked for a better fit.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b003001
【Airi】Hello!
【Elderly Lady】Welcome, everyone. Thank you for stopping by to clean today.
【Elderly Lady】Still, I wish I had more time. I would've asked a cleaning service to send someone over...
【Minori】No, that's okay since we asked if we could move in as soon as possible!
【Minori】Also, I'm on my school's animal caretaker committee, so cleaning is my forte!
【Shizuku】Oh, and I used to be on the cleanup committee. We promise to do our best today.
【Airi】I get the cleanup committee, but what does taking care of animals have to do with this?
【Minori】Everything! We have to work quickly but discreetly in order to keep the rabbits from getting too scared!
【Haruka】Oh, Kohane and Hinomori also mentioned that.
【Haruka】They really admire how efficiently you're able to clean the cage.
【Airi】Really? In that case, we'll be counting on you today.
【Minori】Alright, let's do our best to make this place shine!
【Airi, Haruka & Shizuku】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Can you reach all the really high places using the feather duster, Shizuku?
[Sound] bgm00190
【Shizuku】Yes, I think so.
【Airi】You'll probably want to wear a mask. I'd rather not have you breathe in that dust.
[Sound] se00055_b
【Airi】Here, put this on.
【Shizuku】Thank you, Airi. I really appreciate it.
[Sound] se00043_b
【Haruka】Mind if I use that floor wiper you brought, Airi? I want to try using it on the screen door.
【Airi】Sure, but do you know how to clean a screen door?
【Haruka】How? Does that mean it's not a good idea to just wipe it down?
【Airi】See how it's a big mesh? There's a trick to cleaning this kind of stuff.
【Airi】Minori, Shizuku, can you two take care of this? I'm gonna go help Haruka.
【Minori & Shizuku】Okay!
【Airi】Next up is the kitchen! Let's start with the hardest part, the ventilation.
【Minori】Oh, we'll need something to catch anything that comes out! We can use some of this newspaper!
【Airi】Hey, that's perfect! You sound like a pro, Minori!
【Airi】Can you get us some hot water, Haruka, Shizuku?
【Haruka】On it.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00091_b
【Minori】Wow...! It's so clean now!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Shizuku】Yes, including the floors and windows! They're sparkling!
【Airi】Now we can move in without a second thought!
【Haruka】Yeah.
【Haruka】You and Airi did a great job of leading, Minori.
【Shizuku】I agree. It seemed like you both knew exactly what to do every time.
【Minori】Hehe. Again, being on the animal caretaker committee has taught me a lot!
【Airi】Yeah, I didn't see you hesitate once. I have no choice but to say that you being a member of the animal caretaker committee helped a lot.
【Minori】Woohoo!
【Minori】But you were definitely way more amazing, Airi! I mean, you knew how to properly clean an air conditioner!
【Haruka】I agree... It took you so little time to take out the fans and filters.
【Airi】My dad taught me how. Actually, more like he made me learn...
【Airi】I'm sure you already know, but he loves doing housework...
【Airi】Be it cooking or cleaning, whenever he discovers a new life hack, he doesn't rest until the rest of us have also learned it.
【Haruka】I see.
[Sound] se00043_b
【Elderly Lady】How's the cleaning going?
【Elderly Lady】Oh, would you look at that...! Everything's sparkling.
【Minori】Yes, we just finished a second ago!
【Elderly Lady】Thank you all for your hard work. I wasn't expecting you to be this thorough.
【Airi】No, it was our pleasure since we're the ones moving in.
【Elderly Lady】Hehe. And I'm sure you'll take good care of this place.
【Elderly Lady】Now, how about some tea? I'm sure it'll taste even better now that your new home is clean.
【Minori】Oh, you're making tea for us?!
【Airi】Thank you very much! Then, if you don't mind...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】Hmm... We could make it a tournament, but with just four people it'll probably be over before we know it.
【Airi】Which means a free-for-all is the way to go. We could have five-minute rounds that...
[Sound] se00042_b
[Sound] se00083_b
【Airi】Whoa, it's already this late? Time flies when you're working on a stream.
【Airi】Wait, more importantly! I've gotta get ready for that call...
[Sound] se00055_b
【Airi】Let's see... The link should be... Aha! Here it is!
[Sound] se00183_b
【Airi】Right in the nick of time. I'll join in now...
[Sound] se00183_b
[Sound] se00084_b
[Background Change] bg_f000303
【Ichika】<Oh, Momoi. Good evening...>
[Background Change] bg_b000602
【Minori】<Good evening!>
[Background Change] bg_e000102
【Kanade】<Good evening.>
【Kanade】<Sorry for setting up this call for so late...>
[Background Change] bg_h000433
【Airi】<That's okay. The two of us sort of have to squeeze in meetings like this when we can because of work.>
[Background Change] bg_f000303
【Ichika】<I'm also really busy between school and band practice... It's actually really nice to talk from home for a change.>
[Background Change] bg_e000102
【Kanade】<Thank you all very much...>
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】<Anyway, let's get started.>
[Background Change] bg_h000474
【Ichika】<Right. What do we need to do for our tea party?>
【Airi】<Yeah, we have a lot to prepare, but we'll need to start by making invitations for everyone.>
[Background Change] bg_h000475
【Kanade】<I agree. We're going through the trouble of holding a tea party, so we should make it feel like one.>
[Background Change] bg_b000602
【Minori】<Still, making nice-looking invitations from scratch sounds really hard...>
[Background Change] bg_h000433
【Airi】<Not to worry! I've got a plan.>
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】<Gimme one second. I'll send you all my secret weapon.>
[Sound] se00183_b
[Background Change] bg_e000102
[Sound] se00037_b
【Kanade】<Oh, I just got it...>
[Background Change] bg_f000303
【Ichika】<This looks like...a template for a greeting card?>
[Background Change] bg_h000474
【Airi】<That's right!>
【Airi】<We just gotta print a bunch, write individualized messages for everyone, fold along the lines and voila! Fancy invitations!>
[Background Change] bg_h000475
【Kanade】<Wow... I didn't know things like this existed...>
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】<Not only that, the site for the link I just sent has templates that you can write and send messages directly to anyone.>
[Sound] se00183_b
【Airi】<Ichika, didn't you say there's someone at Kamiyama High that you were hoping to invite?>
[Background Change] bg_h000474
【Ichika】<Yes. Oh, so this site would allow me to invite her without having to arrange a meeting in advance.>
[Background Change] bg_h000476
【Kanade】<Actually, I might just do the same since I'll be inviting Mizuki and Ena...>
[Background Change] bg_e000102
【Kanade】<However, I'm not very good at decorating this kind of thing... I don't know how to make them look good...>
[Background Change] bg_h000476
【Ichika】<The truth is, me neither...>
[Background Change] bg_h000472
【Minori】<I know the feeling. You need to have like a sixth sense...>
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】<Hey, hold up. Why do you think we're having this call?>
【Airi】<I know just how to gussy up this template!>
[Background Change] bg_h000472
【Minori】<You do?! You're the best, Airi!>
[Background Change] bg_h000475
【Kanade】<Is this something you use often...?>
【Airi】<When I was still in junior high, there was a point where I got so busy with work that I hardly even had time to go to school...>
【Airi】<So I didn't have time to buy birthday presents for my friends and stuff.>
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】<But I still wanted to celebrate somehow, so I decided to try using these.>
【Airi】<It meant that, in addition to birthdays, I had a backup plan for Christmas, Valentine's Day and other holidays.>
[Background Change] bg_h000474
【Ichika】<I see...>
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】(To be fair, it wasn't the perfect backup plan since I sometimes didn't even have time to write and send people messages...)
【Airi】(But...it's nice that I'm able to put my past experiences to good use like this.)
[Background Change] bg_b000602
【Minori】<Oh, Airi, does this mean there are a lot of tools for decorating these templates?>
[Background Change] bg_h000433
【Airi】<There are!>
【Airi】<Which means you don't need to have a sixth sense for designing things. These tools make it really easy to create really nice greeting cards!>
[Background Change] bg_h000475
【Kanade】<Thank you very much. This helps quite a lot...>
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】<Don't thank me just yet. First, let me show you all a few simple tricks!>
【Airi】<Starting with these animated stamps! These can help make your template more fun since they're so cute and goofy!>
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000801
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Shizuku】Well then, let's all think about how we're going to present our gifts before our next meeting.
【Minori】Okay!
【Haruka】I'm glad that we're on schedule to do this stream before White Day.
【Airi】Me too! We should be good to go as long as we're able to hammer everything out during our next meeting.
【Airi】Oh, that reminds me. I have a separate question concerning White Day.
【Shizuku】A separate question?
【Airi】We're presenting possible White Day gifts during our next stream, right?
【Airi】But what about our viewers? What are we gonna get them...?
【Minori】*Gasp*
【Haruka】Yeah, we completely missed that...
【Airi】And I have a suggestion.
【Shizuku】You do, Airi?! Please, tell us.
【Airi】We should make greeting cards for all our viewers.
【Minori】Greeting cards?
【Minori】Oh, like those templates you told us about the other day?
【Airi】Uh oh...!
【Airi】(What are you doing, Minori?! We haven't sent everyone their invitations yet—)
【Haruka】The other day?
【Shizuku】I don't remember you talking about that...
【Minori】*Gasp* I-I was talking about...! Uhh...!
【Airi】A-About when I was in junior high! It came up when we were researching gifts!
【Airi】I was so busy back then that I had to make greeting cards to celebrate special occasions!
[Sound] se00666
【Minori】Y-Yeah! There's this cool site with lots of templates that makes it really easy to make nice cards for people!
【Minori】(Thank you so much, Airi...!)
【Airi】(For goodness sake...)
【Haruka】Greeting cards...?
【Haruka】Oh, are you saying that we could make digital ones for them?
【Airi】Yeah. For example, we could create a link to a website where they can all download the cards. How does that sound?
【Haruka】Yeah, I like it.
【Airi】See what I mean?!
【Shizuku】Airi, would someone like me have trouble making one?
【Airi】None whatsoever. I'll help you every step of the way until you get the hang of it.
【Shizuku】Airi...! Thank you so much!
【Airi】Alright, calm down.
【Airi】Anyway, get out your phones! It's time for Ms. Airi's special lesson on making amazing greeting cards!
【Airi】I'll start by showing you all some really cool templates!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] A few days later
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Airi】(Thank goodness we were able to do our segment about White Day gifts before the actual day.)
【Airi】(All that's left is to unveil our little surprise!)
【Minori】So, we want you all to know that we'll be cheering you on this White Day!
【Minori】One, two...!
【Minori, Airi, Haruka & Shizuku】Good luck, everyone!
【Comments】<Another day, another fun stream!> <I promise to do my best!> <Thanks for cheering us on!>
【Minori】Have a nice White Day! Bye bye!
【Airi】Not so fast!!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Comments】<Hm?> <There's more?> <What's going on?>
【Airi】It isn't fair for us to talk about all these great gift ideas for White Day and not give you guys anything, right?
【Haruka】No, it isn't. Right, you two?
【Minori & Shizuku】Yes! Right!
【Comments】<Wait, what?!> <Huh?! Does that mean...?!> <No way!>
【Airi】Hehe.
【Airi】I know it isn't actually White Day yet, but we've prepared a special surprise!
[Sound] bgm00190
【Shizuku】We made greeting cards for all of you.
【Minori】We'll throw the link in the chat in a second! You'll be able to jump over to the site where you can download them♪
【Haruka】We each made one as a small token of our appreciation for all the support you've given us.
【Airi】So, we hope you get a chance to read what we all wrote!
【Comments】<You each made one?!> <Wait, whoa...> <Gotta read them all!>
【Minori】The download page will be up from today through White Day!
【Haruka】So there's no need to worry if you don't have time to look right now.
【Airi】Again, we'll put the link to that page in the description once this stream's over!
【Shizuku】We'll also send the link in a message, so please access the website by whichever way you prefer.
【Airi】Anyway, that's it for today's stream!
【Airi】See you next time! Happy White Day♪
【Minori, Haruka & Shizuku】Happy White Day♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Days before Airi's birthday
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Airi】(Alright, these steps here are going great too! Last is the turn, and...)
[Sound] se00089_b
【Rin】Wow! That was amazing, Airi! You pulled off that dance perfectly!
【MEIKO】You stayed nice and sharp to the very end! Just what we've come to expect.
【Airi】Really? That's good to hear. That said, there's still a few days left before my birthday stream... I'll need to keep raising the bar higher.
【Airi】After all, I'm the one who said I wanted my birthday stream to have a show segment!
【Len】Hehe. Sounds like you're plenty motivated.
【KAITO】Still... It appears you're in even better shape than usual.
【Airi】Yeah, I do feel like this is the smoothest I've been moving lately.
【Airi】Maybe I'm in a good place because I got warmed up before coming here.
【Miku】Warmed up...?
【Airi】Yeah. So, today...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a004801
【Mizuki】Welcome to SpoJoy Park, Airi♪ It's not quite your birthday yet, but we're gonna celebrate to the fullest!
[Sound] bgm00148
【Ena】Hang on Mizuki, you're way too excited.
【Airi】Hehe. Thanks for going along with this, everyone! I've been wanting to visit after hearing about this place from Ena and Minori.
【Shizuku】There's a variety of sports and other games to be played here, yes? I haven't really been to a place like this before, so I'm rather concerned I won't be able to do things properly...
【Mizuki】Oh, no worries! If there's anything you're not sure about, just ask me or Ena!
【Airi】Thanks. Shizuku and I are all set to enjoy the day with our disguises too, so... Let's have lots of fun!
【Mizuki】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00190
[Sound] se00696
[Sound] se00695
【Mizuki】Oh wow! Shizuku, you're so good at roller skating!
【Shizuku】Hehe, thank you! It's all because you taught me, Mizuki.
[Sound] se00556
[Sound] se00556
【Ena】No way... Does this mean I'm the worst one here...?
【Airi】I wonder. Should we have a race to that wall to find out?
【Ena】Hmph... Loser buys the drink, got it?!
[Sound] se00373_b
[Sound] se00373_b
【Airi】Alright, the claw's in a great spot! Now this plushie is basically mine...
[Sound] se00374_b
[Sound] se00375_b
【Airi】Wait, what?! Even that wasn't enough?!
【Ena】I know your pain. The claws here are super weak.
【Mizuki】Man, I totally thought you had that one too...
【Shizuku】To think that Airi can't do it after so many tries... Claw machines must be very difficult.
【Ena】I went through a lot when I was here before...
【Ena】But thanks to that, I feel like I've figured out a trick or two. I think you'll be able to get that plushie you're aiming for if you move it just a little more, Airi.
【Airi】Wait, really?
【Ena】Yeah. Hook the claw on the plushie's hat, not its body...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】Okay, I'm off to get us some drinks.
[Sound] bgm00018
【Mizuki】Safe travels!
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【Ena】Are you having a good time, Airi?
【Airi】I am! It's been a while since I last got to hang out with everyone or get my body moving this much outside of practice, so I'm having a lot of fun!
【Airi】Plus, I was able to get the plushie I wanted thanks to your advice!
【Ena】Hehe, that's good to hear!
【Mizuki】Now then! Sudden as this is, it's now time to ask our resident Airi a question♪
【Mizuki】Have you ever seen a birthday celebration that made you think, “I wish someone would do this for me”?
【Airi】That really was sudden...
【Airi】Um, a celebration I wish I could have, right? Let's see...
【Airi】Oh, there was one time when another girl at my agency got a photo album as a birthday present from her group.
【Airi】The album was full of pictures of her singing during their shows... When I saw that, I thought it must be nice to receive a gift that has so many memories packed into it.
【Mizuki】I see, I see...
【Ena】A photo album... That makes sense.
【Airi】Other than that... I once saw an idol show where they brought out a gigantic cake for a member's birthday. That was pretty funny.
【Ena】A gigantic cake?
【Airi】Yeah. It was on a table, and with that, it was about as tall as the birthday idol.
【Airi】And she looked so happy with her mouth stuffed full of cake... That's kind of become a dream for me.
【Mizuki】Ooh, that sounds great! I bet it'd be sheer bliss to just take a big mouthful of your favorite cake.
【Airi】Speaking of cake... Ena did something for me too, back in junior high.
【Mizuki】She did?
【Airi】Yeah. She brought a cake to school.
【Airi】Our junior high was pretty strict about not bringing snacks and stuff, so we had it in secret up on the roof during lunch break.
【Ena】Yeah, I remember that. We celebrated your birthday while sweating over what to do if a teacher showed up.
【Airi】That made for a birthday full of thrills. Still...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】It's a really precious memory of mine.
【Ena】Airi...
【Airi】There are so many ways to celebrate a birthday... But really, just having someone to celebrate with is plenty.
[Sound] bgm00039
【Airi】That goes for everyone here today... It makes me really happy that you're all here going along with what I want to do.
【Airi】Thank you both so much for today!
【Mizuki】Hehehe, we should be thanking you for giving us the chance to celebrate!
【Ena】I mean, it's your birthday, so of course we'd do this much.
【Airi】Hehe. You're both so sweet!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Airi】And we kept doing all sorts of sports and games after that... It was so much fun.
【Len】I see... So you got a grand celebration.
【Airi】I did. I have such wonderful friends.
【Miku】Hehe, then... I'd like it if we could celebrate today too.
【Airi】Huh?
【Rin】Yeah! You'll be busy with your birthday stream on the day, so we might not be able to do it in person then!
【MEIKO】It's a bit early, but... Happy birthday, Airi!
[Sound] bgm00091
【Everyone】Happy birthday!
【Airi】Everyone...
【Airi】That's very sweet. Thank you!
【Airi】To think everyone would celebrate so much when it's not even my birthday yet...
【Airi】There's no doubt in my mind that my birthday's gonna be a great day!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000601
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy
【Student A】Airi! Happy birthday!
【Student B】Good luck on your birthday stream today!
【Airi】Thanks! I hope you're excited for it!
【Airi】Come on, what do you look so happy about...?
【Shizuku】Well, seeing everyone wish you a happy birthday since this morning, I just can't help feeling happy myself.
【Airi】Geez... I appreciate that, but we have our stream after school today. Don't get too up in the clouds, okay?
【Shizuku】Okay!
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【Ayumi】A-Airi...
【Airi】Wait... Ayumi? What's up?
【Ayumi】Um... I was thinking we could have lunch together, if you don't mind... What do you think?
【Airi】Oh...
【Airi】(She made the effort to come invite me... But I have to get things ready for the stream now.)
【Shizuku】The three of us can get things ready for the stream, Airi. Why don't you two have lunch together?
【Airi】Wait, but...
【Airi】Thanks. Since you're offering, I'll take you up on that.
【Airi】Let's go, Ayumi! Does the courtyard sound good?
【Ayumi】Y-Yeah. Sorry, I know you're busy. But...
【Ayumi】I'm really happy we get to hang out, Airi...!
【Airi】Huh?
【Ayumi】It's your birthday, right? I was going to send a message, but I decided I wanted to celebrate with you in person.
【Airi】Ayumi...
【Airi】Thank you! I'm happy we get to hang out too!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000101
【Haruka】Okay, is everyone ready to wish Airi a happy birthday? Here we go...
【Minori, Haruka & Shizuku】Happy birthday, Airi!
[Sound] bgm00137
【Comments】<Happy bday, Airi!!!> <Happy birthday! I'm your fan forever!!> <Thank you for being born into this world, Airi.>
【Minori】Whoa, there's so many comments! Uhh, uhh...
【Minori】*Sob* They're coming in too fast, I can't keep up...!
【Airi】Thanks, everyone! I'll be sure to read each of your comments later.
【Airi】I got birthday wishes from a lot of people at school, and now I'm getting so many more... This is such a wonderful day!
【Haruka】I'm happy for you, Airi.
【Shizuku】Actually, we've prepared something in hopes of making this wonderful birthday even more wonderful... A gift for you!
【Airi】A gift?
【Minori】Ta-daaa! Here it is!
【Airi】Whoa, that's a big box! It has six sides... And this is about the size of my head, no?
【Airi】Something of this size... Hehe. I wonder what could be inside.
【Haruka】Airi. Untie the ribbon and take off the lid.
【Airi】Right! Then, here I go... One, two, three...
[Sound] se00415_b
【Airi】Oh no! The box fell apart... Wait, what...?
【Airi】Wow... The box opened up like a flower... And there are photos on each petal...!
【Minori】Hehehe, did we surprise you? It's a photo album in the shape of a gift box!
【Shizuku】We wanted something that would make you feel excited each time you open it, and decided on this after asking around for ideas.
【Airi】So that's the deal... It really did surprise me! I thought I broke it the moment I opened it.
【Haruka】Hehe. That must've looked great on camera.
【Airi】Honestly...
【Airi】(Still, there are so many pictures... This one's from that time we did a show for Saki on the school roof, and this one's from the school trip...)
【Airi】(A lot of people must have helped out with this.)
【Airi】Thank you! This is such a nice present, with so many memories packed in!
【Comments】<That album's super cute...> <I freaked out 'cause I thought Airi broke her present.> <It's great how they went the extra mile...>
【Minori】I'm glad you like it! But Airi, this isn't our only gift for you!
【Airi】Wait, there's something else?
【Minori】Yeah! For your next gift... Shizuku, please do the honors!
【Shizuku】Of course! Here we...go.
[Sound] se00314_b
【Airi】Wait... Wh-What's with the huge cake?! This has gotta be the size of one of our school desks!
【Shizuku】Hehe. This is a specially made matcha cake. We got together with some of your loving juniors and went all out to make it♪
【Airi】This size...isn't something you get by “going all out”...
【Airi】(Wait, huh? First I got a photo album, and now a big cake... That means...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a004801
[Background Change] bg_d000101
【Airi】(I see...)
【Airi】(I guess this surprise plan was in motion way earlier than I thought.)
【Airi】(Ena, Mizuki, all my friends and juniors... And everyone in MORE MORE JUMP!)
【Airi】(So many people made this happen for me...)
【Airi】Thank you so much for this surprise, everyone! The album and the cake both make me positively delighted!
【Haruka】Hehe, I'm glad to see you're so happy.
【Minori】Yeah! That means our surprise was a huge success!
【Airi】Still... I can't let things end without giving something back.
【Shizuku】Huh?
【Airi】Once we've had our cake, the special birthday show is next!
[Sound] bgm00091
【Comments】<Special birthday show?!?!> <Today's your special day, but you're gonna do a show for us?!> <My eyes are wide open.>
【Airi】Hehe. I want all of you watching the stream to get ready for the excitement!
【Airi】As thanks for your birthday wishes, I'll sing with everything I've got. So look forward to it!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000293
[Sound] bgm00241
【Akito】Happy birthday, Momoi. I guess you're still looking out for Ena all the time... I don't think it could hurt to be the one making tall orders of her once in a while.
【Mafuyu】I wish you a very happy birthday, Momoi. Ena and Mizuki were both really excited about getting your surprise ready, so I hope you'll let them know what you thought.
【Emu】Happy birthday, Airi! You were suuuper cute when you got all surprised by that album☆
【Nene】We talked about how thinking the box broke would definitely make you jump, so it really was a complete success.
【Rui】We went through some trial and error with the shape of the box to make it look like a beautiful flower when opened...
【Rui】Fortunately, the mechanism that makes it open up when the lid is removed seems to have worked perfectly.
【Tsukasa】Indeed! We weren't expecting Shizuku to come with us for this sort of help, but we couldn't be happier that the surprise succeeded! Once again, Airi Momoi, happy birthday!
【Saki】Happy birthday, Airi!
【Ichika, Honami & Shiho】Happy birthday!
【Ichika】We all watched your stream. It made us happy to see how much you liked your surprise gifts.
【Honami】Saki was very particular about which photos to include in the album. She pored over photos of you for hours, picking out which photos should go in one by one.
【Shiho】Though, there was a chunk of time in the middle where she was more focused on looking than choosing...
【Saki】Ahhh! Shiho, that's our secret, remember?!
【Saki】But still! I made it my job to pick out the very best photos of you, Airi! I also gave special attention to how the album was decorated, so I hope you'll look at every nook and cranny♪
【Kohane】Happy birthday, Airi.
【Kohane】I'm glad you liked the matcha cake! I'd never really made something that big before, so I was kinda worried it might not have turned out well...
【An】It was super good when we taste-tested, right? You've got nothing to worry about!
【An】Let us know what you thought when you get a chance, Airi! Have a great birthday!
【Mizuki】Woohoo! Our surprise was a huge success♪ C'mon, Airi, how was it?
【Mizuki】By the way... Kanade also helped decorate the album!
【Ena】Hehe. We made sure to include the balloon-shaped origami you cut out, Kanade.
【Kanade】That was my first time touching origami in a long while... I'm glad you seemed to enjoy the album, Momoi.
【Ena】Right, it's great that it went so well. It was nice to see you looking so happy, Airi.
【Ena】I'll say this again... Happy birthday, Airi. I'll keep celebrating it as many times as you'll let me!
【Minori】Happy birthday, Airi! Phew, it was so nerve-wracking thinking you might find out about the album or the cake!
【Shizuku】It was. There were several moments when I almost let something slip...
【Haruka】Oh, that could've been bad... Still, things went off without a hitch... And above all else, I'm so glad that you seem to be enjoying yourself so much, Airi.
【Minori】Yeah! Getting help from everyone, I realized all over again that sooo many people just adore you, Airi!
【Shizuku】Yes! And seeing so many people celebrate your birthday even filled me with joy.
【Shizuku】We wish you a very happy birthday, Airi. Let's continue delivering hope to everyone going forward!
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Airi】Thank you so much for all the birthday wishes!
【Airi】Feeling so much love makes me all the more certain that I need to deliver more and more hope.
【Airi】All this to say, I'm able to remain an idol for another day because I have you cheering me on!
【Airi】I hope you'll keep watching me as I take more steps forward!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】It's almost time.
【Airi】<Everyone ready? Especially you, Shizuku. I don't wanna hear about how your screen went blank or something.>
[Background Change] bg_h000435
【Shizuku】<Thank you, Airi, but I'm all set to watch now.>
[Background Change] bg_b000602
【Minori】<Hehe. This is so exciting! “Chat A Lot About Nothing with Takashi Arimura!”>
【Minori】<A ton of people on social media also seem to be looking forward to it. They've even been adding #MOREMOREJUMP! to their posts!>
[Background Change] bg_h000427
【Haruka】<We need to thank you for spreading the word through our official account, Airi.>
[Background Change] bg_h000434
【Airi】<All I did was come up with what to say and when to post it. We have Saito to thank for everything else.>
[Background Change] bg_h000435
【Shizuku】<Yes, you're right. We really can't thank her enough.>
【Airi】<Hey, sooner or later, you're gonna have to learn how to post stuff on social media instead of making her do everything.>
[Background Change] bg_h000427
[Background Change] bg_b000602
【Minori】<Oh, one more minute until it starts! I hope they show us a lot! We tried really hard during the talk segments and gave the best reactions we could!>
[Background Change] bg_h000433
【Airi】<Me too. But I wouldn't get your hopes up too much.>
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】<Yes, that shoot went really well, but we were there as replacements for someone else.>
【Airi】<So, there's a good chance that they placed a focus on the guests who were scheduled to be there from the start.>
[Background Change] bg_h000433
【Minori】<Right...>
[Background Change] bg_h000432
【Haruka】<Oh, it's starting.>
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001901
[Sound] bgm00196
【Airi】That concludes our segment♪
【Minori, Haruka & Shizuku】Thank you very much!
[Sound] se00239_b
[Sound] se00239_b
[Background Change] bg_h000432
【Haruka】<They gave our segment a lot of airtime.>
[Background Change] bg_b000602
【Minori】<But they left in the part where I stuttered!>
[Background Change] bg_h000433
【Airi】<Of course they left it in. That was pure gold.>
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【Arimura】Alright, let's have our resident fashionista Yuika give her verdict!
【Arimura】Who's more fashionable...? It is Airi, or is it Minori?
【Yuika】Personally, I don't think “cute” is the right word for what I'm seeing... I'd have to go with “interesting”...
【Minori】Th-Th-Th-This was my attempt at a street look since I don't often wear these kinds of clothes!
【Minori】I think this cap with a bandana tied around it is one of its biggest selling points—
【Airi】W-Wait just right there! No one said anything about us giving presentations on our outfits!
[Background Change] bg_b000602
【Minori】<Was I really that jittery?! I thought I did okay during the shoot...!>
[Background Change] bg_h000427
【Haruka】<Don't worry. You did your best, and it shows.>
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】<I was afraid that your explanation would get cut short since you did sorta go on for a bit...>
[Background Change] bg_h000435
【Shizuku】<Oh, really? I thought they'd leave it in since the audience was smiling and laughing the entire time.>
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000602
【Minori】<Wow, that was great!>
[Sound] bgm00180
[Background Change] bg_h000429
【Shizuku】<Yeah, it was! And we all appeared on camera.>
[Background Change] bg_h000434
【Haruka】<You said that we shouldn't get our hopes up too much, Airi, but I think we're all glad that you were wrong.>
【Airi】<Same...>
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】<Our segment was one thing, but they also showed us a lot during the other talk segments and stuff.>
【Airi】<My hope was that they'd include some of those portions since we got pretty good responses...>
[Background Change] bg_b000903
【Shizuku】<Oh, that reminds me...>
【Shizuku】<Do you all remember what Mr. Arimura said before our shoot started back up?>
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a004501
【Arimura】You get into a habit of drawing lines when you're in a studio like this, but the crew and personalities all want the show they're working on to be good. We all want the audience to enjoy themselves.
【Arimura】Which is why it's so important to take a step back, forget the lines in the sand and remind ourselves of what the audience is feeling.
[Background Change] bg_h000412
【Airi】<Yeah, I remember... But what's that got to do with us?>
【Shizuku】<Yes, we saw ourselves as “replacements” when we were first given this offer.>
[Background Change] bg_b000903
【Shizuku】<But Minori did her best and tried to bring as much fun to the show. All of the crew and guests also did the same, no?>
【Shizuku】<I feel like we were accepted as real guests, which allowed us to put on a successful shoot. As a result, we've been receiving all these new offers...>
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Background Change] bg_h000412
【Airi】<Yeah, you're right!>
[Background Change] bg_b000602
【Minori】<So, I did good?!>
[Background Change] bg_h000427
【Haruka】<You did. The results that you achieved clearly made you the MVP of that shoot.>
【Minori】<What?! The MVP...?!>
[Background Change] bg_h000412
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】<Wait, I forgot! I was gonna post a message on social media once the show ended.>
【Airi】<Let's go with... “Thank you to everyone who watched the show! Please use the hashtag and let us know what were your favorite parts!♪”>
[Sound] se00183_b
[Sound] se00183_b
【Airi】<Just gotta throw in my name at the end and... Send!>
[Background Change] bg_h000433
【Minori】<Oh, like what other idol groups do! Seeing your name at the end makes it look so official!>
【Airi】<That's the point. All of us gotta start doing this more so we can...>
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Sound] se00004_b
[Sound] se00004_b
[Sound] se00004_b
【Airi】<No, I left my notifications on! I need to turn the log off too...!>
[Sound] se00183_b
【Airi】<Phew. That was scary. I wasn't expecting to receive a response so quickly...>
[Background Change] bg_h000412
【Shizuku】<That was incredible. I thought it was your phone's alarm there for a second.>
[Background Change] bg_b000602
[Sound] se00183_b
【Minori】<Whoa! More and more people are replying to your post, Airi!>
[Background Change] bg_b000703
【Haruka】<I guess means our appearance was a success.>
[Background Change] bg_h000434
【Airi】<Undoubtedly!>
[Background Change] bg_h000433
【Airi】<And we have you to thank, Minori! We couldn't have done it without you!>
【Minori】<R-Really?! Woohoo! Airi praised me!>
[Background Change] bg_h000437
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】<Hey, I get that you're happy, but don't come crying to me after your parents scold you for being so loud.>
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000801
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】To think that new areas can appear in SEKAI...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_b003101
[Background Change] bg_b000801
【Airi】Plus...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_b002002
【Woman C】I've always seen Airi as an idol.
【Woman C】To be honest, I'm new and don't know what Airi was like when she was still with QT. But based on her behavior, it's clear that she just wants to cheer everybody up and make them smile...
【Woman C】That's what I really love about her. That's why I see her as a pure idol.
[Background Change] bg_b000801
【Airi】I thought I should just make the most of my experience and talents as a variety-show spectacle...
【Airi】But I see now that I shouldn't typecast myself or narrow down my options like that.
【Airi】Also...
【Airi】I don't want to disappoint those who see me as a real idol.
【Airi】Which means I should tell her...
[Sound] se00183_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002201
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Front Entrance
【Airi】Ayumi!
[Sound] se_run_women_001_1
【Airi】Sorry for making you meet with me so early in the morning.
【Ayumi】No, that's totally fine since I needed to be here for morning practice!
【Ayumi】Anyway, what's up? There's something you wanted to tell me in person?
【Airi】It has to do with what we were talking about yesterday...
【Airi】Remember when I said that I wasn't exactly a “pure” idol?
【Ayumi】Oh, yeah...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】(I knew it...)
【Airi】Ayumi...
【Airi】I'm really sorry!
【Ayumi】Huh?! Airi...?
【Airi】I got the wrong idea about what you were thinking...
[Sound] bgm00039
【Airi】Despite you clearly believing that I'm a “pure” idol, I ended up saying something really insensitive...!
【Airi】So, I'm really sorry!
【Ayumi】Airi...
【Airi】I'm gonna make a promise right here to never say anything like that ever again.
【Airi】I'm going to be the idol that I believe I am moving forward!
【Ayumi】...!
【Ayumi】*Nod* Yeah! That's what the Airi I know would say!
【Airi】Wait, why are you getting all teary?
【Ayumi】Because I also couldn't get the conversation we had the other day out of my head...
【Ayumi】I knew that you're always doing your best as an idol, but I couldn't say anything to help you...
【Airi】Oh, you...
【Airi】It's my fault for making you feel that way, so cheer up!
【Ayumi】Okay... Thanks, Airi.
【Ayumi】Hehe. I'm starting to become an even bigger fan of yours. You can count on me to always cheer you on!
【Airi】Great! And I'll keep doing my best to fill you with tons of hope! As Airi Momoi, the idol!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001301
[Caption] Neighborhood
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_1
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_2
【Shizuku】I'm so glad I ran into you on my way to the MORE MORE HOUSE, Airi.
【Airi】You do still tend to get lost.
【Shizuku】No, I know how to get there.
【Shizuku】I turn where the yellow sign is after leaving the station. Then, when I reach the intersection, I turn towards the construction site...
【Airi】They finished doing construction there last week.
【Shizuku】What?!
【Airi】*Sigh* I had a feeling... Now I'm really glad that we ran into each other.
【Airi】Especially since we're doing a stream today, and we absolutely can't be late for it.
【Shizuku】Right... I hope everyone enjoys our MORE MORE Study Session.
【Shizuku】We'll be studying for a very long time, so I'm a little worried that our viewers are going to get bored of watching, or get tired...
【Airi】Don't worry. We've got little game and chat breaks planned so that doesn't happen.
【Airi】Let's aim for a fun, and productive, study session with everyone!
【Shizuku】Yes, let's!
【Airi】Also...
【Airi】We're the seniors, so we need to set a good example.
【Shizuku】Huh?
【Airi】Wait, why do you look so puzzled?
【Airi】We're a year ahead of Minori and Haruka, remember? We don't want to embarrass ourselves when it comes to school stuff.
【Airi】So, we need to be able to answer any questions they ask right away.
【Shizuku】Does that mean you know what Minori and Haruka have been studying lately?
【Airi】I do! This past week, on top of my usual studying, I spent some time flipping through my textbooks and notes from last year.
【Airi】But to be fair, Haruka's pretty sharp, so I'm not sure how much teaching we'll actually need to do.
【Shizuku】We can always count on you, Airi.
【Shizuku】In that case, I might ask for your help too, if I get stuck somewhere.
【Airi】We're in the same year! Figure it out yourself!
【Airi】We got all those study guides and reference materials together just for this day, remember?!
【Airi】Also, we had our own study session together to make sure that we're able to share some good tips and tricks.
【Shizuku】Hehe. That's right.
【Airi】I guess if we really can't figure something out, then we can always ask our fans...
【Airi】After all, this is meant to be a group study session including all of them.
【Shizuku】Oh, you're right! All of us teaching each other as a big group does sound like fun.
【Airi】Right?
【Airi】Being the seniors here does mean more pressure on us...
【Airi】But let's make this stream fun for everyone!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Sound] bgm00171
[Caption] Several dozen minutes later
[Caption] MORE MORE HOUSE
[Sound] se00043_b
【Airi & Shizuku】We're back!
【Airi】Oh...
【Shizuku】I-I'm sorry. I can't help but treat this house like our new home...
【Haruka】Welcome home, Airi.
【Minori】Welcome home, Shizuku!
【Airi】Don't encourage us.
【Saito】Hehe. Actually, Minori and Haruka have both done the same thing.
【Minori】S-Saito?! Don't sell us out like that!
【Shizuku】Hehe. So everyone does it!
【Airi】Okay, enough goofing. Let's get started with our stream meeting!
【Saito】Good luck, everyone!
【Saito】Oh, that reminds me. I took the liberty of putting some food in the fridge since I knew you'd be doing a long stream today.
【Saito】Why don't you all have some during your meeting?
【Minori】Wait, really?!
【Airi】Thank you, Saito!
【Airi】Then, let's munch on that while we talk about today's stream!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a004001
[Caption] Hanamioka Town Hall
【Minori】*Sigh* I'm exhausted...
【Airi】But we finished building the stage!
【Minori】Thank goodness we were able to complete it in time for the event! Now we'll be able to cheer all the runners on!
【Airi】Yeah. We can't let the runners show us up. We've got to sing and dance our hearts out to make this marathon an even more exciting event!
[Sound] se00046_b
【???】Good work, you two.
【Airi】Huh? Oh!
【Minori】Boss!
【Local Carpenter】Here. The wife made you something.
【Minori】Wow! These rice balls are loaded with different ingredients!
【Airi】And they're still warm! Thank you for always being so kind!
【Local Carpenter】No big deal. She does it because she wants to.
【Airi】Still, we really appreciate it. Come on, let's have these while they're still warm!
【Minori】Yeah!
【Airi & Minori】Let's eat! Let's dig in!
【Airi】Mmm!
【Minori】*Sigh* This really hits the spot.
【Airi】These rice balls are so good! The chicken and wild herbs are perfectly cooked!
【Local Carpenter】Yeah? She'll love hearing that.
【Local Carpenter】... I saw the stage you two put up. Came together really nice.
【Minori】...! Thank you very much!
【Airi】We wouldn't have been able to do it without everyone's help.
【Local Carpenter】You got the hang of things pretty quick, Hanasato. And you were solid from the start, Momoi. But most important, you two've got guts.
【Airi】Hehe. You know it! You're not gonna get an idol to break that easily!
【Local Carpenter】Really? Not sure what being an idol has to do with it.
【Local Carpenter】But, I'm glad your stage turned out as well as it did.
【Local Carpenter】Say, I got a question for you two.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Huh? For us?
【Local Carpenter】Yeah. Just, try not to laugh...
【Local Carpenter】How can I get better at singing?
【Airi】Huh? Singing?
【Local Carpenter】Yeah. Next town meeting we're doing karaoke, and I have to sing. It's not really my thing...
[Sound] bgm00024
【Airi】Oh, I see... I kind of get that from you.
【Local Carpenter】How? In any case, I'm not about to embarrass myself in front of any youngsters...
【Local Carpenter】So, I was hoping I could get some professional advice.
【Minori】Hmm... How to become a better singer...
【Local Carpenter】Look, I'm not putting lipstick on a pig here. I'm not gonna be good. I just don't want to look nervous.
【Airi】A way to not feel nervous...
【Airi】Then, I have just the solution!
【Local Carpenter】Oh, really?
【Airi】Yes, all you have to do is... Sing loud and sing proud!
【Local Carpenter】Sing loud and sing proud...?
【Airi】You already know how to project your voice really loudly from your gut, Boss.
【Airi】And that volume is really important when it comes to singing.
【Minori】She's right! I could always hear your voice really clearly even from super far away!
【Local Carpenter】Well, thanks and all... But is that really all there is to it?
【Airi】Obviously, you have to practice in order to learn how to use techniques like vibrato and falsetto well...
【Airi】But singing isn't just about whether or not you're good at it.
【Local Carpenter】...
【Airi】Even if you aren't a great singer, you can leave a big impression just by putting in an honest effort!
【Minori】Yeah! It's true, that can really make someone shine!
【Airi】So just have confidence! Stand up on that stage and go, “Here I am!” And it should all work out.
【Local Carpenter】I see...
【Local Carpenter】Alright, got it. I'll give it a shot.
【Airi】Great! I'm sure everyone's going to love the way you sing!
【Minori】Break a leg!
【Local Carpenter】Alright, thanks!
【Airi】(Hehe. He seems to be feeling much better now. I'm so glad that we could help.)
【Airi】(Well, after saying all that, I can't back down myself. We're gonna sing and dance on that stage we built...)
【Airi】(And give energy to everyone who comes to the marathon!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001301
[Caption] Morning
[Caption] Neighborhood
【Airi】*Sigh* How did I wake up an hour before my alarm was set to go off?
【Airi】(I guess I'm just that anxious after hearing yesterday about how we get to perform at Idol Lovers.)
【Airi】(To be fair, it's natural for me to be this excited since I've been dreaming of performing on that stage forever.)
【Airi】(Plus, leaving home early means having time to practice for a bit on my own.)
【Airi】Alright. I gotta make the most of today!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b003301
[Caption] MORE MORE HOUSE - Practice Room
[Sound] se00043_b
【Airi】Alright, where should I begin today? I'll just start with stretches, and then go over the choreography and...huh?
【Minori】Spin and... Pose! Hmm... No, that still doesn't seem right...
【Airi】M-Minori?!
【Minori】Huh?! A-Airi...?!
【Minori】Wh-What are you doing here?! You're way earlier than usual!
[Sound] bgm00020
【Airi】I could say the same thing! Why are you here so early?!
【Minori】U-Uhh... So, I...
【Minori】I became so excited about getting to perform at Idol Lovers that I started having trouble sitting still...
【Minori】I couldn't wait to start practicing for it, so I decided to come early.
【Airi】Hehe. Then, I guess great minds think alike!
【Minori】Wait, Airi, you too?
【Airi】Yup! I mean, this is Idol Lovers we're talking about! We have every right to be excited!
【Minori】Y-Yeah...!
【Minori】The thing is, I was so excited that as soon as I got home, I immediately watched the Blu-ray of Idol Lovers from two years ago!
【Airi】Two years ago...? Great choice! That really was a good one!
【Minori】Exactly! In particular, VUz's performance!
【Airi】Yeah, the way they danced that day was so cool...
【Airi】Their routines also involved interacting with the crowd more than usual...! They really set the place on fire!
【Minori】I know, right?! They did it just for that day! My jaw was on the floor the entire time...!
【Airi】And now, we get to perform on that stage... It feels like a dream, but it's not.
【Minori】Yeah...!
【Minori】And you said that you've been dreaming of performing there since you were in QT, so I can't imagine how happy you are right now.
【Airi】Yeah. I kept believing that I'd for sure get a chance to perform on that stage someday.
【Airi】Especially when the other idols from my agency kept getting invited...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】From your agency?
【Airi】That started happening around the time I began appearing solo on TV.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Sound] bgm00175
【Airi】(Phew... That lesson's finally over, so now I need to ask our manager about tomorrow's show and...)
[Sound] se00249_b
[Sound] se00249_b
【Junior Idols】Oh! Hi, Airi! How are you?!
【Airi】Hey, how's it going? What are you guys talking about? You seem really excited.
【Junior Idols】You gotta hear this...! We just got invited to perform at Idol Lovers!
【Airi】What?! Idol Lovers...?!
【Junior Idols】Yeah! That's why we got a little loud just now.
【Airi】I had no idea...! I mean, Idol Lovers?! That's incredible!
【Airi】You're all always working so hard, staying late to practice too. Congratulations! I can't wait to see your performance!
【Junior Idols】Thank you very much! We promise to do our best!
【Junior Idols】Oh, sorry, you'll need to excuse us... We have to get to a meeting!
【Airi】Okay, see you later!
[Sound] se00172_b
【Airi】(Idol Lovers, huh...?)
【Airi】(That really is incredible. They get to perform on that stage...)
【Airi】(As things stand, QT doesn't have the name recognition to get an invite. I know that, but...)
【Airi】(I wanna sing and dance on a stage like that someday.)
【Airi】(I wanna perform at that giant sparkling venue and get my big break as an idol.)
【Airi】(I know I will... Someday!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b003301
【Airi】In the end, my wish never came true because QT never got invited.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Airi】But the industry has taken notice of MORE MORE JUMP! So, I couldn't be happier about receiving this invite.
【Minori】Airi...
【Airi】Obviously, it's not the finish line... But it's still my dream to perform on that stage. So, you bet I'm going to give it all I have!
【Minori】Yeah, I know what you mean!
【Airi】Let's take all the joy we're feeling right now...
【Airi】And use it to put on a performance not only worthy of Idol Lovers, but our best one yet!
【Minori】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002303
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Airi】Nice work, everyone! I'm guessing we're all exhausted after that performance.
【Shizuku】Yes, I feel like I'm going to sleep like a baby tonight.
【Minori】But Idol Lovers was so much fun...! It was crazy how the crowd made the stage shake by cheering so loudly...!
【Haruka】And a lot of people seem to be talking about how amazing our performance was on social media.
【Shizuku】Oh, really?
【Haruka】Yeah, take a look. There are all these comments about our performance.
[Sound] se00183_b
【Airi】Hehe. Not only are they talking about us, but a ton of people are even talking about the performance we did with ReLight.
【Minori】Oh, look! This person wrote a whole paragraph about how amazing you did, Airi!
【Minori】“Your smile made me swoon!” “I'm totally your fan now!” Look at all this!
【Airi】...! Hehe. It's always nice to get that in words!
【Haruka】Let's keep reading... Oh, this person said, “I lost my voice while MORE MORE JUMP! was on stage.”
[Sound] se00183_b
【Shizuku】Yes, everyone did cheer at the top of their lungs today.
【Shizuku】As a result, the audience and the performers were able to become united as one.
【Airi】It really was an amazing show.
【Airi】(I'm probably never gonna forget what happened today for as long as I live.)
【Airi】(I might even dream about it as I sleep!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] The next day - Lunch break
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 3-E
【Airi】Zzz... Zzz...
[Sound] se00046_b
【Shizuku】I'm back, Airi... The restroom was very crowded and...
【Shizuku】Huh...? Oh, that's rare. She's taking a nap.
【Shizuku】I should probably wake her since lunch is almost over, but...
【Airi】Heh... Hehe...
【Shizuku】She seems to be having a nice dream...
【Airi】Mhm...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_b003201
[Sound] se00325_b
[Sound] se00325_b
[Background Change] bg_a000401
【Airi】Hehe... Everyone...
【Airi】I love you all...
【Shizuku】(Oh, is she dreaming about...?)
【Shizuku】Airi.
【Airi】Huh?! W-Wait, did I fall asleep...?!
【Shizuku】Good morning, Airi. It's almost time for our next class.
【Shizuku】You were smiling while you were asleep just now. Did you have a pleasant dream...?
【Airi】Huh? Was I making that kind of face...?
【Shizuku】Yes. You smiled and said, “I love you all,” so I thought your dream had to be very nice.
【Airi】Oh... Yeah, it was nice.
【Airi】I was dreaming about our performance at Idol Lovers yesterday.
【Shizuku】Yes, I had a feeling.
【Airi】I know I said that I might dream about what happened yesterday, but to think that what I said would actually come true.
【Shizuku】Hehe. It only seems natural. I mean, yesterday's show was just that good.
【Shizuku】The truth is, I also dreamed about it this morning.
【Airi】What?
【Shizuku】I was so happy about what happened yesterday...
【Shizuku】Because I've been watching you practice and work so hard to become a super idol.
【Shizuku】And your hard work paid off... I got to see you shine on that stage.
【Shizuku】All of those things, as well as getting to stand next to you as it happened, filled me with so much joy...
【Airi】Shizuku...
【Airi】It sounds like you're happier than I am.
【Airi】Still... Thanks, Shizuku.
【Airi】But we can't rest on our laurels!
【Shizuku】Huh?
【Airi】Yes, we got to perform at Idol Lovers, and I got to fulfill a dream of mine. But our real goal is still way up ahead, right?
【Airi】So, we don't have time to get all sentimental!
【Shizuku】Yes, you're right!
【Airi】(First, Idol Lovers... Then, Butokan. And finally, a show at the Dome. To get closer to becoming my ideal idol...)
【Airi】We gotta keep trying more and more!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002201
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard
【Airi】Thanks for gathering on such short notice, everyone.
【Saki】Hehe. I'm always happy to have lunch with you, Airi♪
【Honami】It's unfortunate Ichika isn't able to join us today.
【Airi】She's got broadcasting committee stuff. Our hands are tied.
【Airi】Anyway, I'll explain why I asked you all to gather while we eat.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】So, Kusanagi has apparently been asked to lead the planning committee's stage performance for Shibu Schools Fest.
[Sound] bgm00006
【Airi】It's going to be a musical, and she needs a lot of people to help make it happen.
【Shiho】I see. I had a feeling that's what this was.
【Airi】Huh?
【Saki】The truth is, Ichi's already told us a little about what's happening!
【Shiho】Apparently, Kusanagi asked her if she'd like to help with this musical, too.
【Honami】We've actually been talking about how fun it could be to work on it, since so many schools are going to be participating.
【Airi】I really had no idea!
【Airi】I'm sure Kusanagi would really appreciate your help.
【Airi】Oh, but... I'm sure things are really busy for Leo/need right now, with your debut song becoming a big hit.
【Honami】Yes, things are busy, and we have quite a lot on our plate at the moment.
【Honami】But the record company did give us permission to participate, since they view this festival as an official school event.
【Saki】So, we plan to enjoy being 100% high schoolers, at least while we're helping with Shibu Schools Fest♪
【Airi】Hehe. That's great!
【Airi】(It's nice to hear that their record company is letting them enjoy their school life like this.)
【Airi】So, can I pencil you all in to help with the musical?
【Saki & Shiho】Yes♪ Yes.
【Honami】Including Ichika, the four of us will be more than happy to help.
【Airi】Thank you all so much!
【Shiho】While we're on the subject, have you already spoken to Shizuku about this?
【Shiho】The festival itself came up during dinner last night, but nothing about this musical.
【Airi】I asked her to join us here today, but she had to take care of some committee business.
【Airi】So I'll just tell her later.
【Airi】We're sorta free right now, so I'm pretty sure she'll also want to join in on the fun.
【Shiho】I see.
【Saki】Why don't you and Shizuku join the same team, Shiho?
【Shiho】Huh? Why would we do that?
【Saki】Didn't you ask Airi if she'd already told Shizuku because you want to work with her?
【Shiho】That's not what I meant. I was just worried that she'd come up to me later and say, “Why didn't you tell me?” while using her puppy-dog eyes on me.
【Honami】Hehe.
【Honami】Oh, speaking of which, what about Hanasato and Kiritani...?
【Airi】I do plan on bringing it up to them.
【Airi】Unfortunately, they're scheduled to work during the period when we'll be preparing for the festival.
【Airi】(I wish they could join us, but they've been working towards this offer for a long time now. Having them reschedule is basically impossible at this point.)
【Honami】I see...
【Saki】I was so looking forward to enjoying this festival with them!
【Airi】But the best part about Shibu Schools Fest is the fact that we'll get to work with students from all the other schools.
【Airi】Kusanagi's participating, which means we should get to see a bunch of other familiar faces from Kamiyama High, right?
【Saki】Oh, now that you mention it, Tsukasa also talked to me about this festival!
【Saki】Does that mean Toya's also going to participate?
【Shiho】Shiraishi also seems to like these kinds of events, so I'm sure she and Kohane will be participating as well.
【Honami】What about Mizuki and Ena?
【Airi】Ena? She might if a friend invites her...
【Airi】This also seems like Mizuki's cup of tea. Even more so if Akito and the others are all gonna be participating.
【Saki】Cool! That means we'll all get to work on this musical together!
【Airi】Exactly! We might even get to make some new friends.
【Airi】Opportunities like this don't come up often, so let's do our best to give our leader, Kusanagi, the support she deserves!
【Shiho, Honami & Saki】Right!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] Rehearsal Room
【Airi】“♪————————”
【An】“♪————~~~~~!”
【Nene】“Wow... That's amazing...!”
【Nene】“You two are completely different in terms of styles, but both your performances were so powerful. I was really moved by them...!”
【Nene】“I didn't realize music could be so free and fun...!”
【Ichika】“Then, why don't we sing together?”
【Ichika】“I'd like to sing that song I taught you the other day.”
【Nene】“Okay...!”
【Nene & Ichika】“♪——————!”
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00306_b
[Sound] se00306_b
【Emu】This is awesome! You looked like you were having so much fun that I almost started singing with you♪
[Sound] bgm00006
【Cast Member】Yeah! You did a really good job of singing while staying in character, like Kusanagi said!
【An】Really?!
【Airi】What did you think, Kusanagi?
【Nene】Yeah, you've both improved quite a lot. I could really sense what your characters were feeling!
【Ichika】Thank goodness...!
【Airi】That means all our hard work is starting to pay off!
【An】Yeah! Alright, can we go through that part one more time while the feeling's still fresh?
【Airi】As much as I'd like to, I'm pretty sure we have...
[Sound] se00048_b
【???】Hey, can someone let me in?
【Airi】Oh, right on cue! Be right there!
[Sound] se00045_b
【Mizuki】Thanks for getting the door for me! All our hands are completely full right now.
【Airi】Hey, those look pretty heavy. Why don't you all set everything down over there?
【Shizuku】Thank you, Airi. We can set our things down here, everyone.
【Costume Designer】Okay!
【Costume Designer】Wh-Whoa! Airi's really here...!
【Costume Designer】Yeah! Getting to design costumes with Shizuku has been amazing, but to think that Airi's gonna wear what we make!
【Costume Designer】We get to talk about this for the rest of our lives!
【Mizuki】They really love you, Airi.
【Airi】Right? I'm an idol, after all, and a good one.
【Mizuki】Haha! Truth is, I'm also really looking forward to seeing you in the costumes we made♪
【An】Then, what's the holdup? Show us what you got already.
【Mizuki】Slow down! Since we're all here, we wanna take this chance to make some fit adjustments and stuff.
【Costume Designer】Mind if we get started, Kusanagi?
【Nene】No, go right ahead.
【Costume Designer】Then, we'll call you up using your character names. Please come over here when we do.
【Costume Designer】Starting with the Butler and house staff, and the tutor!
【Tsukasa】Hm? That's me.
【Rui】As the director, I should probably sit in.
[Sound] se_walk_men_005_1
[Sound] se_walk_men_005_2
【An】It's just a few of us at a time... We might be waiting around for a while.
【Airi】Yeah, I wish we could use this time more productively...
【Airi】I know! While we wait, why don't we have them show us the key points of our costumes?
【Airi】I think it's important to know the specific characteristics of our costumes and what feelings they put into them, to make sure we can shine on stage together.
【Airi】Actually, on second thought, the idol in me might be focusing too much on the little details.
【Emu】No, I agree with you! That stuff is really important in our shows, too!
【Nene】Yes, I agree as well.
【Nene】So... I'm sure your mental images of your characters have developed as you've been practicing.
【Nene】Putting on a costume can make those mental images more vivid, but knowing how it was made can help make them more concrete and specific.
【Mizuki】In other words...
【Mizuki】It's okay for us to tell you guys all about our design processes?!
【Airi】Hehe. A lot of you seem like you can'twait to, so by all means!
【Mizuki】Yes! Alright, let's get all the costumes out♪
[Sound] se00055_b
【An】Mizuki! Mizuki! Show me the one I'm gonna wear!
【Mizuki】Sure thing♪
【Shizuku】In that case, why don't I tell you about all the work I put into the embroidery?
【Ichika】Oh, I'd really like to hear that!
【Cast Member】M-Me too...! Me too!
【Airi】Then, within reason, let's ask the costume designers all about their creations while we wait!
【Everyone】Okay! Okay♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Minori】Alright, I didn't make a single mistake this time!
【Len】Yeah, that looked pretty good!
【Haruka】Thank you, Len. This is a difficult dance, but you've really helped us get the hang of it.
【Len】I'm glad I could help you two. Huh?
【Len】Welcome, Airi!
【MEIKO】You went over to see how Shizuku was doing, yes? How was she...?
【Airi】Well, she was practicing like there was no tomorrow.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_b003301
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Airi】She seemed so focused... I got goosebumps just watching her.
【Airi】It's been a long time since she last gave off this sort of vibe.
【Len】A long time?
【Airi】Yeah... It reminds me of when I was still a trainee.
【Minori】A trainee? As in, before you debuted with QT?
【Airi】That's right. Back then, I practiced like crazy every single day in order to rise above my peers.
【Airi】Trainees of the same cohort are supposed to work together to improve, but they're also rivals competing for a limited number of debut spots.
【Haruka】In other words, because there are only a limited number of spots, not everyone gets to make their debut.
【Airi】Exactly. That's why I did absolutely everything in my power to get the attention of anyone I could, and show them that I'm the brightest star.
【Airi】A reminder of how tough show business really is...
【Len】It's incredible to think that you were able to win one of those spots and make your big debut.
【Airi】To be fair, I had a lot of luck on my side.
【Airi】But we're talking about when I was a trainee.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Right now, Shizuku is practicing even harder than I ever did back then.
[Sound] bgm00039
【Airi】It's like when she'd just become the lead for Cheerful * Days... No, more than that...
【Airi】She sent shivers down my spine. She was that cool.
【MEIKO】Airi...
【Airi】Which is why...
【Airi】I believe she's gonna find a way to succeed.
【Airi】If the people from that production company saw her now, I bet their jaws would be on the floor.
【Airi】Huh? What's so funny...?
【MEIKO】Hehe. Oh, nothing. It's just...
【MEIKO】Shizuku must be so happy knowing that she has a loyal fan such as yourself supporting her.
【Len】Yeah, she's so blessed as an idol.
【Airi】Wait, me? Shizuku's fan...?
【Airi】No, I wasn't trying to say that...!
【Minori】But your eyes sparkled so much while you were talking about her just now!
【Haruka】Yeah, she'd probably love to hear everything you just said.
【Airi】Wait, don't you dare tell her!
【Airi】A-Anyway, we need to start practicing! And you two are gonna help us, Len, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】Hehe. Of course!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Airi】(Let's see... Rin should be...)
【Airi】(There she is. I promised her that we'd practice together, but it looks like Shizuku and MEIKO are also with her.)
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【Shizuku】Oh! Hello, Airi!
【Airi】Wait, why do you look so happy...?
【Shizuku】Hehe. No reason♪
【Airi】Yeah, it doesn't look like no reason.
【MEIKO】So, the thing is...
【MEIKO】Remember how you went over to watch Shizuku practice the other day?
【MEIKO】Shizuku just happened to overhear me telling Rin about what happened...
【Airi】What...?!
【Shizuku】I'm sorry. I didn't mean to eavesdrop on their conversation...
【Rin】Not a problem! We told Shizuku about all the wonderful things you said about her, Airi!
【Airi】That's a big problem!
【Shizuku】It made me very happy to hear you said you believed in me, Airi.
【Airi】That isn't exclusive to just me... We all knew how hard you were working.
【Shizuku】But I had no idea that you felt that way about me. That made me so happy...!
【Airi】Alright, settle down. All I did was say what was on my mind.
【Shizuku】Oh, and you even said I sent shivers down your spine.
【Airi】What...?! MEIKO, just how much did you tell her?!
【MEIKO】I'm sorry! She used her puppy-dog eyes on me...!
【MEIKO】Nobody can say no to her when she does. You know that, right, Airi?
【Airi】Urgh... Yeah, I unfortunately do...
【Rin】Hehe♪ I'd be over the moon too if Airi showered me with that kind of praise.
【Shizuku】Yes!
【Shizuku】Oh, that reminds me...
【Shizuku】You gave me some very kind words when you came over to give me those rice balls, Airi.
【Rin】Ooh! What did she say?
【Airi】Stop right there, Shizuku!
【Airi】That's enough! You get to keep that to yourself!
【Shizuku】Wait, but... I thought you were incredibly cool that time...
【Airi】Doesn't matter. That's our little secret!
【Shizuku】Our little secret. Hehe. Yes, that also works...
【Airi】(That was a close one. If she told them about what I said...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_b003301
【Airi】Here, these rice balls are for you.
[Sound] bgm00018
【Shizuku】Wow... Thank you so much, Airi! I was just starting to feel a little hungry.
【Airi】You did say that you've been practicing all since this morning.
【Airi】But you gotta remember to take breaks, okay?
【Shizuku】I know, but I want to keep going...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】Because I know I still don't have what it takes...
【Airi】Shizuku...
【Shizuku】Oh, I'm sorry... I know you're concerned, Airi.
【Airi】No, don't mind me. You should do what you feel is right.
【Shizuku】What...?
【Airi】Yeah, I would normally try to stop you.
[Sound] bgm00039
【Airi】But you're trying to reach a new level, right?
【Airi】So, you should keep trying until you feel satisfied. And if you feel unsure, I'll be right here watching you.
【Shizuku】Oh...
【Shizuku】*Nod* Thank you...!
【Shizuku】I promise to make this shoot a success. For MORE MORE JUMP!, and for myself.
【Airi】Yeah. I believe in you.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Rin】Oh, Shizuku, can you tell us what she told you?! Please!
[Sound] bgm00024
【MEIKO】Saying that it's a secret is only making us more curious.
【Airi】I said no!
【Airi】Anyway, we're here to practice, aren't we? You two wanted me to teach you that super cute and captivating turn, right?
【Rin】Oh, right! Please teach us, Ms. Airi!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Caption] A Neighboring City's Mall
【Airi】Perfect! We're here on time as planned!
【Ena】Alright, where's the line for the lucky bags...?
【Airi】Right over there. See, that person must be a member of the staff.
【Ena】Oh, you're right... Yawn...
【Airi】Someone's sleepy. I guess that's only natural considering how early in the morning it is...
【Airi】That being said, you might not be able to get the bags you want if you don't pep yourself up by the time they start.
【Ena】I know. Lucky bags are a knock-down drag-out fight, after all.
【Airi】Exactly!
【Airi】Nowadays, some shops sell them online, but there's something special about getting the bag you want in person.
[Sound] se00004_b
【Airi】Wait, Ena, I think I hear your phone ringing.
【Ena】*Nod* Oh, Mizuki just sent me a message.
【Airi】Whoa, someone's up super early.
【Airi】Actually, Mizuki said something about getting one of those bags online. Is that what's going on?
【Ena】Probably. I get that you can only get these bags during New Year's, but I still don't understand why that would take priority over seeing you, Airi...
【Airi】No, I totally understand. Lucky bags are the best deals you can get all year, after all.
【Airi】And I'm always willing to hang out, if we can make plans.
【Ena】Yeah, but... Huh?
[Sound] se00183_b
【Ena】Mizuki just asked, “Did you manage to get up?” Yes, I'm awake! Thank you very much!
【Airi】That's so thoughtful to look out for you like that.
【Ena】Not thoughtful! Thoughtless! I don't have a problem with getting up early! Especially if it means getting to hang out with you, Airi!
【Ena】Hey, I know!
【Ena】Let's take a selfie together, Airi!
【Airi】Huh? A selfie?
【Ena】Hehe. I mean, what's the fun in just replying that I'm up?
【Ena】So, let's take a selfie that makes it look like we're having a ton of fun together. I'll even reply, “This shopping spree's gonna be so amazing♪”
【Ena】I mean, look! Not only do we have matching hairstyles today, we've both tied off our braids with the same ribbons but in different colors!
【Airi】Yeah, it would be nice to show off to someone.
【Ena】Exactly! Hmm... Oh, let's use that mirror over there!
【Ena】Airi, come closer.
【Ena】Alright, here goes our first one.
[Sound] se00075_b
【Ena】Yeah, looks good! No, but... There might be a better angle...
【Airi】Take as many as you like. It's not like we have anything else to do until everything gets started.
【Ena】Thanks, Airi!
【Ena】Still, on top of your hair looking great today, you also did an amazing job with your makeup.
【Ena】I mean, here! Your skin looks like it's been airbrushed!
【Airi】Hehe. Of course it does!
【Airi】I spent as much time on my makeup today as I do for a TV shoot.
【Ena】Really...?!
【Ena】But it's a shame that your disguise is covering up your face. I mean, you worked so hard.
【Airi】That's fine. I went all out because I knew I was seeing you today, Ena.
【Airi】So as long as you've seen it, that means I've accomplished my mission.
【Ena】Wait, me?
【Airi】I mean, it's not often that we get to spend all of New Year's Day hanging out together.
【Airi】I wasn't about to do a half-hearted job on my makeup, disguise or no.
【Ena】Airi...
【Ena】Hehe. You really went through all that trouble just for me?
【Airi】Yeah, and you should feel honored that you got me to put in so much effort.
【Ena】Of course, your majesty.
【Ena】Anyway, we gotta send Mizuki the best pic we can! Let's try a different pose next, Airi!
【Airi】Alright, sounds good!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002501
[Caption] Early morning
[Caption] Shrine Hall
[Sound] se00484_b
[Sound] se00483_b
【Airi】Alright, we're done with our New Year's shrine visit!
【Minori】Yup! We're gonna work harder and harder and harder this year to make our dream of doing a show at the Dome a reality!
【Airi】Hehe. That's what I like to hear. Now, let's go see how lucky we are by drawing ourselves some fortunes!
【Haruka】Come to think of it, we chose this shrine because it enshrines a deity of the performing arts, but they also have cute fortunes, right?
【Shizuku】I'm also looking forward to what their fortunes look like.
【Airi】Instead of telling you, it'll be quicker to just see for yourselves. The shrine office should be... Oh, over there!
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_4
【Airi】Yes! These are the flower fortunes that they only have during New Year's!
【Minori】Wow! The shelves are all covered in different types of flowers!
【Shizuku】But they're not real. They're all made of paper, yes?
【Airi】Yeah, using washi paper. The actual fortune is apparently tied to the flower's stem.
【Haruka】Oh, that's interesting. Then, does that mean we should choose our favorite flowers?
【Minori】Hey, look! The shelves for these flowers all have numbers written on them!
【Airi】Just tell the shrine maiden which number you'd like and she'll bring over your flower.
【Airi】Also, these aren't the only flower fortunes this place has to offer. Look to your right!
【Shizuku】Oh, those fortunes are all shaped like cherry-blossom petals!
【Airi】That's right! Each petal is designed to be unfolded, which then reveals your fortune.
【Haruka】Interesting. And it turns into a cherry blossom once it's fully bloomed, so to speak.
【Minori】Cool! Those also seem really cute!
【Airi】I know, right? We made plans to draw fortunes together, so I thought we could create some fun memories for ourselves.
【Airi】(I really need to thank Ena again for telling me about these fantastically photogenic fortunes.)
【Airi】Let's go over and ask once we've all made our choices.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Haruka】You still seemed undecided until a second ago, Minori, but you decided to go with the flower petal type, the same as Shizuku?
[Sound] bgm00171
【Minori】Yup! I thought this one would suit my room the best!
【Shizuku】I'm very much looking forward to seeing what my fortune says.
【Airi】Me too. Let's all open them together.
【Airi】Ready, everyone? One, two...!
[Sound] se00122_b
【Haruka】Oh, I got a blessing.
【Shizuku】Mine is a small blessing.
【Airi】Same here... I'm not sure how to feel about this.
【Minori】B-B-B-B-Bad luck?!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】Oh dear...
【Airi】Hey, that's perfect! That's the best result we could ask for, TV-wise.
【Minori】The best?! Far from it! And we're not doing a shoot right now!
[Sound] bgm00200
【Minori】I-I'm gonna go get another one!
[Sound] se_run_women_001_1
【Airi】Seriously, she doesn't see how that's variety-show gold?
【Airi】At the same time, I'm not happy with my fortune either. So, I'm also gonna draw another one. I want a great blessing or absolutely terrible luck!
[Sound] se_run_women_001_2
【Haruka】I understand wanting a great blessing, but I don't think I've ever heard someone say that they want terrible luck with such exuberance...
【Shizuku】Yes, but we also shouldn't expect anything else from Airi.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Minori Hanasato will now be making her second drawing! Please!
【Airi】Great blessing or terrible luck! Great blessing or terrible luck!
[Sound] se00122_b
【Airi】Bad luck...?!
【Airi】This is actually terrible. Getting a worse fortune is one thing, but it's not really funny if I have the same bad luck as you, Minori!
【Airi】If anything, it would've been better if I drew another small blessing. That seems way more unlikely, so it would at least be funny—
【Minori】Nooooooo! Wh-Why does it keep giving me bad luck?!
【Airi】M-Minori...
【Airi】Hey, the year's just started, but you're already on fire! Not many people get two of those in a row!
[Sound] bgm00015
【Minori】What do you mean I'm on fire?! This is terrible!
【Airi】No, it's not! You've even been providing us with top-notch reactions! But I'm not about to let you hog the spotlight!
【Haruka】Airi...
【Airi】My small blessing was followed by bad luck... Normally, I'd draw one more and hope for a positive.
【Airi】But nothing will do right now other than terrible luck!
[Sound] se_run_women_001_3
【Airi】Excuse me! Can I draw another fortune?!
【Haruka】Us drawing fortunes has suddenly turned into practicing for our next appearance on a variety show...
【Shizuku】All this activity must've woken Airi's inner variety-show spirit from its slumber.
【Minori】I-I'm also not leaving here with just bad luck!
【Minori】Wait for me, Airi! I also wanna draw another one!
[Sound] se_run_women_001_1
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Caption] MORE MORE HOUSE
【Airi】Morning, you two!
【Minori】Oh! Morning, Airi!
【Minori】By the way, did you look at those documents we sent you the other day?
【Airi】Don't worry. I looked at everything you both sent me.
【Airi】I thought you did a good job of explaining how our fans would see things, Minori. Your suggestions should allow us to make the most of our strengths.
【Airi】As for you, Shizuku, I really liked your idea of presenting some affordable skincare products. It feels like a good reason to keep this series going.
【Shizuku】I'm glad you feel that way. In that case, I'll start hammering out the details.
【Airi】Thanks. I jotted down some suggestions for ways we could make it even better, so let's keep doing what we can to turn these ideas into really good streams!
【Minori】You made your own suggestions...?! Thank you so much, Airi!
【Shizuku】While we're on the subject, Airi, how is your idea coming along? You've been helping us so much...
【Airi】It's coming along fine. I more or less know what I wanna do now, so I'm currently in the middle of working out the details. You two keep focusing on your own ideas.
【Shizuku】If you say so. But let us know if you do need our help, okay?
【Airi】I promise to let you know if that does happen.
【Airi】Anyway, let's jump into today's agenda!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Evening
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】Alright, I've taken a bath and finished stretching. Let's get back to working on my segment.
【Airi】(I told the other two that I'd be fine, so I need to make sure that we're able to put on a good stream...)
【Airi】Let's see... I was in the middle of choosing recipes for another cooking stream. My current candidates are...
[Sound] se00122_b
【Airi】(Thankfully, this series has become pretty popular. It's nice how our viewers get to have fun regardless of whether or not they know how to cook.)
【Airi】(So, I'll want to cook something that they'll all like... Which should I choose?)
【Airi】(Maybe something healthy with lots of veggies? Or a recipe that's both quick and easy...?)
【Airi】It's usually best to look to our fans about questions like these.
【Airi】So, let's see if I can find any clues in the comments. I'll take a look at our archived streams.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00320_b
[Sound] se00320_b
【Airi】I see.
[Sound] bgm00180
【Airi】Last time, a lot of people said they really appreciated us going with a simple recipe.
【Airi】One person said, “My parents loved it when I made these for them.” And another even said, “I don't cook a lot, but this recipe ended up being really fun.”
【Airi】When you take our fans into consideration, it's probably best to go with a recipe that's geared towards novices instead of experienced cooks.
【Airi】So, for our next stream...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] The next day
[PlaceInfo] MORE MORE HOUSE
【Airi】Now then... We'll be giving our usual progress reports today, but I'd like to go first for a change!
【Airi】Like I mentioned last time, I'm thinking about doing another cooking stream, and I've picked out some prospective recipes.
【Minori】Oh, what are you gonna cook this time?!
【Airi】Alright, this time, I'm going with... “An Easy Peasy & Appetizing Recipe!”
【Shizuku & Minori】“An Easy Peasy & Appetizing Recipe”...?!
【Airi】That's right. After taking another look at our previous stream, I noticed that a lot of our viewers don't really cook on a regular basis.
【Minori】Yeah, now that you mention it, you went with a simple recipe last time!
【Airi】Which I believe led to a bunch of our viewers giving it a try themselves.
【Airi】So, I'm thinking about doing something similar this time around.
【Shizuku】Hence the “easy peasy” recipe, yes?
【Minori】If the recipes you chose really are both easy and appetizing, then I'm sure everyone will want to give it a try!
【Airi】I'm glad you're saying that.
【Airi】Also... While we're at it, I'd like to make sure it's nutritionally balanced.
【Airi】A recipe that's both healthy and delicious. With lots of veggies and other stuff that's good for you.
【Airi】Once I've got my final list of candidates, I'll be doing a test run. When I do, I'll need you two to taste test for me!
【Minori】Woohoo! I can't wait to try what you make, Airi.
【Shizuku】You've been helping us quite a lot with our ideas, so we need to return the favor somehow.
【Airi】Hehe. Then, let's all do our best.
【Airi】I'm gonna need all the help you two can give me in order to make this stream a good one!
【Shizuku & Minori】Of course! No problem!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Caption] MORE MORE HOUSE - Kitchen
【Airi】Alright, we have all the ingredients we need for this recipe.
【Airi】Today, I'll be testing out the recipes I've picked out for my stream.
【Minori】My stomach's already grumbling!
【Airi】Hey, hold your horses.
【Airi】This is meant to be a full dress rehearsal, so let me know if something doesn't seem right.
【Airi】Anyway, the three recipes I have as candidates are... A rice bowl with three toppings, chopped daikon radish leaves with fried tofu and tuna butter rice.
【Airi】I'll need you two to help me make them, okay?
【Shizuku】Yes, of course!
【Minori】We promise to do our best so that they turn out really yummy!
【Airi】Thanks. Then, let's get started, shall we?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00201
【Shizuku】So, the toppings for the rice bowl are... Ground chicken, scrambled eggs and stir-fried bell peppers, yes?
【Minori】Ground chicken and eggs go great together. And bell peppers are really good for you...
【Minori】*Gasp* Doesn't that make this a nutritionally complete meal?!
【Airi】That might be saying too much. But there's no doubting that it's nutritious and delicious.
【Minori】Oh, but... Not everybody likes bell peppers.
【Airi】I've got that covered.
【Airi】For those who aren't fans of bell peppers, I've come up with an alternative recipe that replaces them with snow peas and spinach.
【Airi】I plan to demonstrate those as well.
【Minori】Whoa! That's amazing, Airi! You really do have all your bases covered...!
【Shizuku】Next is the chopped radish leaves.
【Shizuku】It's common for people to toss the leaves, so it should be nice to present a recipe that makes use of them.
【Airi】Exactly. Not only are they really nutritious, they're actually really versatile.
【Airi】Yes, they are a bit bitter, but that can be remedied by cooking them. I even threw in some sakura shrimp for a better aroma.
【Minori】Oh, this would go amazingly well with rice! I can't wait to try it...!
【Shizuku】And for the tuna butter rice, you're going to drain all the oil from the tuna can, yes?
【Airi】That's right. But that's just my preference. Those who want a bolder flavor can leave the oil.
【Airi】Oh, I bought some extra tuna, so why don't we give that a try too?
【Minori】Yes! We get to compare them!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】There we are! We managed to make everything I had planned.
[Sound] bgm00171
【Shizuku】Each dish went very smoothly, so I feel that our stream will go very well if we present everything at this pace.
【Minori】Also, everything looks so good...! The smell alone is making my mouth water!
【Shizuku】I'm also starting to get a little hungry.
【Airi】Hehe. In that case, let's start seeing how everything tastes!
【Airi】Put your hands together, and... Let's eat!
【Minori & Shizuku】Let's eat!
[Sound] se00166_b
【Shizuku】These radish leaves are delicious...!
【Shizuku】And they go perfectly with rice... Nom...
【Airi】Hehe. I'm glad to hear that. So, Minori, how's the tuna rice?
【Minori】...!
【Airi】Minori...?
【Minori】...! ...!!!
【Airi】Hey, we won't know what you're thinking if you don't tell us.
【Minori】*Gasp*
【Minori】Th-That's weird... I thought I just said how yummy and delicious this dish is over and over.
【Airi】Yeah, in your head. Also, you gotta say more than “yummy” and “delicious”.
【Minori】R-Right...! I still have a lot to learn...
【Airi】That being said, I'm glad to hear that it tastes good.
【Airi】And we finished cooking right on time. This means we should be able to make everything live just fine.
【Airi】But we also have those alternative recipes to consider... Why don't we talk about how we're gonna work those in?
[Sound] se00048_b
[Sound] se00043_b
【Saito】Good morning! We're back.
【Haruka】We're... Wait, huh? Something smells really good.
【Shizuku】Oh, you're both back.
【Minori】We were just whipping up some yummy dishes for an upcoming stream!
【Saito】Oh, I see! That explains this delicious aroma...
【Airi】If you're hungry, then wanna join us for our taste test? Everything's done, so I'd love to hear what you both think.
【Haruka】Well, I am pretty hungry... So, Airi, if you don't mind us having some of your cooking.
【Airi】Hehe. Then, gimme a sec to get you two some rice. You're in for a treat since these dishes turned out really well!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003401
[Caption] Nonogi Park
【Airi】(Hehe. Taking that detour was the right call. I can't believe how much cute stuff they had...!)
【Airi】(I've been meaning to check out that general store for a while now. And I got some great shopping done!)
【Airi】(There's still a lot I wanna get, so I'll go back again sometime...)
【Airi】Wait, that looks like...
【Airi】Isn't that Mizuki? Hey, Mizuki!
[Sound] se_run_women_001_1
【Mizuki】Hm?
【Airi】Over here! Fancy seeing you here. You're in your uniform. Are you just coming back from school?
【Mizuki】Airi! Yeah, I decided to go today for a change.
【Mizuki】Huh? That bag you're holding... Did you go to that general store by the park?
【Airi】Oh, you're as sharp as ever! It was my first time going, and I thought it was really great.
【Airi】I didn't realize they carried so much cat merch...!
【Airi】The mittens and aprons they had were so cute. Actually, they had so much adorable stuff that I spent like an hour deciding what to buy.
【Mizuki】Yeah, that place does have a ton of cat stuff! I also have trouble deciding what to get every time I go.
【Mizuki】Anyway, what did you buy today?
【Airi】A pair of mittens. I really wanted to get some more things, but I decided to hold off until my next visit.
【Mizuki】Hehe. Sounds like they have a new regular now. Oh, speaking of cat merch, have you already checked out the shop that just opened up by the station?
【Airi】Of course I've already checked it out. I went right when it first opened, and...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Now, I'm thinking about turning a corner of my room into a sort of cat sanctuary! I'm trying to find the cutest position for each piece of merch I have.
[Sound] bgm00018
【Mizuki】Haha. You really do have a passion for cats, don't you, Airi.
【Airi】That's because they're so cute! Just the other day, this stray that lives near my house... Wait, huh?
【Mizuki】What's up?
【Airi】Over there... Are they setting up for an event or something?
【Mizuki】Hey, look at that. That looks like a Ferris wheel, and that other thing might be a roller coaster... Oh!
【Mizuki】Come to think of it, some people were talking about how a carnival was coming to town!
【Airi】Yeah, I also saw some people talking about that on social media!
【Airi】It caught my eye since carnivals are a pretty rare sight around here, but I never got around to checking any details.
【Mizuki】Me neither! What do you think it's gonna be like? Maybe there's some past info about it online.
【Airi】Yeah, let's try taking a look! Let's see... “Shibuya” plus “carnival”...
[Sound] se00183_b
[Sound] se00183_b
【Airi & Mizuki】What?!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】I-It's a cat-themed carnival...?!
【Mizuki】Look at this merry-go-round! They have cats instead of horses! It's way too cute...!
[Sound] bgm00190
【Airi】These teacups are also covered in cats! White ones, black ones and... Oh, they even have a tabby teacup!
【Airi】No... Th-This is... A must-visit for a cat lover!
【Mizuki】And the merch they have is totally off the hook...!
【Airi】Really?! No, I'm too scared to look. I mean, if the pics of the rides packed that much of a punch...
【Airi】No, I wanna see...!
【Airi】Nooo! L-Look at all the plushies they have...! They even have cat headbands and tote bags. It really is a cat carnival!
【Airi】And their mascot, Mikke...! He's so cute...!
【Mizuki】Oh, they even have someone dressed as him walking around... And you can take pictures with him!
【Airi】What?! Does that mean we can ask him to do different poses...?!
【Mizuki】Yeah, probably! Take a look at these pics. He's striking different poses in all of them.
【Airi】No way... That's so generous of him!
【Airi】And I've never seen a carnival that's all about cats like this...
【Airi】The people running it must really love them...!
【Mizuki】Yeah. We absolutely gotta go...
【Airi】When does it open? Next week...
【Airi】Do you happen to be free around then, Mizuki?
【Mizuki】I'm usually free, so I should be able to go whenever! How's your schedule looking, Airi?
【Airi】Let's see, I... Oh! We don't have any practices or streams scheduled for this weekend.
[Sound] se00183_b
【Mizuki】Okay! Then, I'll leave this day open!
【Airi】Thanks! I already can't wait...!
【Airi】We get to spend an entire day swimming in cats!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Caption] MORE MORE HOUSE
[Sound] se00043_b
【Airi】I got here a bit too early.
【Airi】Oh well. The proposals for our stream are all done, so I'll just sit and relax while I wait for the others.
【Airi】That reminds me... After the show, everyone sent me those videos of Nyantaro...
【Airi】I still haven't had a chance to look at them all yet, so I think I'll watch some now.
【Airi】Alright, play...
[Sound] se00183_b
【Tsukasa's Voice】<Oh, Nyantaro, how can we help you? Did you come to play with us again?>
【Nyantaro's Voice】<Meow.>
【Airi】*Sigh* Nyantaro...
【Airi】He must really love Tenma. Just look at the way he's brushing up against his legs. I'm so jealous...
【Mizuki's Voice】<Hey, Nyantaro! Let's take a picture together! C'mon, join us!>
【Minori's Voice】<Oh, he's coming this way! Alright, let's all make peace signs!>
【Nene's Voice】<Umm... L-Like this?>
【Nyantaro's Voice】<Meow.>
【Airi】(They've all become friends with Nyantaro.)
【Airi】(Let's see... What about this video...?)
【Airi】Nyantaro's lying on Minori's lap?! Th-This video was here the entire time...?!
【Airi】*Sigh* If only I could've pet him myself...
【Nyantaro's Voice】<Meow.>
【Mizuki's Voice】<Oh, Airi, Nyantaro's looking your way now.>
【Airi's Voice】<Hehe. What's up? Are you interested in me now?>
【Nyantaro's Voice】<Meow.>
【Airi】Oh, right... He was staring right at me here.
【Airi】What if...? Did he realize that I couldn't go near him...?
【Airi】No, that's just wishful thinking.
【Airi】Still...
【Airi】I'm really glad he didn't forget about me.
[Sound] se00043_b
【Minori】Good morning!
【Shizuku】Oh, Airi, you're here very early.
【Haruka】You beat us here. We thought we were going to be the first ones to arrive.
【Airi】Morning. Did you all come here together today?
【Minori】Yeah! We just happened to run into each other...
【Minori】Huh? The video you're watching... Is that Nyantaro?
【Haruka】Are you talking about the cat you two met at that carnival?
【Airi】Yeah, I was watching some videos she and the others took while we were there. Here, check it out.
【Haruka】Oh, let me see.
【Shizuku】Wow, he's adorable. I can see why you like him so much, Airi.
【Airi】Exactly! He's just absolutely precious!
【Airi】I mean, just look at the way his eyes twinkle when he looks up at the camera! It's like he's casting a spell on you! I can't look away for even a second!
【Haruka】Hehe. He's that mesmerizing, huh?
【Shizuku】But I think I know what she means. I'd probably give him everything he wants if he looked at me like this.
【Minori】Cats really do the cutest things...!
【Minori】Just the other day, I saw this video that's been going viral where a cat paws at its owner's feet!
【Airi】I saw that too! The way it was trying to get its owner's attention...!
【Airi】Imagine having a cat that loves you that much. The owner must be the happiest person in the world...!
【Haruka】Come to think of it, Minori... When we saw that video, you said that Samo does something similar.
【Airi】Wait, really?
【Minori】Oh, that's right! Whenever he wants to go for a walk, he begs by pawing at my feet!
【Minori】He'll even use his puppy dog eyes on me! And it works every single time...!
【Minori】No matter how tired I am, I end up wanting to fulfill his wish!
【Shizuku】Hehe. I'm sure he's very cute when he does that.
【Minori】He is! I'll take a video next time and send it to you guys!
【Minori】But Samo's also really cute when he takes naps in the sun. Like, he'll roll on his back by the window and...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Hold on... We might have something here.
【Shizuku】What do you mean?
【Airi】This feels like a great idea for a stream segment.
【Airi】We could have us talk all about the cute things animals do and stuff!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Airi】The look on your face while you talked about Samo just now was perfect, Minori. I bet our fans would love seeing that!
【Shizuku】Yes, I agree... You did make a wonderful expression just now, Minori.
【Haruka】I'm also for this idea. Segments surrounding animals rank pretty high in popularity, so I'm sure our fans will enjoy this segment.
【Minori】Hold on! Does that mean I get to talk about all the cute things Samo does?
【Airi】Of course. It's your chance to tell us everything about him.
【Airi】Oh, we basically had a meeting before we even started...
【Haruka】I see no problem with that. We have a good discussion going, so let's make this the meeting.
【Airi】Yeah, good point. In that case, let's start hammering out the details.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Airi】Thanks for practicing with us again today, everyone.
【Miku】Don't mention it. We're glad we get to, since it's great practice for us too.
【MEIKO】The next time we have joint practice, you'll get to see us at the next level!
【Airi】Well, the four of us are gonna polish our singing and dancing even more and really knock your socks off!
【Rin】Hehe. We'll see who knocks whose socks off!
【Rin】Oh, but the next time you come see us won't be for joint practice. We'll be celebrating♪
【Shizuku】Yes. We'll be back for Airi's birthday.
【Luka】Are you going to have the usual birthday stream?
【Minori】Yup. We've already got everything planned, so now we just need to rehearse and wait for the day!
【Haruka】Here's an idea. Why don't we leave a tablet here so you can all watch in real time?
【KAITO】You don't mind? In that case, we could connect it to one of the stages' screens and have a viewing party.
【Len】A viewing party sounds great. We'll have to get some snacks and drinks ready too.
【Miku】Oh, hey Airi. What kinds of segments do you have planned for your stream?
【Airi】We'll be looking back at funny or notable moments from our past streams, answering viewer questions live, all kinds of stuff!
【Airi】We've planned lots of segments our fans will really love, so expect to be impressed!
【Miku】It sounds like there'll be even more than I imagined! I'm so excited♪
【MEIKO】Oh, I almost forgot! Other than our viewing party, we also have to start preparing for Airi's birthday party.
【Luka】True. As far as the timing goes, I suppose after the stream would be best...
【Luka】Airi, do you have any plans for your birthday besides the stream?
【Airi】Hmm, I am supposed to meet some friends. But other than that, I don't—
[Sound] se00004_b
【Airi】Huh? I got a message from Saki...
【Saki's Message】<Hello! I know this is out of the blue, but will you be at school on your birthday?>
【Saki's Message】<If it's alright with you, me and Emu were really hoping for some of your time during lunch break! What do you think?!>
【Airi】Looks like one more thing came up.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000601
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] Airi's birthday
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Lunch break
[Sound] se00046_b
【Airi】We're supposed to meet on the roof...
【Airi】(Now that I think about it, Shizuku disappeared the moment our lunch break started. Was there something she—)
[Sound] se_run_women_002_1
[Sound] se_run_women_002_2
【Juniors】Um, hello, Momoi! Happy birthday!
【Juniors】We got you this birthday present! We absolutely positively aren't going to miss your stream today!
【Airi】You even got me a present...! Thank you!
【Airi】I haven't been able to wait for today's stream either. Let's have a great time, okay?
【Juniors】Yeah!
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【Airi】Oh, Asahina. What brings you to Class E?
【Mafuyu】I was hoping for a chance to speak with you as well, Momoi.
【Mafuyu】Happy birthday, Momoi. I don't have a gift like those girls did, though...
【Airi】No, just the thought is very touching! Thank you, Asahina.
【Mafuyu】By the way, I saw Tenma and Otori dashing up the stairs and saying they needed to get someplace before you arrived.
【Airi】Ah, yeah! We have plans to meet on the rooftop.
【Mafuyu】Then, I shouldn't keep you. Have lots of fun today, Momoi!
【Airi】Thanks, Asahina! It's my only birthday of the year, after all. I'll really savor it!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Rooftop
[Sound] se00018_b
【Airi】Sorry I'm late, you two! Wait, huh...?
【Emu】Airi!
【Saki】Happy birthday♪
[Sound] se00009_b
【Ichika, Honami & Shiho】Happy birthday!
[Sound] bgm00190
【Minori, Haruka & Shizuku】Happy birthday!
【Airi】Whoa...!
【Shizuku】Hehe. Are you surprised, Airi?
【Airi】How could I not be? I knew Saki and Emu would be here, but not all the rest of you...
【Ichika】Saki told us she'd be celebrating with you, so we decided to tag along.
【Honami】We put some dishes together for lunch, so please have as much as you like.
【Airi】Wow...! Look at all this food! Okay, as the star of the day, I'll eat my fill!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00230
【Shiho】This fried chicken is really good, Momoi. Here, have some.
【Ichika】Oh, I recommend the meatballs too!
【Airi】Thanks. I'll have some of both.
【Saki】No fair, you guys! Airi, I recommend the potato salad!
【Emu】This cheese wrapped in bacon is super duper delicious too, Airi!
【Airi】Hehe. I'll have some of those next, then. And if anyone has other recommendations, I wanna hear those too!
【Minori】She really is today's star. Everybody's trying to talk to her!
【Saki】Ta-daa♪ One special chocolate cake, made by Emu and me!
【Emu】We used the recipe you showed us before, Airi☆
【Airi】Thanks, you two! I can tell just by looking that you made it with a lot of care!
【Airi】I'm gonna have to put all my heart into eating it.
【Airi】So... It's time for the technique!
【Haruka】What technique?
【Minori】*Gasp* Is she gonna...?!
【Airi】Time for a bite♪
[Sound] se00089_b
【Airi】Mmmmm! My mouth is sooo happy right now♪
【Emu】Oh wow oh wow oh wooow! It's Happy Everyday's Happy Snacker!
【Saki】Aaaaah! I can't believe I got to see it in person again! I'm so happy right now too...!
【Haruka】Oh yeah. Apparently Kohane and An are preparing to celebrate too.
【Airi】Kohane and An? But they're on their trip to the US now, aren't they?
【Haruka】Right. That's why they'll be sending you a birthday message. They told me to make sure you look forward to it.
【Airi】I see! Well, I'll do just that!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Thanks for all this, everyone. The lunch and the cake were both so delicious!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Shiho】Don't mention it. We're glad you liked it.
【Saki】I'm absolutely, 100% gonna be there for your stream today, Airi!
【Emu】I'm gonna watch it with Nene and everyone too!
【Airi】Great, thank you! I'll go all out and make it a fun time!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a005701
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Cafe
【Ena】Thanks for making time to meet, Airi. I know you have your stream tonight.
【Airi】I should be thanking you. I'm glad I get to see my friends on my birthday!
【Mizuki】Alrighty, everybody pick up a glass!
【Mizuki】To Airi, the birthday girl!
【Airi, Shizuku, Ena & Mizuki】Cheers!
【Ena】Okay, Airi, here! Your present from me and Mizuki!
【Airi】Thanks!
【Airi】A gift from the two of you... I wonder what it is. Can I open this bag?
【Mizuki】Yup! We wanna hear what you think!
【Airi】Alright...
[Sound] se00187_b
【Airi】It's...! It's so cute...!
【Airi】What is this pouch?! It's got a cat embroidered onto it! And exactly the kind I like!
【Ena】Right? I came up with the cat's design.
【Mizuki】Then, I did my very best embroidering it, with some guidance from Shizuku♪
【Mizuki】Thanks so much, Shizuku! You helped me make the cat just like Ena's design.
【Shizuku】Hehe. You're very welcome.
【Airi】Ena, Mizuki... Shizuku, too. Thank you all.
【Airi】This must have taken a while, right?
【Mizuki】You could say that.
【Ena】But that's how much we wanted to celebrate.
【Airi】Thank you so much. I'll treasure this pouch.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Sound] bgm00171
[Caption] MORE MORE HOUSE
【Airi】Okay, I'm done looking over the script. To finish off, I think I'll do one last check of the equipment.
【Shizuku】Airi is very focused.
【Haruka】She has been excited for her stream all this time...
【Haruka】But I think now is the time for what we have to show her.
【Minori】Airi! Come over here a minute!
【Haruka】How about a little break? There's something we want you to see.
[Sound] se_walk_women_005_1
【Airi】Something you want me to see?
【Shizuku】Yes. Could you take a look at our office space?
【Airi】Huh...? That's a pretty big cardboard box. What's inside?
【Shizuku】It's full of birthday presents addressed to you, Airi.
【Airi】What...?! Everything in here?!
【Haruka】Yeah. Remember how Saito got a PO box set up for us so we can receive mail? Apparently some fans sent gifts to it.
【Minori】By the way, this is just the first box. Saito went to get the rest!
【Airi】All this, for me...
【Shizuku】Hehe. I think everyone wants to celebrate the Airi they love so much.
【Airi】...
【Airi】The stream's about to start... But I'm so happy, I might cry.
【Airi】I've received all these birthday blessings, so I've gotta thank everyone in the best way possible!
【Airi】I'm gonna rock this stream! Help me out, girls!
【Minori, Shizuku & Haruka】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000421
[Sound] bgm00241
【An】Happy birthday, Airi!
【Kohane, Akito & Toya】Happy birthday! Happy birthday.
【Akito】We're in the US right now, so we recorded a birthday song for you with some people we met at the Academy of Music here.
【Toya】It came out to be quite an energetic performance, so I believe you'll enjoy it.
【Kohane】We stuffed in enough birthday well-wishes to match everyone there in Japan, so we really want you to see it!
【Nene】Happy birthday, Momoi. Thanks for everything at the Shibu Schools Fest. Um... It'd be nice to work with you again.
【Tsukasa】Doesn't that sound a tad stiff, Nene? It's a friend's birthday, you could stand to show more energy and—
【Emu】Dun da-da-DUN-DUN-DUN♪ Happy birthday, Airi☆
【Rui】Here goes the celebratory cannon! Three, two, one...!
[Sound] se00140_b
【Tsukasa】Gwaaah! You two have far too much energy! Balance! Can there be no balance?!
【Nene】A-Anyway...! We hope you have a great birthday!
【Kanade】Happy birthday, Momoi. It'd be great to have another tea party when we get the chance.
【Mafuyu】I think Momoi likes Japanese sweets, so it could be good to serve some green tea like you would for tea ceremony.
【Kanade】Huh? W-Would I manage...?
【Ena】I think you'd be fine if you asked Airi to teach you.
【Mizuki】A tea party between us and Airi... I like it! Let's find a time and give it a shot!
【Ena】We'll be counting on you when that happens, Airi! I really hope you're having the best birthday!
【Ichika】Happy birthday, Momoi.
【Saki, Honami & Shiho】Happy birthday♪ Happy birthday.
【Saki】I had so much fun celebrating with everyone! I mean, you were super happy about it, Airi!
【Honami】Hehe. It was worth discussing how we should celebrate.
【Shiho】Still, it's funny how all that thinking just brought us to eating lunch together.
【Saki】Well, that seemed like the best idea to let us talk a bunch and tell Airi happy birthday!
【Saki】Airi, I know work is gonna keep you busy, but I hope you'll make this a great year♪
【Minori】One more time, Airi, happy birthday!
【Shizuku】I got to see you beaming every time someone wished you a happy birthday, and that made it a happy day for me too.
【Haruka】I felt the same when we saw all the comments from everyone who came to see your stream. They weren't for me, but they still made me feel so warm inside.
【Minori】Just look at me, I got moved to tears there at the end of the stream!
【Haruka】Hehe. It was a surprise to see Airi start crying too.
【Shizuku】I'm sure when she saw Minori's tears, she just couldn't hold back any longer.
【Shizuku】I love that side of you, Airi.
【Haruka】Hehe, me too. Airi, we're all wishing you a very happy birthday!
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Airi】Thank you for celebrating with me so much today.
【Airi】The way I see it, having people outside your family celebrate your birthday is a very fortunate thing.
【Airi】I mean, birthdays are all about saying, “Thanks for coming into this world” or “Thanks for being here”, right?
【Airi】People who aren't even family feel that way about you, and show it in all kinds of different ways.
【Airi】That's why it made me so happy every time someone wished me a happy birthday.
【Airi】I'll use this year to return the favor for all your well-wishes!
【Airi】As Airi Momoi the idol, of course!
【Airi】Lovely! Fairy! Airi... Momoi!!!
[Sound] se00089_b
【Airi】I'll see you later!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001501
[Caption] Park
[Sound] se_run_women_001_1
【Airi】Phew... I made it to the turnaround point.
【Airi】I was pretty exhausted last time, but I feel good today. I guess that means my stamina's improved...
【Neighborhood Girl】Mom, this way! Hurry!
【Girl's Mother】Yes, I'm coming. Where would you like to take a picture next?
【Neighborhood Girl】The flower beds! I'll look cuter if I'm surrounded by flowers, right?
【Airi】(Hehe. She's so full of energy. She must be having a little photo shoot with her mom.)
【Neighborhood Girl】I wanna look just like my favorite model, Na, okay?!
【Airi】(That reminds me of all those times I had Mom take pictures of me. I remember having so much fun...)
【Airi】(Actually, I think we took some at this park...)
【Airi】(Oh, now I remember. When I was preparing for my very first audition...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a001301
【Elementary School Airi】Do you have the camera, Mom?!
[Sound] bgm00195
【Airi's Mother】I have it right here. Oh, Airi, wait. Your bangs are a bit of a mess.
【Elementary School Airi】What?! Really?!
【Airi's Mother】Didn't I warn you not to run? Here, I'll fix them now.
【Elementary School Airi】No, I'll fix them myself! Look, I even made sure to bring a mirror!
【Airi's Mother】Oh, you're so prepared.
【Elementary School Airi】That's because we're taking my application picture! I also brought my makeup kit just in case I need to do some touch-ups.
【Elementary School Airi】(Let's see... Brush this tuft to the right, and... Oh, this bit's sticking up again.)
[Sound] se00055_b
【Elementary School Airi】Alright, that should do it...!
【Elementary School Airi】My bangs are all set, and my makeup's on just like I practiced! So, uhh... I should be in my “best condition”!
【Elementary School Airi】I'm gonna pass my audition and become a dazzling idol...!
【Elementary School Airi】And that means we've gotta get amazingly cute pictures of me!
【Airi's Mother】Hehe. Let's both do our best. So, where would you like to take them?
【Elementary School Airi】About that...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Sound] bgm00006
【Elementary School Airi】Here we are! The Scramble Crossing! I want to look like a fashionable “city girl”, so...
【Elementary School Airi】Mom, let's take one in front of this big poster!
【Airi's Mother】Okay. Try posing for me now.
[Sound] se00075_b
[Background Change] bg_a005601
【Airi's Mother】This seems like a nice spot. It gives us a wonderful view of the sea.
【Elementary School Airi】Yeah! For this one, I wanna change things up by trying to look more grown-up.
【Elementary School Airi】Just like the girl on this magazine. Take a picture when my hair's all fluffed out!
[Sound] se00075_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001502
[PlaceInfo] Park
【Airi's Mother】Look a little more to your right for me... Perfect! Hold still...
[Sound] bgm00024
[Sound] se00075_b
【Airi's Mother】Yes, you look very cute... You're so good at making these adorable expressions, Airi.
【Elementary School Airi】Really? Lemme see!
【Elementary School Airi】(I tried going for a “natural” look since I play at this park all the time.)
【Elementary School Airi】(And Mom just said she really liked my expression, so I bet it turned out...)
【Elementary School Airi】(Huh...?)
【Airi's Mother】What's wrong, Airi?
【Elementary School Airi】This isn't the smile I imagined...
【Elementary School Airi】But why? Was I acting too meek...?
【Airi's Mother】Yes, you do seem more well-behaved than normal.
【Elementary School Airi】But I'm always well-behaved!
【Elementary School Airi】I might've been feeling a little anxious. Can we try retaking that, Mom?
【Airi's Mother】Of course. We can keep trying until we get the picture you want.
【Elementary School Airi】Thanks!!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001501
【Airi】(We ended up shooting for like three days.)
【Airi】(Mom made room in her busy schedule to spend all that time with me...)
【Airi】(Still...)
【Airi】(Ever since then, I've kept doing what I can to make my dream a reality. I'm standing here right now because I worked so hard.)
[Sound] bgm00039
【Girl's Mother】Oh, I think this one turned out really nicely. Take a look.
【Neighborhood Girl】Yeah, it did! But I still feel like I can make a more natural expression...!
【Neighborhood Girl】Because I'm definitely gonna be a dazzling model just like Na someday!
【Airi】Oh...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_b000804
[Background Change] bg_a001501
【Airi】I still need to keep trying harder and harder.
【Airi】So I can tell little me that...
【Airi】I became a dazzling idol, just like she wanted.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001302
[Caption] Outside the MORE MORE HOUSE
【Minori】*Sigh* I'm totally out of gas...
【Airi】Haruka's dance practice was as hard as ever.
【Minori】Yeah, I'm super hungry now...
【Minori】Oh, I know! Why don't we all go somewhere to eat?
【Haruka】That sounds good. We've been practicing pretty hard for the grand prix, so it might be nice to relax for a change.
【Shizuku】Yes, I agree. What do you think, Airi?
【Airi】Oh, sorry... I need to go shop for some stuff today, so you three have fun without me.
【Minori】Okay. Then, let's go out to eat another time.
【Haruka】Yeah, I'm sure we'll get a chance to soon.
【Shizuku】What are you shopping for, Airi?
【Airi】A present for my mom.
【Minori】For your mom? Oh, is her birthday coming up or something?
【Airi】Nothing like that, but... Remember the story I told you all the other day about my first audition? She's been supporting me so much ever since then...
【Airi】I was reminded how she's the reason I was able to become an idol at all. And I'm able to keep working as one because of her.
【Airi】So, I want to show just how much I appreciate her by buying her a little gift.
【Shizuku】Oh, that's so wonderful. I'm sure your mother's going to love your gift.
【Haruka】Have you already decided what you're going to get her?
【Airi】Not fully. I'm getting her a bouquet and something else. I still haven't decided what that's gonna be yet.
【Airi】My plan for today is to browse around a few shops.
【Shizuku】In that case, can I go with you?
【Airi】Huh?
【Shizuku】Your mother helped you become an idol, which means I also owe her quite a lot.
【Haruka】That also goes for me. I'd like to help out as well.
【Airi】You guys...
【Airi】Thanks. Then, I think I'll take you up on that.
【Minori】You can count on us! Let's go find a gift that really encapsulates your feelings, Airi!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] Several dozen minutes later
[Caption] General Store
【Haruka】Here we are. Let's start looking, shall we?
【Minori】Yeah! We're looking for relaxation products, right?!
【Airi】That's right. My mom leads a busy life, so I want to give her something that washes away fatigue.
【Shizuku】Something that washes away fatigue... Oh, they have some aroma diffusers over here.
【Shizuku】They even have a wide variety of essential oils available. If you buy several different kinds, she could change them out as she pleases.
【Airi】“A quiet model that produces only fifteen decibels of noise”...? Not bad. She could put this in her bedroom.
【Haruka】If we're going with something fragrant, then the bath salts over there could also work. I'm sure she enjoys having nice, relaxing baths.
【Minori】Yeah! Let's go check them out!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【Airi】Thanks for waiting while I paid for it, you guys!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Minori】You went with that aroma diffuser, right?!
【Airi】The sample fragrances they had were amazing, so I have a feeling this will help her sleep really well.
【Airi】Now we just need to head over to the flower shop for that bouquet...
【Haruka】Oh, before we do... We found something nice while you were at the register.
【Airi】Is this a message card...? Oh, it's covered in hearts! That's so cute!
【Shizuku】Isn't it adorable? This would make your bouquet for her feel even more special.
【Shizuku】And make it all the more clear just how much you appreciate her.
【Airi】Oh...
【Airi】Yeah, I'll include this... Thanks for the help, you guys!
【Airi】(These three have helped turn my gift into something really lovely.)
【Airi】(I hope Mom likes it...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b003603
[Caption] The Lumina Forum - Bedroom
【Airi】Minori! Shizuku! It's morning! Wake up!
[Sound] se00296_b
【Minori】Mhm...
【Shizuku】*Yawn* Is something wrong, Airi?
【Airi】“Is something wrong”? Don't give me that! We're going to school this morning!
【Airi】Remember how we talked about leaving here a bit early because it's kinda far?
【Shizuku】Oh, that's right... Thank you for waking me, Airi...
【Airi】You too, Minori! You won't have time to eat breakfast if you don't get up soon.
【Minori】Mhm... Okay, Mom...
【Airi】I am not your mother!
【Haruka】Hehe. It sounds like she's still half asleep.
【Airi】Honestly... Wait, Minori, your hair's a total mess!
【Minori】Huh?
【Shizuku】Oh my... You look like a hedgehog.
【Airi】Lemme guess. You fell asleep without drying your hair properly, didn't you?
【Haruka】Now that you mention it, I saw her looking at her phone pretty late last night...
【Minori】But... I wanted to know what everyone was saying about the grand prix...
【Airi】Knowing what people are saying is important, but that all goes to waste if you catch a cold or something. So, you gotta be more careful.
【Minori】Okay...
【Minori】Anyway, where's my hairbrush...? Oh, here it is...
【Minori】Huh? No, this is my toothbrush...
【Airi】*Sigh* You leave me no choice...
【Airi】Come over here. I'll fix your hair for you.
【Minori】Wait, are you sure?
【Airi】Today's a special exception. We're all gonna be late if we don't do something about this right now.
【Airi】Alright, here we go! It's time for some Happy Brushing!
[Sound] se00881
【Minori】Hehe. I feel like I'm Samo...
【Shizuku】Hehe. You look so comfortable, Minori.
【Airi】Alright, your hair's starting to look much better...
【Airi】But I'm gonna need a dryer to fully fix this. Lemme spritz your hair with this primer, and...
【Haruka】You're pretty good at this, Airi.
【Airi】That's because I do this all the time for my little sister.
【Minori】Really? You always do her hair? She's so lucky.
【Airi】Enough of that. Close your eyes for me while I dry your hair.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Okay, I'm finished! What do you think?
[Sound] bgm00006
【Minori】Wow...! I don't believe it!
【Minori】This is amazing, Airi! You did a way better job than I've ever done!
【Airi】Heehee. It was a piece of cake.
【Minori】Hehe. I know I'm gonna have a really happy day now because you did my hair!
【Shizuku】I'm so glad for you, Minori.
【Shizuku】But I'm also a little jealous. Would you mind doing my hair as well, Airi?
【Airi】Huh?
【Haruka】Then, I'd like to ask the same.
【Airi】Wait, you already did your hair.
【Haruka】Yeah... But opportunities like this hardly ever come up.
【Shizuku】Please, Airi?
【Airi】Alright, fine.
【Airi】Come over here! I'll work on both of you at the same time!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003301
[Caption] The Lumina Forum - Ballroom
【Airi】Hello! Today's stream is being brought to you from the Lumina Forum!
【Haruka】Have you all been watching the grand prix stream?
【Comments】<Yes!> <Of course I've been watching!> <I've got both streams open in different windows!>
【Shizuku】Hehe. It looks like many of you have been watching.
【Minori】Alright, that probably means you guys already know all about the training camp. But since we're here, right...?!
【Airi】Yeah, we want to show you guys all the great things this place has to offer.
【Airi】We're calling this...
【Airi】The Special Lumina Grand Prix Stream! Explore! Discover! MORE MORE TOUR - Training Camp Edition!
【Haruka, Shizuku & Minori】Yay!!
【Comments】<You're gonna show us around?> <I wanna see what kinds of cool stuff this place has!>
【Airi】But... A plain old tour would be boring, right?
【Airi】So! We're gonna have a competition to see who gives the best presentation about the training camp!
【Airi】I'll be your MC! And these three will be our competitors!
【Minori】We promise to give the best presentations we can!
【Haruka】The same place can give off different impressions depending on who presents it and in what way.
【Shizuku】After the tour, please let us know in the comments who you thought did the best.
【Comments】<Roger!> <I'm expecting to be blown away!> <Good luck, everyone!>
【Airi】Alright, it's time for the MORE MORE TOUR to get started! Let's~
【Minori, Haruka, Airi & Shizuku】Go!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d005001
[Sound] bgm00190
【Haruka】We'll start by showing you all one of the meeting rooms.
【Haruka】The best part has to be how expansive this space is. The four of us might have a hard time making use of all of it.
【Haruka】It even has this big monitor, so we might be able to stream one of our brainstorming sessions here for everyone.
【Airi】Oh, not only are you giving us a solid presentation, but you're also giving us a good idea.
【Airi】We could show documents and stuff on this monitor while asking our fans what they think about our ideas.
[Background Change] bg_e002101
【Shizuku】Next, we'd like to show you all the cafeteria. They serve us such delicious food every day here.
【Shizuku】I recommend the meat and potato stew... Not only is it incredibly flavorful, the potatoes just fall apart in your mouth.
【Shizuku】Oh, but the Japanese mixed rice was also very good... It looked so appetizing because of all the different ingredients in it.
【Airi】Yeah, all of their dishes have been good. But the flavor isn't the only reason why this cafeteria's so great, remember?
【Airi】They've hired a certified nutritionist to make sure every dish is healthy and will help us stay fit.
【Airi】We can even ask to have custom dishes made for us.
【Comments】<Wow, that's pretty cool!> <Nice report, Airi. You really are a seasoned veteran.>
[Background Change] bg_b003603
【Minori】Ta-daa! Welcome, everyone, to MORE MORE JUMP!'s room!
【Minori】We decided to get it really organized to make sure we can use it as our second base of operations!
【Minori】My favorite thing is... Ta-da! The picture I've placed here!
【Minori】I know I'll miss him while I'm here, so I decided to frame my favorite photo of Samo!
【Comments】<Samo's so cute!> <Too close! Too close lol.> <What's the rest of the room like?>
【Airi】Alright, I know Samo means a lot, but isn't there something else you should be showing them?
【Minori】Oh, right! The penguin plushie over here is—
【Airi】No, that's not what I meant!
【Minori】But!
【Airi】You said that we worked hard to organize this room, so why aren't you talking more about that?!
【Airi】You were supposed to say how our workspace is over here and the relaxation area is set up over there, see how everyone responds and answer questions as you go along.
【Airi】You gotta get them interested and excited about what this place is like.
【Minori】Oh, right...!
【Comments】<Minori...> <Airi's tough tutelage lol.> <Even during this training camp, she can come up with good quips on the spot lol.>
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003301
【Airi】Alright, that concludes our report.
[Sound] bgm00171
【Airi】What did you guys think? We got around to basically everything.
【Comments】<It was great to get to see so much!> <Good reporting!> <I didn't think we'd get to see your room!>
【Airi】Thanks! That means our MORE MORE TOUR was a big success.
【Airi】Anyway, let's start polling. Write in the comments who you thought did the best.
【Minori】Oh, they're coming in already...!
【Haruka】Thank you for responding so quickly.
【Airi】Let's see... Just at a glance, I'm seeing Haruka's name the most.
【Comments】<Wait, Airi totally did the best.> <Yeah! Everyone's writing your name, Airi, lol!>
【Airi】Huh...?
【Comments】<You ended up giving the best explanations lol.> <Your little skit with Minori was so funny.>
【Shizuku】Oh, Airi, I think you received the most votes.
【Haruka】To be fair, you did a good job of filling in all the gaps in our reports.
【Airi】U-Uhh... Then, the winner is...
【Airi】Airi Momoi! Wait, why's the MC the winner?!
【Minori, Shizuku & Haruka】Haha! Hehe.
【Airi】Honestly, I'm not sure how to feel about this... But I guess it's all good since you guys ended up enjoying everything.
【Airi】Anyway, that's all for today! We've come up with a lot of other ideas, so stay tuned!
【Comments】<Looking forward to seeing more training camp streams!> <You're gonna win the grand prix! I'm rooting for you girls!> <Go MMJ!>
【Airi】Thanks! And we promise to do our best to keep you guys entertained!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b003501
[Caption] Before the show stream
[Caption] The Lumina Forum - Rehearsal Room
[Sound] se00350_b
【Airi】Okay, that looked good. I thought we were pretty in sync there.
[Sound] bgm00018
【Haruka】I agree since we also projected our voices very well.
【Haruka】That's basically it for this dress rehearsal... Is there anything that you'd like to go over again?
【Shizuku】I don't think so.
【Airi】Then, all that's left is the actual show. Let's do our best to make sure everybody has fun!
【Haruka, Shizuku & Minori】Yeah!
【Comments】<Hey, it's MMJ.> <You're in your stage outfits today.>
【Minori】Oh, you guys, look at the monitor! We're on right now!
【Airi】Perfect timing. That means we can do some advertising.
【Airi】Hey, everyone! We're gonna put on a mini-concert in a moment.
【Airi】You can see it on the official MORE MORE JUMP! channel, so come tune in if you're free!
【Comments】<A mini-concert?! I'm so watching!> <I can't believe I get to see an MMJ show.>
【Shizuku】Thank you all very much. Let's have a wonderfully fun time together.
【Haruka】We'll be doing a solo medley for this one, so we hope you'll look forward to that.
【Comments】<Oh, a solo medley!> <I have some time, so I might watch.> <I've been looking forward to this for so long!>
【Airi】(Getting to promote it on this stream is huge. I hope we can get a bunch more viewers to tune in...)
【Airi】(Hm...?)
【Comments】<I've never seen Momoi do a show before.> <She is known for being on variety shows.>
【Airi】(Yeah, a lot of people still seem to feel that way.)
【Airi】(However...)
【Airi】Hehe. I'll have you guys eating out of my hand after you see me sing and dance! I'm gonna show you all that Airi Momoi is about more than just variety shows♪
【Airi】Anyway, see you guys in a bit!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00137
[Caption] One hour later
【Minori】Alright, it's finally begun! The MORE MORE JUMP! mini-concert!
【Shizuku】Are you all ready to have lots of fun?
【Comments】<Yeeeaahh!!> <I've got my glow sticks ready!> <I'm so excited!!!>
【Airi】Hehe. You guys sound ready. Then, let's jump right in with our solo medley.
【Airi】Leading off for us is Haruka! You ready?
【Haruka】I'm ready! I promise to sing with everything I have and reach you all through your screens.
【Haruka】♪————!
【Comments】<Haruka's so cool!> <She's soloing this song?> <Raise the roof, you guys!>
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】♪————!
[Sound] bgm00096
【Airi】(Minori's doing even better than she did during our rehearsal. And everyone's posting a ton of comments... Way to go!)
【Airi】(Haruka and Shizuku are also doing a good job of putting their own strengths on display, and they're really captivating everyone...)
【Airi】(That means I also gotta give them a huge burst of energy!)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Thanks for listening, you guys! Last but not least in our solo medley is...Airi!
【Airi】Let's keep turning the heat up! I'm gonna give it everything I've got, so you guys gotta shout for me at the top of your lungs!
[Sound] bgm00091
【Comments】<It's finally Airi's turn!!!> <Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!>
【Airi】♪————!
【Haruka】Airi seems so motivated.
【Shizuku】Yes. Not only does her performance feel powerful, she's dancing with so much precision. You can tell that she really wants everybody to have fun.
【Airi】(I was right to come up with a solo version of this dance. Because I'm by myself, I can make use of the whole stage...)
【Comments】<You're amazing, Airi!> <She's gotten even better?!> <Way to go, Airi!>
【Airi】(Looks like they're all having fun.)
【Airi】(But I'm just getting started!)
【Airi】(I need to reach them through their screens. I need to move the hearts of everyone watching, more and more!)
【Minori】Wow, Airi, this is awesome...!
【Haruka】My heart's really racing.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Huff... Huff... Thanks for enjoying our solo medley, you guys!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Comments】<That was so awesome!!> <You were all really cute!> <That was the best medley ever!!>
【Shizuku】Thank you all very much! We're glad that all our practicing paid off.
【Comments】<That Airi girl at the end was great!> <I didn't know Momoi could do that.> <This really changes my perceptions about her.>
【Airi】(I was able to get through to them.)
【Airi】(Moving forward, I'm gonna do everything I can to show them all the different aspects of me...)
【Airi】(And get more and more people to learn about Airi Momoi from MORE MORE JUMP!)
【Airi】Anyway, this show's just getting started! Next, the four of us are gonna take the stage together!
【Airi】Let's keep this energy up until the very end!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Airi】(Alright, that should be enough ideas. Now I need to turn what I have into a whole segment...)
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_1
【Rin】Hi, Airi!
【Len】Good evening. Can we ask what you're doing here so late?
【Airi】I was working on the segment for our next stream.
【Airi】I was in my room just now, but I decided to come here after Shizuku and the others fell asleep.
【Rin】Oh, okay! Then, can we see what you have?
【Airi】Sure. But it's just a list of ideas at this point.
【Len】Let's see... An advice corner, a “MMJ Relatable Moments Championship”, wake-up pranks and close-up coverage streams of each member.
【Rin】Wow, all of these sound like so much fun!
【Rin】Huh...? Hey, are you not gonna sing or dance during your next stream?
【Airi】We did do a show stream just the other day. I'm thinking about having us do something with more of a variety feel for our next one.
【Airi】That's my wheelhouse, so I'm in charge of coming up with the ideas for it.
【Rin】Now I see! You are amazing at coming up with those sorts of ideas, Airi!
【Len】Yeah. Hm...?
【Len】Airi, what's this “hundred-question box challenge” about?
【Airi】Oh, that involves taking questions from our fans and answering a hundred of them in a row.
【Airi】After I wrote it down, I began to vaguely remember doing the same segment during that dream. I might've written that idea subconsciously.
【Rin】You're talking about the dream you had after you touched those black fragments?
【Len】You did say how you'd become a streamer.
【Airi】Yeah, I was apparently pretty popular. And I got to do a joint stream with Nanamin.
【Rin】Even in that dream, you were making lots and lots of people smile, Airi.
【Airi】Hehe. Yeah.
【Airi】But...I also wasn't sure how to feel.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Because the me in that dream didn't believe the person who appeared on all those variety shows was a real idol.
【Airi】Which is why she decided to spread hope to everyone by singing and dancing. In order to become a “real” idol.
【Airi】But...the real me knows the truth...
[Sound] bgm00039
[Sound] se00053_b
【Len】You did everything you could “for your fans”, right? I'm sure you were able to touch the hearts of so many people because of that.
【Len】They had to believe that tomorrow would be amazing because of you, Airi.
[Background Change] bg_a003901
【Shy Girl】But whenever I see you on TV, Happy Everyday, I forget all about feeling lonely.
【Shy Girl】Even when I do feel that way, I can cheer myself up just by thinking about you!
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Airi】The person who appeared on those variety shows was still able to spread hope to others as an idol.
【Len】Airi...
【Airi】Moving forward, regardless of if I'm on a variety show or a stage, I plan on making everybody smile.
【Airi】In order to do that, I'm gonna come up with fun stream ideas, practice singing and dancing a lot... And do everything else that I possibly can.
【Airi】Then, someday...
【Airi】I'll become the idol that I always wanted to be!
【Len】You really are such a cool idol, Airi...
【Rin】Yeah! I promise to give you all the support I can so that you can make your dream come true! Don't hesitate to ask for anything, okay♪
【Airi】Thanks, Rin, Len.
【Airi】Oh, we got pretty sidetracked there. I need to wrap up this segment before it gets too late.
【Airi】I know. Would you two like to help me out with this?
【Rin】Yeah, I wanna help!
【Len】Let's do our best to make it a really good one!
【Airi】I really appreciate it. Then, let's start with my current list of candidates.
[Sound] bgm00000
