【Shinonome Ena — Secondhand Ticket〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Shinonome Ena
Card: Secondhand Ticket（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Stream With Friends♡ Wedding Live!
scenarioId: 019036_ena02

[Background Change] bg_a005801
[Caption] Phoenix Bridal Fair Venue
【Honami】So, Hanasato, let's meet again in the audience when the show starts.
【Minori】Okay!
[Sound] se00748
[Sound] se00748
【Ena】Alright, what should we do until then?
【Shiho】The show doesn't start until the evening, so we have a bit of time on our hands now.
【Honami】Are there any places that you haven't had a chance to visit yet, Ena?
【Ena】Well, I've already seen all the exhibits... So I guess that just leaves the interactive corner.
【Shiho】We haven't been there yet either.
【Ena】Really? Then, wanna check it out together?
【Honami & Shiho】Yes! Okay.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] Interactive Corner
【Ena】Wow... I sorta couldn't believe it when I saw the pamphlet, but they really do have a ton of different booths here.
【Ena】Let's see... That's the hairdressing area over there, and the area for making bouquets behind it...
【Honami】Making bouquets is supposed to be very fun.
【Honami】Ms. Yoisaki and Mizuki made some together the last time we were here. They apparently chose flowers based on what they symbolize.
【Ena】Based on what they symbolize, huh?
【Shiho】I like how you can customize them based on that.
【Ena】Me too. Anyway, what else is there...? Oh, you can make your own ring bearer boxes!
【Shiho】Ring bearer boxes...?
【Honami】For the wedding rings and the pillow they sit on during the ceremony.
【Ena】Yeah, they make whatever you put in them look really fancy.
【Ena】Here, look. The description for this corner even says that they can double as accessory boxes.
【Shiho】Accessory boxes...
【Honami】It looks like they offer different case designs. We could make some really cute ones...
【Ena】Oh, you two sound pretty interested. We have some free time, so wanna give it a go?
【Ena】Have you two decided what your boxes are gonna look like?
【Shiho】I chose a glass case, so that I'll be able to see the pick I'm going to put inside.
【Ena】Oh, does this pick mean a lot to you?
【Shiho】It does. This bassist I really look up to gave it to me a long time ago. I've had it in a small photo frame until now, but a clear box seemed like a nice alternative.
【Ena】I see. I'm going with a crown I can put regular accessories in.
【Honami】I also really liked that one. It was one of my final candidates.
【Honami】But I decided to go with the birdcage since I'm planning on putting a necklace in mine. I was worried that the chain would get tangled.
【Ena】Yeah, I see what you mean. It's really easy for a necklace to get all tangled if you don't hang it up somewhere.
【Shiho】So, we're allowed to use all the decorations that are available to us here?
【Ena】Looks like it. They even have sample pictures, so let's take a look around and see what our best options are.
【Honami】This sounds like the hard part.
【Ena】Yeah. So, let's get to work.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00190
【Ena】Most of your decorations are red and black, Shiho.
【Shiho】I thought that I should try to match the colors of the pick I'm going to put in.
【Ena】I see.
【Ena】(Not many flowers and stuff either. I guess she's going with a simple design...)
【Ena】(And she only took a quick glance at the sample pictures. Maybe she's come up with her own idea.)
【Ena】I'm seeing a lot of greens, pearls and lace with yours, Honami. That's gonna look so fancy once it's finished!
【Honami】Thank you. One of the samples looked like it'd go with my necklace, so I'm using that as reference.
【Ena】There's nothing wrong with that. Plus, you can customize it any way you like.
【Ena】(Hehe. Working diligently from the book. That's Honami, alright.)
【Ena】(I'd better get to work, too.)
【Ena】This isn't really what I was going for... Maybe I should use a thinner lace.
【Honami】Maybe the lace for ribbons might...
【Ena】No, now it just feels like it's getting in the way. Lemme try taking it all off and leaving just the flowers. Then...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Honami】All our ring bearer boxes turned out so well!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Ena】Yeah, I can't wait to put my accessories in mine!
【Ena】Also, sorry for making you two wait while I took some extra time to finish.
【Shiho】No, that's okay. Watching you put your box together was actually kinda fun.
【Honami】You paid such close attention to the details. In particular, you seemed to spend quite a lot of time making sure you chose the right lace and flowers.
【Ena】Hey, thanks for noticing! I couldn't help but try to make it so it looked good from all angles.
【Shiho】(We also overheard her talking to herself...)
【Honami】(But maybe we should leave that part out.)
【Ena】Wait, what time is it?! The show hasn't started yet, right?
【Honami】We still have time.
【Ena】Really? Thank goodness!
【Shiho】But we may want to head over soon if we want to sit in a good spot.
【Ena】Agreed. Then, let's head over to the stage area and meet back up with Minori.
【Honami & Shiho】Okay! Okay.
[Sound] bgm00000
