【Otori Emu — Group Film Viewing☆〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: Group Film Viewing☆（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Backlight, Lens Flare
scenarioId: 014033_emu02

[Background Change] bg_a002303
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Emu】*Stretch* We're finally done shooting that film, you guys!
【Nene】We managed to get through the last day in one piece...
【Emu】Which means we can call it a wrap☆
【Tsukasa】A wrap, eh? A lot really did happen these past few weeks...
【Tsukasa】But looking back, each day we worked on this film ended up being very fulfilling.
【Rui】I agree. Especially since the initial plan was to participate for one day as extras. I still can't believe they allowed us to join the crew...
【Nene】Yeah, we sorta ended up working as a part of the crew a lot longer than the cast.
【Tsukasa】Yes, but getting to be extras was still an invaluable experience!
【Tsukasa】After our last performance, I was encouraged to keep the entire story in mind while still maintaining the passion behind my acting, and I was able to apply that this time.
【Tsukasa】And we got to watch Bakuno up close as he starred in a feature film for the first time!
【Nene】Yeah, I learned a lot from everyone too. Seeing how they played their characters, like how they used gestures and facial expressions, taught me a lot...
【Rui】Hehe. It sounds like this film ended up being a wonderful experience for the both of you.
【Emu】You both sound even more enthusiastic than usual!
【Emu】And you got to work as the director's assistant, Rui! How was that?
【Rui】Oh, each day was a challenge because of how unaccustomed I was to that environment. I could only do so much...
【Rui】But I was able to learn quite a lot from Mr. Ohara, so I'm glad I was given this opportunity.
【Rui】It reminded me of just how deep the directing rabbit hole goes... Hehe. So much so that I'm raring to put on another show now.
【Emu】Hehe... You also sound really enthusiastic, Rui!
【Rui】How about you, Emu? From what I understand, you spoke quite a lot with everyone on the crew.
【Emu】Yup! I learned lots and lots of things after talking lots and lots with the entire crew!
【Rui】Really? What did you talk about with them?
【Emu】Uhh... They told me how many people worked on the film, how they got everything ready for it and...
【Emu】How to actually make films like that from scratch!
【Nene】How to actually make them?
【Emu】We only got to help shoot this film, but other people put the schedule together, hired crew members, found shoot locations...
【Emu】Actually, people had already been doing a lot of work on it for years!
【Tsukasa】For years...?
【Emu】Not only that, they said how they still have a lot of work left to do after getting everything on film...
【Emu】So many different people have to come together to get it onto a screen for people to see!
【Emu】Also, what everyone told me reminded me of Keisuke and Shosuke.
【Rui】Your brothers?
【Emu】Yeah! It made me think how hard they have to work to bring shows to guests and put smiles on all their faces!
【Emu】Which is why I've decided to put in even more effort for the shows we do moving forward!
【Emu】Because just like this film, lots and lots of people are working behind the scenes to make those shows happen!
【Tsukasa】... You're right.
【Tsukasa】And I'm glad to hear that you also had a wonderful experience!
【Rui】Working on this film taught us all some incredibly valuable lessons.
【Emu】Hehe. I'm super duper glad that we all got to work on this film☆
[Sound] bgm00000
【Emu】(It's so great how we get to go to all these different places and learn new things together.)
【Emu】(First, we got to hear about how shows are produced with Shunmeiza. Then, we got to work as part of this film's crew...)
【Emu】(It's been fun to learn about just how much work goes into making people smile and laugh.)
【Emu】(I'm still not able to do much...)
【Emu】(But I'm gonna keep moving forward. I'm gonna keep working towards my dream.)
【Emu】(And we're gonna keep growing together!)
[Sound] bgm00000
