【Wonderlands×Showtime Chapter1 Episode7 The Fourth Member?】

Chapter: Chapter1
Episode: Episode7 — The Fourth Member?
scenarioId: wonder_01_06

[Background Change] bg_a000701
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Rooftop
【Tsukasa】I-I don't understand!
【Tsukasa】I was waiting for you to profusely thank me for giving you the rare and significant opportunity to work alongside me!
【Rui】Hehe. Unfortunately, we won't be doing a show together.
【Rui】You see, I like to work alone and with absolute freedom to stage any show I want.
【Rui】As long as my shows fill my audience's hearts with joy, I'm perfectly satisfied.
【Tsukasa】You want to make your audience happy?
【Tsukasa】In that case, you'd be making a mistake by not teaming up with me!
【Rui】Oh? And why would that be?
【Tsukasa】Because you'd want me, future international super-star, on your stage!
【Rui】Hm?
【Tsukasa】As a born star, I can deliver the ultimate in entertainment!
【Tsukasa】And since I've seen that show you did the other day, I can tell that you'd make an excellent stage director!
【Rui】Well, thank you.
【Tsukasa】Give me any role, and I will perform it to 12,000% satisfaction!
【Rui】Well, well. That's certainly impressive. Do you have anything to back up your claims?
【Tsukasa】You want proof? Ha! I don't have any! But what I do have is unshakeable confidence in myself!
【Tsukasa】Allow me to turn your plays into fabulous performances! Well? Don't you think we'd make an amazing team?
【Tsukasa】I will reiterate, if I perform in a show, it's going to be a smash hit, no doubt about it!
【Rui】Hehe, you're quite a character, aren't you. I can see that doing shows together might be exciting.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000101
【???】.....
[Background Change] bg_a000701
【Rui】Hm...
【Tsukasa】What is it? Someone you know?
[Sound] bgm00024
【Rui】..... Perhaps this is a good opportunity after all.
【Rui】Tsukasa, are you looking only for a stage director?
【Tsukasa】Huh? No, we need actors too. If possible, I'd like you to perform, too, on top of doing stage direction.
【Rui】If that's so, I will join you on the condition that you also invite a person I recommend.
【Tsukasa】Sounds good! But this person of yours had better be talented!
【Rui】I can vouch for that. We've been dabbling in theater together ever since we were little.
【Tsukasa】That's terrific! I get two new troupe members in one go!
【Rui】Well then. Let's work together to put on some unbeatable shows!
【Tsukasa】It'll be a pleasure having you on the team, Rui!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Sound] bgm00032
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Say hello to our new stage director!
【Emu】Wow! You're the performer from yesterday! Welcome, and wonderhoy☆
【Rui】Hmm... I didn't know about this stage. It's old, but well-maintained.
【Rui】You must be the other cast member Tsukasa mentioned. I'm Rui Kamishiro. Nice to meet you.
【Emu】Nice to meet you too, Rui! Please tell me, when will you do the next part of yesterday's show?
【Rui】You watched it too? I'm not sure when, but I can promise you that I will finish the story someday.
【Emu】You really promise?
【Rui】I give you my word.
【Emu】Hehe, thanks! Oh, and my name's Emu Otori!
【Rui】Otori? Hm...
【Emu】Rui, can we use your flying zoom-zooms in our shows here?
【Rui】Ah, my drones. Yes, of course.
【Emu】Omigosh! Can you make them go fwooooosh?
【Rui】Like shooting stars? It would certainly be fascinating to witness the formation of plasma around a drone flying at the speed of forty kilometers per second.
【Emu】Oh, but it would also be amazing if they could flutter-putter!
【Rui】Ah, yes. The unpredictable flight pattern of the blue admiral butterfly would be aesthetically pleasing, wouldn't it?
【Tsukasa】Are you two actually...communicating? I'm so confused...
【Tsukasa】But more importantly, where is the other person you wanted to invite to the troupe?
【Rui】Oh, I came with her but she's remarkably shy. Wait a moment, I'll go and get her.
【Emu】I wonder what she's like! This is so exciting!
【Tsukasa】Well, at least now we have enough members for our shows and soon the curtain shall rise on our first performance!
【Rui】Apologies for the wait. Here she is.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00074
[Sound] se00070
【Tsukasa & Emu】She's a robot?!
