【Mochizuki Honami — Unseen Feelings〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Mochizuki Honami
Card: Unseen Feelings（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Resonating with you
scenarioId: 003009_honami01

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] One day, during lunch
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Classroom
[Sound] se00046
【Honami】Excuse me. My name is Honami Mochizuki and I'm here for the cleanup committee meeting.
【Shizuku】Oh, Honami! I've been looking forward to seeing you.
【Honami】Hello, Shizuku. I've been looking forward to today as well.
【Shizuku】Oh, that's right... I heard that band practice has been a little tough lately.
【Shizuku】Shii's been coming home so late even when she doesn't have to go to work.
【Honami】I'm sorry for keeping her out so late...
【Honami】Shiho works with each of us during practice and it takes away from her own time too. She ends up having to wait until later to work on her own part...
【Shizuku】Oh, don't mind that. I'm sorry for not choosing my words better...
【Shizuku】I know that Shii's a hard-working girl, so it's not surprising that she's doing that...
【Shizuku】I also know that resting is just as important as practicing, Honami...
【Honami】Shizuku... Thank you for being so considerate of us.
【Honami】You're right about needing to rest. We'll make sure not to overdo things.
【Honami】We've been thinking about performing in our own show, so that might've gotten us a little worked up.
【Shizuku】A show? Oh, that's why you've been working so hard!
【Shizuku】When will it be? And where? I'll definitely come and see it!
【Honami】I'm sorry, but we still don't know yet... I promise to tell you when we do.
【Honami】But I'm worried about what's going to happen. I always get so nervous in those situations...
【Shizuku】Oh? Weren't you in the junior high brass band, Honami? I thought you'd be used to performing in front of others by now.
【Honami】Yes, I do have some experience but...
【Honami】The drummer is like the musical foundation that supports the entire band according to Shiho...
【Honami】If I don't play well, I may end up bringing everyone else down with me, and the audience won't know how hard we worked to get on stage.
【Honami】I need to build up my confidence and make sure that I can do my best.
【Shizuku】I see... I didn't know just how important the drums are...
【Honami】Yes... There's something else that's been bothering me as well...
【Shizuku】Is it about Shii...?
【Honami】Oh, yes...! Um, she hasn't been herself lately...
【Honami】Ichika's under the impression that we're just not at her level yet and she's actually been practicing on her own.
【Honami】But I'm wondering if that's really the whole story. I feel like we don't have the entire picture yet...
【Shizuku】I see...
【Shizuku】Shii hasn't been able to tell you yet...
【Honami】Shizuku...?
【Shizuku】Oh, it's nothing! Ignore that last part!
【Shizuku】But I'm sure working with Shii is no easy task either, right?
【Honami】Y-Yes, she's very hard on us...
【Honami】But that's also the reason that I've gotten better and I understand what she's trying to do with us.
【Honami】That's why I feel like we need to do everything we can to make sure her efforts don't go to waste.
【Shizuku】Okay...
【Honami】And for Saki's sake too...
【Honami】She's out of the hospital and her life is finally back to normal, so she wants to make up for all the time she lost.
【Honami】Our band is a part of her memories. I want to cherish it as much as possible!
【Shizuku】You're such good girls...
【Shizuku】Honami, would it be alright if I asked something of you...?
【Honami】Yes, of course...
【Shizuku】Please... Look after Shii...
【Honami】Huh...?
【Honami】(Is this about her taking on more than she can handle...?)
【Honami】Um... Yes, I will. I'll do what I can!
【Shizuku】Thank you very much.
[Sound] bgm00000
