【Azusawa Kohane — Profile Story】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
scenarioId: self_kohane_2nd

[Background Change] bg_c000202
[Caption] Weekend Garage
[Caption] Weekend Garage Stage
【Kohane】Okay, I'm ready to begin whenever...!
【Kohane】I always get nervous when I talk with the audience, but I should take this time to practice for the sake of our events...
【Kohane】So, here I go...!
【Kohane】Hello, everyone. I'm Kohane Azusawa from Vivid BAD SQUAD!
【Kohane】Thank you for coming to see our event today!
【Kohane】We know you're all looking forward to seeing a good show, so we promise to sing with everything we have from start to finish!
【Kohane】Huh? That was cool...? An, no... Now I feel embarrassed...
【Kohane】But I appreciate the compliment. I doubt I would've been able to do this before...
【Kohane】Oh, right... I should talk about the old me.
【Kohane】I used to not have any confidence in myself...
【Kohane】I didn't have any talents or dreams like everyone else around me...
【Kohane】But a part of me desperately wanted all that to change.
【Kohane】Then, one day, I wandered into this city and met everybody here.
【Kohane】They were all serious about singing and pursuing their dreams, which I thought was really cool...
【Kohane】That was also when I learned about RAD WEEKEND, the event they were all hoping to surpass someday...
【Kohane】And a lot happened after we decided to surpass RAD WEEKEND together.
【Kohane】We had our share of troubles, but also received help from so many others along the way...
【Kohane】But now, I feel proud of who I am. I have confidence as a singer.
【Kohane】My teammates, friends and this city have given me so much. And I'll cherish it all forever.
【Kohane】I'm so glad that I found this city and decided to start singing. Which is why...
【Kohane】We're going to surpass RAD WEEKEND.
【Kohane】For all those who've given us so much, and most of all, for myself...
【Kohane】I'll make sure we surpass it!
【Kohane】H-How did I do...?
【Kohane】I did really well...? Hehe. Thanks, you guys!
[Sound] bgm00000
