【MEIKO — To Be More And More Supportive〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: To Be More And More Supportive（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: At The End of The Unraveled Thread
scenarioId: 025023_meiko02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Miku】Welcome back from your iHaz shoot, girls♪
【MEIKO】So, how'd it go?
【Haruka】It went really well. They went off-script a few times, but we managed somehow.
【Airi】Yeah, Shizuku especially.
【Minori】Yeah! She was so amazing!
【Shizuku】Thank you all very much. But I think you did a wonderful job answering their questions considering it was your first time on TV, Minori.
【Haruka】I agree. You responded well while using your own words.
【Minori】Hehe. It was all thanks to MEIKO practicing with me.
【Rin】Wait, you two practiced together?
【MEIKO】Yes, a little bit.
【Minori】No, way more than that! We practiced over and over until I got it right...!
【Minori】So, MEIKO, thank you very much!
【MEIKO】Hehe. You're very welcome♪ I'm glad I could be of service.
【Minori】That just leaves me learning how to answer and deal with questions that aren't in the script...
【MEIKO】Oh yeah, you mentioned that you went off-script a few times.
【KAITO】Actually I'm interested in hearing more about how your shoot went. Would you mind telling us?
【Shizuku】No, not at all.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Len】We'll be looking forward to when it airs!
【Luka】Promise to show us when it does, okay♪
[Sound] se00053
【Minori】I was asked some questions that weren't in the script and I sort of panicked.
【Minori】I tried coming up with a bunch that I thought I was gonna be asked, but none of them actually came up...
【Haruka】We were just as surprised as you. I really don't think there was much you could do about that.
【Minori】I came up with some questions that aren't in the script that I think they're going to ask us! Would you mind taking a look at them?
【Minori】Also, I'd love to hear any that you come up with that you think I missed!
【MEIKO】(Even after Minori came to ask for my help...)
【MEIKO】(Would I have been able to give her better advice if I had a better understanding of “raw interactions” or how idols and such are presented on TV...?)
【MEIKO】(Oh, speaking of which...we...)
【KAITO】Hm? MEIKO...? You seem concerned about something.
【MEIKO】Yes, there is something on my mind...
【MEIKO】Say, would you all mind listening for a second?
【Rin】Sure, but...
【Miku】What's wrong, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】I just realized something...
【MEIKO】We primarily focus only on doing shows, yes?
【Len】Um, yeah... I mean, we have all these stages to work with...
【MEIKO】Exactly.
【MEIKO】Some parts do resemble what you might see in a TV studio, but we have hardly any experience doing shoots and such.
【MEIKO】Which probably isn't a good thing if we're going to support the girls moving forward, no?
【Miku】Oh...
【Miku】She's right. They might be asked to appear on TV more and more in the future.
【MEIKO】Also, they managed to figure out a way this time, but it sounded like they still struggled.
【Len】Right...
【Luka】Hehe. So you're saying that we should find a way to become more familiar with the world of TV, right♪
【MEIKO】Exactly!
【MEIKO】I have a rough idea of what music programs that involve live performances are like, but there's more than just that, right?
【KAITO】Yes. Travel programs, variety shows and such... We don't normally get exposed to them, but there is a chance that Minori and the others will.
【Rin】Then, why don't we go on a trip? We can even try some delicious food and give reviews about them♪
【Miku】Hehe. SEKAI's a very big and expansive place, so there may be stages that we haven't discovered yet.
【Luka】Giving food reviews also sounds fun. I'm very much looking forward to doing that♪
【MEIKO】(The girls have set their sights very, very high.)
【MEIKO】(Which is why I'd like to give them all the support I can. So that they can achieve their goal.)
[Sound] bgm00000
