【Tenma Saki — Leo/need〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: Leo/need（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 002002_saki01

[Background Change] bg_a001001
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Saki】Uh... I'm kind of hungry.
【Ichika】Me too. Want to go grab a bite?
【Saki】Sure!
【Ichika】What are you in the mood for?
【Saki】I don't know, lots of things... What's that?
【Saki】Is that a new restaurant?
【Ichika】Where?
【Saki】That one! See the signboard? Huh, it says it's a specialty rice porridge restaurant?
【Saki】Um... Rice porridge, huh...
【Ichika】Oh yeah, it was trendy for a while. They marketed it as a healthy food that's easy on the stomach.
【Ichika】I guess it's still popular if a restaurant with nothing but rice porridge on the menu can stay in business.
【Saki】That's one trend I could never get behind.
【Ichika】Right, you don't like rice porridge. You were complaining about it every time I went to see you in the hospital.
【Saki】Yeah. I liked the other hospital meals, though.
【Saki】It's just rice porridge that I hate, hate, hate! Every time I had it, it had zero flavor, and it was like eating slime!
【Saki】I'm never having it again.
【Ichika】What about when you're sick?
【Saki】I ask my parents to make me udon noodles instead.
【Ichika】That's a good alternative. Udon's easy to digest too.
【Saki】Right? So there's no reason to force dreadful rice porridge on sick people!
【Saki】Which reminds me... Check this out!
【Ichika】That's the website of the hospital you were in?
【Saki】Yeah, but see this? We've improved our hospital menu.
【Ichika】I see. So it changed since you were there?
【Saki】Uh-huh. Just look at the pictures, the food actually looks tasty.
【Saki】Even the rice porridge! You can still make out the grains of rice, and they even put slices of sweet potato in it!
【Ichika】Yeah, it's not boiled down into mush.
【Saki】They finally learned to cook it right!
【Saki】Why couldn't they have made it this way when I was in the hospital?
【Ichika】If they did, maybe you wouldn't have this aversion now.
【Saki】I think so too! It looks so good, I might even be persuaded to try a spoonful.
【Saki】Anyway, I'm done with hospital meals.
【Saki】Now I want to stuff my face with foods I couldn't eat back then!
【Ichika】Hehe, let's feed you some real food.
【Saki】Yes, please!
【Ichika】But don't overeat just because you can now. I don't want to have to roll you out of the restaurant.
【Saki】Yikes, reaching perfect roundness is not in my plans!
【Saki】Buuut, you burn more calories when you exercise, right?
【Saki】So as long as I do lots of sports at school, I can stuff myself with lots of tasty foods and still be super fit!
【Ichika】I guess so, but make sure you know your limits with both of those things...
【Ichika】You've been buying lots of snacks and candy lately. Might want to cut down on that.
【Saki】Hey, cut me some slack! I had to make do without them for so long!
【Ichika】You said you wanted to be super fit, though?
【Saki】Oh come on, you're being mean to me today!
【Ichika】Hehe, just teasing you.
【Ichika】Anyway, where do you want to go?
【Saki】Hmm, how about that cafe!
[Sound] bgm00000
