【Shiraishi An — Once In A While〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Shiraishi An
Card: Once In A While（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: On Your Feet
scenarioId: 010026_an02

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
[Sound] se00006_b
【MEIKO】Welcome, everyone.
【Miku】Are you practicing here again today?
【An】Yeah, since my dad isn't supposed to start joining us for a little bit.
【Rin】Is he still cleaning and packing everything up?
【An】There's that, but also something else.
【Akito】He needs time to come up with what we should do when we practice and all that.
【Kohane】Yeah. He even said that...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_c000101
【An's Father】I'm going to take this opportunity to teach you all everything I can.
【An's Father】In other words, I'm betting on you using all that I have at my disposal.
【An's Father】However, you're going to have to fully commit yourselves to singing and staying in shape. I'll be running you all ragged until you can't stand any longer, every single day.
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【Rin】Y-You're not gonna be able to stand?!
【An】He didn't mean that literally. He was just making a point.
【Rin】U-Uh, right! Still, what's he gonna have you guys do...?
【Akito】He mentioned physical fitness, so I'm guessing he's gonna have us run and stuff...
【Kohane】Run...? That's a little worrying for me since I don't have as much stamina as the rest of you guys.
【Toya】I'm worried as well... It may be good for us to do some conditioning before we start practicing with Ken.
【Rin】Then, we can have another footrace! I promise to give it everything I have again!
【Miku】Everything you have...? Didn't you only cheer last time?
【Rin】Cheering's important, right?!
【An】Yeah, you and Len both did a ton of cheering for us that time.
【Kohane】I'd really like to have that again since I'm not sure if I'd be able to finish the course all on my own.
【Rin】See what I mean?!
【Miku】Strength training may also be included in what he said.
【An】Yikes... Strength training...
【MEIKO】Hm? Is that not really your thing, An?
【An】I mean, I don't hate it or anything...
【An】But it's so boring to do the same thing over and over again, you know?
【MEIKO】Ah, I see...
【Akito】That's your reasoning...?
【Kohane】*Whimper* I feel even less sure about strength training than I do about running...
【Kohane】An, let's try to do our best together if your dad makes us do that.
【An】I don't feel great about it, but if it means us becoming better singers... Let's do our best together, Kohane!
【Rin】Then, what about singing practice? Did An's dad say anything about that?
【Toya】No, he hasn't given us any details regarding that.
【Miku】Your dad's watched you sing a number of times before, right, An? Can you make any guesses based on that?
【An】Hmm... He taught me how to sing when I was really little, so... I remember him talking about maintaining a good posture and how to project my voice.
【Miku】Okay, so the basics.
【MEIKO】Hehe. Practicing the basics is incredibly important. A good foundation can greatly affect how you adapt to specific situations.
【An】Well, we've all made the commitment to deal with whatever he throws at us!
【An】There's gonna be some growing pains, but we just gotta do our best and keep each other's spirits up!
【Kohane & Toya】Yeah! Yes.
【Akito】Then... What if he asks us to do three sets of a hundred squats?
【Akito】Just squatting down and standing back up for who knows how long.
【An】Oof... I don't know how long I'll be able to handle the silence...
【An】Um... Can we chat or listen to music while we do it?
【Toya】You're more concerned about that? I thought you'd be worrying more about completing such a grueling workout.
【Miku】Hehe. Oh, An.
【An】Haha.
[Sound] bgm00000
