【Hanasato Minori — Brand New Style〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hanasato Minori
Card: Brand New Style（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 005026_minori02

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D
【Minori】Hmm... What should I do...?
【Haruka】What's wrong, Minori? Is something bothering you?
【Minori】Oh, Haruka, hi!
【Minori】I was just thinking about which committee to join since we have to choose tomorrow during homeroom...
【Haruka】Are you not sure which you'd like to join?
【Minori】No, I've already made my decision! I'm gonna stay with the animal caretaker committee!
【Minori】But we've been so busy lately that I'm not sure if I'll be at school enough for it...
【Minori】So, I'm wondering if it's okay for me to stay.
【Haruka】Ah, I see...
【Minori】Shizuku was on the cleanup committee last year and said it was fine for credit-based students to join...
【Minori】We rotate duties for the animal caretaker committee, so I'd feel awful for the animals if I suddenly can't make it because of work!
【Minori】I'd just end up causing the other committee members a lot of trouble...
【Haruka】Right.
【Haruka】But I actually think you'll be just fine.
【Minori】Huh? What makes you say that?
【Haruka】I remember Shizuku mentioning this a while ago, but since it's hard for credit-based students to be present each time, they're usually scheduled in less for the rotations.
【Haruka】As a result, in the event that credit-based members are unable to make it, the committee makes sure that there's always a regular member available to fill in as a substitute. So, I wouldn't worry too much.
【Minori】...! I didn't realize they had that sort of system in place...!
【Haruka】That's why I think you should stay on the animal caretaker committee if you really want to, Minori.
【Haruka】You'll have to figure out a way to juggle that with work, but if the committee is okay to accommodate for you, I'd say there is no reason for you to quit.
【Haruka】Plus, I value these committees a lot since they seem like an integral part of school life.
【Minori】Yeah...
【Minori】Come to think of it, Haruka, you were credit-based in junior high, right? Were you on any committees back then...?
【Haruka】Nope. I avoided joining any for the exact reasons you just mentioned.
【Haruka】Which I really began to regret after talking to Shizuku. I wish I were on some back then.
【Minori】I see...
【Haruka】So, to reiterate, I think you should stay with the animal caretaker committee if that's what you want to do.
【Haruka】As for me, if possible, I'd like to be on the planning committee for the school or sports festivals.
【Minori】Oh, festival planning...!
【Minori】I think that really suits you, Haruka, since you know how to get everyone into a festive mood!
【Haruka】Hehe. Pun intended?
【Haruka】Still, it's really hard to say if we're going to be free for either of those things. So, again, if I get the chance...
【Minori】Right...
【Minori】I really hope so! I also wanna be there for those this year!
【Haruka】Hehe. We'd really need to count our lucky stars if we managed to be there for both.
【Minori】*Nod* But I'm really glad I asked you about this, Haruka.
【Minori】I've made my decision! I'm gonna stay on the animal caretaker committee!
【Haruka】*Nod* Do your best.
【Haruka】Actually, Minori, why is it that you want to stay with the animal caretaker committee so much? Any particular reason?
【Minori】Hmm... It's not like I have any reason in particular...
【Minori】But I sorta don't want to say goodbye to all the animals I took care of last year...
【Minori】They all seem to like being around me, and they even started responding by hopping towards me whenever I called their names.
【Haruka】Oh, that's really cute.
【Minori】Okay, to be fair, that pretty much only happens when I'm carrying around their food...
【Minori】But they're so unbelievably cute! They'll hop onto my lap sometimes...
【Minori】Which usually ends with my uniform getting all dirty, but that always puts a huge smile on my face♪
【Haruka】Hehe. I think you're just the person the animal caretaker committee needs.
【Minori】Wait, really?! If you're willing to say that, Haruka, that means I'll need to contribute more and more!
【Minori】So, I'm gonna do my best! Also...
【Minori】I'm gonna become the committee's number-one caretaker! The one that the animals love the most!
【Haruka】Their number-one caretaker...?
【Haruka】No, actually, that goal does suit you.
[Sound] bgm00000
