【MEIKO — Card Story】

Character: MEIKO
Episodes: 90

[Background Change] bg_g000201
[Caption] VIRTUAL SINGER Stage
【MEIKO】Hey, everyone, how's the show so far?
[Sound] se00039
【MEIKO】Well, I hope you'll enjoy the rest of the show too!
【MEIKO】As for now, I will sing my next song!
【MEIKO】——♪ ——♪
[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【An】Hey, look at that!
【An】Is that TV over there playing the video you were showing me the other day?
【Kohane】Oh, you're right. They may be showing MEIKO's live performance.
[Background Change] bg_g000201
【MEIKO】Yes, that felt pretty good! Let's keep this momentum going for the next song too!
【MEIKO】——♪ ——♪
[Background Change] bg_a002301
【Kohane】MEIKO is so cool.
【An】Her red outfit is really nice, too. Feels like something a truly mature woman would wear.
【Kohane】Yes. I've never worn leather clothing like that before...
【An】Well, I have one or two, but...
【An】It's not easy to pull off that sort of look successfully.
[Background Change] bg_g000201
【MEIKO】You guys still want more, right?!
【MEIKO】——♪ ——♪
[Background Change] bg_a002301
【Kohane】Her singing really draws you in...
【An】Yeah!
【An】Hm... Maybe we'll become like that too in another ten years?
【Kohane】Huh? I think you could definitely become like that, but not me...
【An】Why not? You never know, right? Maybe you'll be even more like her than me.
【Kohane】You think so?
【Kohane】I think I would really rather have an older sister like her instead of becoming like that myself.
【An】You would?
【An】Hm, that's true. A cool-looking and dependable older sister would rock! Someone who comes wake me up every morning...
【Kohane】Um, wake you up?
【An】Yes! With a calm and gentle voice like...
【An】Hey, sunshine, it's already morning. Wakey-wakey.
【An】I'll wash up, and she already have breakfast ready for me at the living room!
【An】And then she says, Make sure to eat your lunch, and have a good day out there. Man, that'd be such a great start to my day...
【Kohane】Hehe. I'm surprised you like to be coddled like that.
【An】Huh? N-Not really. I was just thinking if it was MEIKO, she'd totally do something like that...
【An】I mean, she seems so reliable and patient, right?
【An】And, well, my mom isn't very good at cooking...
【An】Dad leaves early to get ready for the shop. I just think it'd be nice to have someone make a nice meal for me.
【Kohane】Hehehe...
【An】S-Stop laughing at me!
[Background Change] bg_g000201
【MEIKO】Come on, everyone, let's sing together! Clap your hands!
【MEIKO】Let's bring this house down!
[Sound] se00019
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Honami】Phew... The committee meeting went a bit over time today.
【Shizuku】Yes, we had a lot of things to discuss and decide on... Ah.
【Honami】The signal just turned red.
【Shizuku】Yes. But it's not like I have anything on later, so...
【???】Hey, look at that!
【???】Oh, you're right. They may be showing MEIKO's live performance.
【Shizuku】Hm?
【Shizuku】Everyone's looking at that large TV there.
【Honami】Oh, that's a video of the VIRTUAL SINGER event, isn't it?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000201
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] VIRTUAL SINGER Stage
【MEIKO】——♪ ——♪
【MEIKO】——♪ ——♪
[Background Change] bg_a002301
【Honami】My classmates were talking about it too because the video will only be available for a limited time.
【Shizuku】That reminds me... Shii may have been watching a video of Megurine Luka the other day too...
【Honami】It's probably from the same event. They've been putting up digest videos of each of the VIRTUAL SINGERS who were a part of the event.
【???】I think I would really rather have an older sister like her instead of becoming like that myself.
【???】Hm, that's true. A cool-looking and dependable older sister would rock! Someone who comes wake me up every morning...
【Shizuku】Hm...
【Shizuku】A dependable older sister...
【Shizuku】MEIKO is the one singing right now, right?
【Honami】Yes, that's right.
【Shizuku】She's so elegant and cool... How wonderful.
【???】Hehe. I'm surprised you like to be coddled like that.
【???】Huh? N-Not really. I was just thinking if it was MEIKO, she'd totally do something like that...
【???】I mean, she seems so reliable and patient, right?
【Shizuku】...
[Background Change] bg_g000201
【MEIKO】Alright! I think I'm ready to start the next song.
【MEIKO】Are you guys ready too?
[Sound] se00039
【MEIKO】Good! That's what I wanted to hear!
【MEIKO】Let the next song begin!
[Background Change] bg_a002301
【Shizuku】MEIKO is really so cool.
【Honami】Huh?
【Shizuku】She has such a beautiful form when she sings. It's like she has no doubts at all.
【Shizuku】And even though she's a VIRTUAL SINGER, I can feel so much confidence in her every move.
【Shizuku】If I was more like that, maybe Shii would allow herself to depend on me more?
【Honami】I'm...not sure about that...
【Honami】Do you want her to depend on you?
【Shizuku】Of course I do! Then I would be able to hug her tightly whenever I wanted...
【Shizuku】Sigh... Is there any way for me to become MEIKO for a day, like one of those boss-for-a-day shows?
【Shizuku】If that makes me more like a dependable older sister, then Shii will definitely...
【Honami】Uh... I really don't think...
【Shizuku】Hehe. It doesn't just have to be Shii. Feel free to depend on me as well, Honami.
【Honami】Huh?
【Honami】Hehe. Thank you.
【Honami】(Older sister, huh...)
[Background Change] bg_g000201
【MEIKO】Everyone, thank you for making so much noise for me! You're the reason why I sang so well!
【MEIKO】Enjoy the rest of the show!
[Sound] se00019
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
[Sound] se00006
【Akito】Hi. Is Len around?
【MEIKO】Hello, Akito, Toya. Len hasn't shown up, yet.
【MEIKO】You wanted to talk to him?
【Toya】He said he'd DJ for us here today.
【MEIKO】In that case he should be here any moment. Take a seat and I'll make you coffee.
【Toya】Thank you, MEIKO. Akito, let's sit by the window.
【Akito】Again? That must be your favorite table.
【Toya】It gives me the best view of the cafe.
【Akito】So that's why. I like the ambiance, too. Reminds me of Weekend Garage.
【MEIKO】That's probably because you guys share an attachment to that place.
【MEIKO】Here's your coffee.
【Akito】Thanks.
【MEIKO】Did you notice the RAD WEEKEND flyer outside?
【Akito】I didn't until now!
【MEIKO】That's there as a reminder of your wish to surpass it.
【Toya】Our feelings and ambitions manifest in a variety of ways throughout this world, I suppose.
【Akito】It feels so eerie, though, that a weird place like this exists, and that we can just chill here sipping coffee.
【Toya】You think it's weird?
【Akito】Well, if this isn't weird then I don't know what is.
【Akito】Like, where even are we, exactly? How come we get teleported here by playing a song on a phone?
【Toya】It's a world created by our feelings, so the song which encompasses them is our link to it.
【Akito】I know that, but that's not the point.
【Toya】Well, I don't know any more about it than you do...
【Toya】But I just accept that it is what it is.
【Akito】You just accept it?
【Toya】It's not that I haven't wondered about it too.
【Akito】Really? Because despite always looking so serious and diligent, you've got that weird tendency to totally ignore anything that might be a pain...
【Toya】How to explain it... To me, the inner workings of this world don't really matter.
【Toya】It's a SEKAI created from our feelings. I like it here. And to me, that's enough.
【Akito】Okay, but it keeps bugging the heck out of me.
【MEIKO】Sorry to interrupt your lively chat. More coffee?
【Akito】Yes, please. Toya, aren't you into crime novels?
【Akito】Isn't part of the fun of reading those trying to figure out who's got an alibi, what the murder weapon was, and the like? So why aren't you curious about this world?
【Toya】In those stories, there's usually some crafty trick involved, but I don't think that's the case here.
【Akito】How can you be so sure?
【MEIKO】Hehe...
【Toya】Are you laughing at us?
【MEIKO】Of course! You two are just like Rin and Len!
【Akito】Really?
【Akito】I don't know if that's something to be proud about or insulted by...
【MEIKO】I don't see anything wrong with it.
【MEIKO】Sometimes Rin and Len have wild fights, but they respect each other despite that.
【MEIKO】Each insists it's them that's right, so it's hard work getting them to apologize and make up...
【MEIKO】But I think they're only able to argue their points so passionately because they trust each.
【Toya】I suppose trust plays into this.
【Toya】But it takes more than trust to be able to defend your opinion even if you know it will upset your friend.
【MEIKO】You think so?
【Toya】Fighting with your friends doesn't feel good. It hurts to feel misunderstood by them.
【Toya】That's why I think the setting matters, too. It needs to be somewhere you feel comfortable and safe, otherwise the stress of the situation would be too much.
【Toya】A place like this cafe, or like Weekend Garage, gives you the reassurance you need for that.
【MEIKO】Hehe. Thanks, Toya. I am happy to hear that as the owner of this cafe.
【Akito】Yeah, true.
【Akito】Maybe it's not just this cafe, but this entire place that offers a safe and accepting environment to us.
【MEIKO】I don't see why not! SEKAI exists for you to be yourselves and breathe easy.
【MEIKO】So take advantage of that and keep dropping in for my coffee!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【MEIKO】You brought me cookies?
【An】That's right. It's to say thank you for all you've been doing for us.
【MEIKO】Thanks. They smell delicious.
【Kohane】I knew you could brew amazing tea and coffee at your dad's cafe, but I had no idea you could bake, too.
【An】I thought cookies would be a nice freebie to serve along with the hot drinks, so I learned to make them!
【Kohane】Wow, that's amazing dedication!
【An】You know they're actually super easy to make? You can definitely make them too.
【Kohane】I wouldn't be so sure...
【MEIKO】Why don't we share them?
【MEIKO】They'll taste even better with some black tea. Wait a couple minutes and I'll make some.
【Kohane & An】Thank you!
【MEIKO】And here's the tea, as promised.
【Kohane】Oh, thank you.
【An】Nice!
【An】Mmm, you make excellent tea, MEIKO.
【Kohane】Yeah, it makes me feel calm and happy.
【MEIKO】Hehe, then I did a good job!
【An】My dad serves tea very quickly, but I like how you take your time making it just right.
【Kohane】You warm up the teacups, and check the water temperature before pouring it over the leaves...
【An】You rarely see anyone take so much care to bring out the full flavor of the tea leaves.
【MEIKO】It's nice to feel appreciated! I've been doing it this way for so long, it's now second nature to me.
【An】I know what you mean. You master a skill and then it becomes sort of like muscle memory.
【Kohane】You make it sound so easy, but I couldn't do any of that, so it's very impressive to me.
【An】You've got impressive skills of your own, like photography. I wouldn't know what to do with a fancy camera.
【Kohane】My pictures aren't that good... I'm just an amateur.
【Kohane】You make your customers happy, but I take photos just for myself.
【An】Does it really matter?
【Kohane】It does. Also, you're great at sports, and you do fine at school in general...
【MEIKO】But, Kohane, didn't you recently discover another great skill you have?
【Kohane】Did I? What do you mean?
【An】Oh, of course! You're great at singing!
【An】We sang together in front of so many people, and they all loved it!
【Kohane】R-Right, I forgot about that!
【MEIKO】See? You've got lots to be proud of too.
【Kohane】Well, maybe not lots, but at least something.
【MEIKO】We all have our talents, and I'm sure we'll keep discovering more and more.
【An】Yeah! I'm sure you've got bucketloads of potential lying dormant within you, Kohane!
【Kohane】Oh, stop it, you two. But thanks, hehe.
【An】You know, you can acquire a brand new skill right away. I'll teach you how to bake cookies!
【Kohane】Thanks, An!
【An】In return, you help me study for exams... How about that, eh?
【Kohane】Of course, I don't mind helping you at all!
【MEIKO】Hehe. The sky will be the limit if you two work together.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【MEIKO】Humhum♪
[Sound] se00006
【Miku】You look like you're having fun, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Oh, hello, Miku. Welcome to the cafe.
【MEIKO】I don't remember asking for any help today, so are you here as a customer?
【Miku】That's right. But you're in the midst of something, right? Anything I can do to help?
【MEIKO】You want to help? That'd be great.
【Miku】So... What're you doing, anyway?
【MEIKO】I'm sorting out the coffee beans while there's still no one in the cafe.
【Miku】Why?
【MEIKO】There will always be a few beans that are not in the best of conditions when you buy them from a shop.
【MEIKO】Keeping these damaged beans will affect the taste of the coffee that you brew.
【Miku】Wow, you really know a lot.
【MEIKO】It was written on the label of the bag of beans I bought. Wasn't it nice of them to warn us?
【Miku】Oh, you just read what was on the label...
【Miku】How do you pick out the damaged beans, though?
【MEIKO】You spread the beans out like this and split them up into usable and unusable beans.
【Miku】But there are so many beans!
【MEIKO】It's not as hard as it looks. For example, see this whitish bean here? That's not usable. Easy to spot, right?
【Miku】You're right. The color's completely different.
【MEIKO】See? And then there's the opposite—overly dark beans.
【Miku】That's not usable too... It's really quite easy to tell if you look closely enough.
【MEIKO】Hehe. So, can you help me with this?
【Miku】Alright...
【MEIKO】Let's see... Can you pick out the white beans and beans that are of a different size than usual?
【Miku】Yeah, I can do that.
【MEIKO】Thank you. Let's make delicious coffee together!
【Miku】...
【MEIKO】...
【Miku】...
【MEIKO】...
【Miku】MEIKO...
【MEIKO】Mhm?
【Miku】This is really boring work, huh?
【MEIKO】Hehe, you could say that again.
【MEIKO】But there's a big difference between the coffee brewed from before and after doing this.
【Miku】Is it really that big?
【MEIKO】Yes. And don't you want these unroasted beans to become a delicious pot of coffee? Especially since it would only take a little effort on your part?
【MEIKO】I would rather have something more delicious than not if I can help it.
【Miku】You too?
【MEIKO】Yes, of course.
【MEIKO】I also make coffee for myself, you know. Not just for customers.
【MEIKO】I use my own personal special blend.
【Miku】Hey, that's not fair.
【MEIKO】Hehehe, that's the perk of being a cafe owner, right? At least let me have that.
【Miku】Well... As long as the coffee you serve to customers always tastes good, I guess that's fine.
【MEIKO】You're so sweet. I'll treat you to my special blend later, to thank you for helping out!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【An】Sigh... I can't get over how good MEIKO's coffee is...
【Miku】She puts in a lot of time and effort is why.
【Kohane】Yes, that's true. She's always so careful when brewing the coffee...
【Kohane】Thank you so much, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】It's not that hard. I'm just happy to hear that everyone's enjoying the brew.
【MEIKO】By the way, I just wanted to know. When you think of sandwiches, what filling immediately comes to mind?
【An】Hm? Well...
【Kohane】Sandwich filling?
【Miku】Why do you want to know, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Hehe, sorry for the abrupt shift. I was actually thinking of adding more items to the cafe menu, you see.
【MEIKO】And sandwiches are the first on my list, so I wanted to know what everyone thinks is the best choice.
【An】How about egg sandwiches? There's no need for much preparation so you can serve them quickly.
【MEIKO】Oh, you don't have to take that into consideration. As you can see, we have a lot of free time in this cafe.
【Kohane】In that case, I think BLT sandwiches might be nice. Bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, and...
【An】Y-Yeah, BLT's usually the first one most people would think of. I don't really like it myself, though.
【Kohane】Oh, I remember now. You don't like tomatoes, right?
【An】Ugh... S-Something like that...
【Kohane】A sandwich with no tomatoes... Maybe a fruit sandwich?
【An】Right, there's that too. But since this'll be the first new addition, maybe something more mainstream like cutlet sandwiches will be better received?
【Miku】I didn't even know there were so many different types. You two sure know your sandwiches.
【Kohane】D-Do we? I was just suggesting sandwiches that I personally liked, that's all...
【An】Besides, sandwiches are easy to make because you can just put your favorite foods in between!
【Miku】Oh, okay.
【An】Oh no! Kohane, we need to go now!
【Kohane】Huh? Oh...you're right!
【MEIKO】You have a performance?
【An】Yup! We're gonna go sing our hearts out!
【Kohane】Thank you for the coffee, MEIKO. Let's talk again at another time, Miku.
【Miku】Yeah. I'll be waiting for you.
【MEIKO】Thanks for your suggestions too. I'll take them all into consideration.
【An】Okay! Can't wait to see the new menu!
【MEIKO】It's nice to know they're so excited to perform.
【Miku】Yup.
【Miku】MEIKO, what made you want to add more items to the menu anyway?
【MEIKO】Well, the four of them found their true feelings, right?
【Miku】Of wanting to hold the ultimate event, right?
【MEIKO】Yes. And from now on, they'll be striving to make those feelings become reality.
【MEIKO】But it won't be easy for them to reach their dream. There will be a lot of obstacles along the way.
【MEIKO】I want this SEKAI to be a place where they can feel warmly welcomed. If they ever feel down, we'll fill their tummies up and give them strength to try harder again!
【MEIKO】That's what made me come up with the idea.
【Miku】I see. Sounds like something you'd come up with indeed.
【MEIKO】Hehe. You think so?
【Miku】I'll help you with that new sandwich menu.
【MEIKO】Really? That'll be great. Thank you, Miku!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【MEIKO】What to use for today's special blend...? Ah, let's go with this.
【MEIKO】And then I need to... Oh?
[Sound] se00006
【An】Hello, MEIKO!
【Kohane】Um... Is this a bad time?
【MEIKO】An, Kohane, welcome!
【MEIKO】Sorry, but I'm not quite ready to open yet. Please, take a seat. It won't be too long.
【Kohane】Oh, actually... We're not here as customers today.
【MEIKO】Huh?
【Kohane】You've already done so much for us, MEIKO, so we've been trying to come up with some way to pay you back.
【Kohane】So would it be okay if we helped out with the cafe?
【An】We really want to help as long as you're okay with it and don't think we'll be too much of a bother.
【MEIKO】Hehe, so that's why you came so early! Okay. In that case, you could help me get ready to open.
【Kohane】Yes, of course! Thank you!
【An】No problem, MEIKO! Just tell us what needs to be done.
【MEIKO】The tables need to be wiped, the floor mopped... Oh, and we also need to get the cups and saucers ready...
【Kohane】The cups and saucers?
【MEIKO】Yes. I change them out from time to time.
【Kohane】Oh, I see! I didn't know!
【An】Looks like that caught your interest, so I'll do the tables and floors then, okay?
【Kohane】Really? Thanks, An!
【An】No problem. MEIKO, can I borrow that cleaning cloth?
【MEIKO】Be my guest.
【Kohane】Excuse me, MEIKO. Which cups and saucers should I get out?
【MEIKO】Hehe. Pick any design you like, Kohane. There are six of each, and make sure to give them a wipe with a clean cloth.
【Kohane】Okay! Hmm... Oh, wow. These antique ones are so cool!
【Kohane】Okay, so now I just need to wipe them...
【Kohane】MEIKO, like this?
【MEIKO】Yes, just like that. You're doing great.
【An】MEIKO, I'm done wiping the tables. Where can I find a mop for the floor?
【MEIKO】Oh, it's at the back, over there.
【An】Got it!
【MEIKO】(Hehe. Their differences in personality really show through here.)
【MEIKO】(Kohane's very careful and precise. An's independent and full of initiative.)
【MEIKO】(It also makes a big difference that An's used to working at a cafe like this.)
【Kohane】Phew... I finally finished cleaning one set.
【MEIKO】Hehe. There's no rush, so you can go at your own pace.
【Kohane】Thanks, but seeing the way An works makes me want to do better too.
【MEIKO】Oh? Why's that?
【Kohane】Because I'm her partner.
【Kohane】I owe her for getting me into singing and encouraging me to be braver.
【Kohane】She has this dream that she's chasing relentlessly, to surpass RAD WEEKEND.
【Kohane】She's amazing in so many ways that I'm not.
【Kohane】But at the very least, I want her to be proud that I'm her partner.
【MEIKO】Hehe. You like her a lot, don't you?
【Kohane】Yes!
【MEIKO】(Amazing in ways that she isn't, huh...)
【MEIKO】Thank you and good job! It was a breeze with your help!
【MEIKO】You've earned yourself a little treat. Here's a cup of today's special blend coffee for each of you.
【An】Oh, really? Are you sure?
【Kohane】Thank you, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】You're very welcome! Please, sit down and relax.
【Kohane & An】Okay!
【An】Hey, Kohane. When I went to get the mop, I overheard you telling MEIKO that you like me a lot?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Kohane】Oh, you heard that...
[Sound] bgm00006
【An】Hehe. I love you too!
[Sound] se00121
【Kohane】Wah...! Hey, that tickles...!
【MEIKO】Hehe.
【MEIKO】(Right now Kohane's learning a lot from An...)
【MEIKO】(But one day An may find out that Kohane has her own unique strengths that she can draw from...)
【MEIKO】(These two, together with Akito and Toya, are shaping up to be a team with a huge amount of potential...)
【MEIKO】I can't take my eyes off of you guys at all...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
[Sound] se00006
【MEIKO】Miku! Come on in.
【Miku】Hi. Am I your only customer?
【MEIKO】For now, but I think Kohane and her friends are coming soon.
【MEIKO】They've been practicing quite a bit for their next event, recently. They really want to give it everything they have.
【MEIKO】I got a little worried too when Kohane looked so glum the other day...
【MEIKO】But it seems like Kohane and An got things sorted out.
【Miku】Yeah.
【MEIKO】Wait, you already know about this?
【Miku】Kind of... I knew she came here for advice.
【Miku】I guessed from her expression that something was on her mind.
【MEIKO】Oh, then you could have talked to her.
【Miku】No, you two were already in the middle of a discussion and I didn't want to interrupt.
【Miku】Besides, Kohane managed to find her own way to deal with her problems before.
【Miku】Plus, An's a determined and resourceful girl. I was sure she'd be fine without me too.
【Miku】And they had you to lean on if they really needed anything.
【MEIKO】Hehe. It turned out just as you expected then.
【MEIKO】I listened to their troubles, but I didn't tell them exactly what to do.
【MEIKO】They solved their problem by facing it together without my help.
【Miku】That's great!
【Miku】But I was surprised that Kohane and An would sort of fall out like that.
【MEIKO】They do get along very well, but don't forget that they haven't known each other for very long.
【MEIKO】They're still in the process of finding out what each other's like and learning to understand one another.
【MEIKO】I think that this little stumble was a necessary step on their way to becoming closer friends.
【Miku】You're right. They struck me as such an amazing team, so I assumed that they'd always be in tune...
【Miku】But they may still run into some rough patches...
【MEIKO】Yes, and they may end up hurting each other's feelings...
【MEIKO】Even when you're friends with someone, you may sometimes offend them without meaning to or be disappointed by something they did...
【Miku】But you don't seem particularly worried?
【MEIKO】I'm not. Those are just some possibilities. I enjoy sitting back and watching how the future unfolds.
【Miku】I see.
【MEIKO】Besides, they've discovered the joy of singing together as Vivid BAD SQUAD.
【MEIKO】Whatever happens, I don't think they'll be willing to give that up.
【MEIKO】Another reason they won't let minor hiccups like that get in their way is that they have this goal of surpassing the legendary RAD WEEKEND.
【Miku】Yes. They've already discovered their true feelings too.
【Miku】Their SEKAI song will keep reminding them of their shared vision.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I'm excited to see just how much they manage to achieve.
【Miku】I believe that they will fulfill their dream. I want to see them do it.
【MEIKO】I do too.
[Sound] se00025
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】Oh, and they've just arrived in SEKAI.
[Sound] bgm00035
【Miku】I'll go out and say hi.
【MEIKO】Okay. Have fun.
【MEIKO】I'll brew up some special tea and coffee for when they get here.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【KAITO】Miku, Len, do you have a moment?
【KAITO】I have something important to tell you before we begin rehearsing for our Christmas show.
【Len】Sure. What's up?
【KAITO】Our troupe is about to get a new member.
【Miku & Len】Whaaat?!
【KAITO】She's very excited to join us, so let's not keep her waiting.
【MEIKO】Hello, Miku and Len! I'm new to this, but I don't really need a special introduction or anything, do I?
【Len】It's MEIKO!
【Miku】Yay! You're super welcome!
【MEIKO】Haha. Thank you for the warm welcome♪ I'm happy to be joining you!
【Miku】Yeah! You came at the perfect time too! We're just getting ready for our Christmas show!
【Miku】Would you like to do it with us, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Of course! That's what I'm here for! I'll be happy to help in any way I can♪
【KAITO】Haha. With that much enthusiasm, we'll have plenty for you to do! Let's get started!
【Miku】Okay, someone needs to go get the plushies too!
【Len】Right! I'll go and get them!
[Sound] se00064
【MEIKO】Thanks, Len! Okay, I'm ready to roll up my sleeves and get down to it.
【KAITO】Alright. While we wait for the others, we could start thinking about how to decorate the stage.
【KAITO】We haven't decided anything yet, so any suggestions are welcome.
【MEIKO】Hmm... What would make it Christmas-y...?
【MEIKO】Oh, of course! Hey, KAITO! Are there any fir trees in this SEKAI?
【KAITO】Hmm... I can't tell you off the top of my head, but I'll check. What do you need them for?
【MEIKO】Well, this place has singing flowers, so I thought there might also be singing trees!
【MEIKO】And of course, fir trees are a central part of Christmas. I'm sure everyone would love to see a real Christmas tree!
【KAITO】Hehe, okay. I can picture everyone being overwhelmed by delight.
【MEIKO】Oh, here's another idea... We can pile a bunch of presents up high to make a Christmas tree too!
【MEIKO】Imagine how impressive it'd be if we made it like 100-meters tall!
【KAITO】What?! 100 meters?!
【MEIKO】Then, as the play reaches its climax, we can have plushies jump out of the presents! Pop, pop, pop! One by one♪
【MEIKO】What do you think? Wouldn't that be fun?
【KAITO】Haha! It'll be a lot of work, but yes, it sounds fantastic!
【MEIKO】Right?
【MEIKO】Oh, and Christmas lights! We'll need those too!
【MEIKO】Why don't we put up colorful lights all over this SEKAI? And on our costumes too! We'd literally be dazzling then!
【KAITO】Yes, that's also an excellent idea! Hahaha...
【MEIKO】Hm? What's so funny?
【KAITO】I just can't believe you only just got here and you're already coming up with so many terrific suggestions.
【MEIKO】Really? I'm just saying whatever I think is fun.
【MEIKO】Does any of it actually seem doable?
【KAITO】Well, I'm not sure about finding a singing tree, but we can go ahead with the present tower and Christmas lights.
【KAITO】I think they'll be great fun, but we'll need more hands to get everything done in time. Hopefully, the plushies can help us out too.
【MEIKO】But aren't they all really small? Won't it be too much work for them?
【KAITO】They've helped us out quite a bit already. They're more capable than you might think.
【MEIKO】I see. Just as I joined this troupe, they were saying that they want to help with stage lighting, other roles and whatnot so...
【MEIKO】I guess they'd feel left out if they weren't allowed to just because of their size.
【MEIKO】You think of everything, KAITO! No, wait. Mr. Troupe Leader!
【KAITO】Haha. Thank you, MEIKO.
【Len】Hey, I'm baaack! I brought the plushies!
【KAITO】Welcome back! But we're still waiting for Miku...
【MEIKO】How about we start setting up the stage while we wait for her? I suggested a few things to KAITO while you were away too!
【MEIKO】But they might end up being a lot of work, so I'd like to hear your opinions on whether or not we should go with them.
【Len】Sure. I'm game!
【MEIKO】Thanks, Len! First...!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【MEIKO】Alright. I think we're done tidying up.
【KAITO】Yes. And since we have no shows tomorrow, we can all take it easy for now... Hm?
[Sound] se00100
【Emu】MEIKO and KAITO! Hellooo!
【Tsukasa】Hey, Emu! Wait for us!
【MEIKO】Oh, it's you guys! Welcome!
【Tsukasa】We came by to let you know we've wrapped up our Christmas show and everything went as planned!
【MEIKO】That's great! Congratulations, guys!
【MEIKO】Hehe. You all have this look on your faces too. I'm guessing you did well in the contest?
【Tsukasa】We did! We have some work left to beat our rivals, but we plan on winning it all with our next show!
【MEIKO】Wow! That sounds really exciting!
【Emu】But do you know what's even more exciting♪
【MEIKO】Hmm... What could that be?
【Emu】Hehehe! Talking to you, MEIKO!
【Rui】We were so busy with the Christmas show, we only got to exchange greetings and never had a chance to actually talk to you.
【Nene】...
【MEIKO】Aww, you guys are sooo sweet! I was hoping we'd get a chance to talk too!
【KAITO】Well, your timing couldn't be better. We're done with shows for the day.
【MEIKO】Oh, that's right! In that case... How did you guys all spend Christmas?
【Tsukasa】Christmas Day...? I was with my family.
【Tsukasa】This year it was all of us together, including my sister, so it was more fun than usual!
【MEIKO】Oh, so you have a sister?
【Tsukasa】Yeah. She also got to spend Christmas Eve with her friends at a Christmas party like she's always wanted.
【Tsukasa】They exchanged presents and she has the ones she received decorating her room now.
【MEIKO】(Hehe, he's so happy for his sister! He must care about her quite a bit...!)
【MEIKO】And you, Nene?
【Nene】Huh, m-me? Um, I... I had cake with my family.
【Nene】After that, I stayed in my room to watch the stream for an online gaming tournament.
【Rui】I also spent Christmas cooped up in my room.
【Rui】The electronic components I asked Santa to bring me came right on time and I stayed up until morning assembling them.
【Tsukasa】Wait, what? Electronic components from Santa...?
【Nene】He just means he ordered them online, dummy.
【Rui】That's not untrue.
【KAITO】Haha. Christmas is just another day to you, isn't it, Rui?
【Emu】My turn! My turn! I had a cake party with the mascots!
【KAITO】With the mascots?
【Emu】The mascots that sometimes help with our shows at the Phoenix Wonderland's Wonder Stage!
【KAITO】In other words, you spent Christmas with friends!
【MEIKO】Hehe. Thanks for telling us! It's interesting how each of you enjoyed Christmas in a different way.
【MEIKO】And did Santa come and visit you all? Did you find gifts when you woke up?
【Nene】I used to find presents by my pillow when I was little, but my parents just give them to me directly now.
【Rui】It's the same for me.
【Tsukasa】Really? I always find them outside my door.
【MEIKO】To your room? That's interesting.
【Tsukasa】Apparently, I move a lot in my sleep, so they might get knocked over if they're left next to my pillow or something.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I see.
【Emu】My grandpa used to dress up as Santa to bring me presents!
【Emu】He's gone now...
【Emu】But I still get presents. The mascots bring me them in secret!
【Emu】They don't know that I figured out it's them, so please don't tell them! It's so much fun every year♪
【MEIKO】Aww, that's so nice of them.
【Emu】Hehehe, our mascots are the best☆
【Emu】Your turn, MEIKO! How did you spend Christmas?
【MEIKO】I was with all my friends here in SEKAI. The plushies joined us too and we decided to have a parade!
【KAITO】Haha, right! MEIKO came up with that idea and the plushies were suddenly all for it, so it turned into a big extravaganza.
【Emu】Wow, a parade! That's so awesome! I wish I could've been there!
【MEIKO】Maybe we'll do it again next year. If we do, you'll all be invited!
【Emu】YEEEAH! Did you hear that, Tsukasa?! Christmas with MEIKO! And we're gonna have a parade!!
【Tsukasa】I'm not deaf, Emu. Calm down! Isn't it too early to be planning for next year's Christmas? I mean, we just had...
【Rui】But that does pique my interest. SEKAI parades must be an extraordinary sight.
【Nene】I'd love to see one too. It must be so cute with all the plushies marching together.
【MEIKO】Hehe. Then I'll pencil in us in to celebrate Christmas together next year!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Ichika】Let's start with something simple. Honami, can you count us in.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Honami】Here we go! One, two, three, four!
[Sound] song00003_off_f
【MEIKO】(Good! They're all in sync. Their sound is getting much better too.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Shiho】Let's split up for individual practice now. Would you be okay with that, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Sure, of course.
【Saki】Alright! Time to work on that part that was bugging me...!
[Sound] se00023
【MEIKO】(Instruments really are wonderful things. It's a real delight to hear them play together.)
【MEIKO】(But it's also fun to listen to each of them individually as they practice on their own.)
【Honami】Um, MEIKO? Do you have a minute?
【MEIKO】How can I help, Honami?
【Honami】I can't seem to figure out a drumming technique I like...
【MEIKO】Really? You sounded perfectly fine to me.
【Honami】Um, do you remember that time when you played with Miku and Luka?
【Honami】That was when I realized how much of an effect the drummer has on a performance.
【Honami】Not only did you maintain a good tempo, you carried Miku and Luka through the entire way.
【Honami】And I never once saw you hesitate. You were so cool and collected... And I was wondering how I could be like you...
【MEIKO】Aww, you're making me blush.
【MEIKO】But the part about not hesitating isn't true at all.
【Honami】Huh?
【MEIKO】That may be because I try to resolve any worries I have during practice.
【MEIKO】Also, I have faith that Miku or Luka will be there for me if I do make any mistakes during a performance.
【MEIKO】And I feel comfortable going all out as a result.
【Honami】Aren't the drums supposed to be the band's foundation? Is it okay for me to be leaning on other people...?
【MEIKO】Hahaha! You can't build a house with just the foundation, right?
【Honami】Oh! Um... Yes, I see your point.
【MEIKO】Yup. Anyway, why don't you play something for me? I may be able to give you better advice after that.
【Honami】Really? Thank you so much!
【Honami】Alright, here it goes!
[Sound] se00165
【MEIKO】(Luka was right. She's solid... I might be the more envious one here...)
【MEIKO】(Hmm. Okay, I get it now.)
【Honami】H-How was I...?
【MEIKO】You not being able to figure out a good drumming technique is probably not something you can resolve on your own.
【Honami】Huh? Wh-What does that mean?
【MEIKO】Your band is still quite new, right?
【MEIKO】You might be feeling lost about how to perform because your band as a whole hasn't worked that out yet.
【MEIKO】So it's probably difficult to find the right technique to focus on or judge just how much free reign you have.
【MEIKO】To add to our foundation analogy, you'll need to decide what sort of house you want to build, right?
【Honami】Oh, that's true. That makes so much sense!
【MEIKO】See?
【Honami】The kind of house we all want to build... So we should decide on what sort of performances we want to put on?
【MEIKO】That's one way. On the other hand, you could learn to become fully independent!
【MEIKO】You know, to become THE pillar that props up your band?
【Honami】Yes... I mean, if I can...
【MEIKO】Haha. Don't worry. Everyone has a different take when it comes to this.
【Honami】Maybe I was feeling lost because our band is so new and none of us know what we want to actually do yet...
【Honami】But I think that also means there are a lot of other things we can learn in the meantime.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I think so too. The hesitation you're talking about really might not be a bad thing either, Honami.
【Honami】Thank you! I'll try not to worry about it so much.
【MEIKO】Okay, I'm glad that's sorted out. Good luck, Honami.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Honami】Thank you so much for lending me your ear, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】No, it was my pleasure! I'll see you later, okay?
【Miku】What were you and Honami talking about, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Oh, just some stuff about drumming!
【MEIKO】Speaking of drumming, I can still keep going. How about a session with just us three?
【Luka】Hehe. Sure, of course.
【MEIKO】Wow! That was fun!
【MEIKO】It's so nice to know I can go all out when we're playing together like this.
【MEIKO】You handle my improvisations so well too. It feels great to play each note!
【Miku】I can sort of just sense it. How others want to play. What others are trying to do and such.
【MEIKO】Right. And you can't help but throw yourself into a song after you start hearing those around you play!
【MEIKO】Words can't describe how good it feels!
【MEIKO】Oh, but you know what? Not everything has to be perfect.
【Luka】Are you thinking about Ichika and the others?
【MEIKO】Yes.
【MEIKO】They only just formed their band, so it feels like they're still not quite sure what they want to do.
【MEIKO】I'm pretty sure they'll really start to improve once they find their groove but...
【MEIKO】Did you notice how they'd sometimes randomly go off tune when they're not being careful?
【Miku】Well, that may be true...
【MEIKO】Haha! Sorry, sorry! I'm not trying to put down your precious girls, I promise.
【MEIKO】Seriously, I didn't mean it in a bad way.
【MEIKO】This is a period of mutual discovery and learning about one another. It's an important part of being a new band and gaining experience.
【Miku】True.
【Luka】I agree. The girls are definitely trying to listen to each other carefully and figure out what they want to do.
【MEIKO】Exactly! Sometimes, everything just falls into place and they have an amazing session all of the sudden!
【MEIKO】It's always exciting to see how things will unfold with them!
【Miku】I agree. I definitely feel that way when I play with them.
【MEIKO】See? And they have so much fun playing together too.
【MEIKO】That's why every melody they create sounds so bright and cheerful, at least for me!
【MEIKO】I really love them. How do they produce such a unique sound? It's almost as if it sparkles or twinkles.
【Luka】Well, that's an easy one.
【Luka】Their band is what brought them all back together.
【Miku】Right. And coming together like this helped them find their true feelings as well, while we hope all four of them will keep the band going for as long as possible.
【MEIKO】All four of them, huh...?
【MEIKO】You know, I see you two playing together with them fairly often, but you rarely give them any advice about being a band or anything.
【Miku】You're right.
【Miku】The band was our suggestion, but they eventually found their true feelings on their own.
【Miku】So it seems best to just watch over them.
【Luka】Yes. You'd be surprised by how mature and thoughtful they can be sometimes.
【MEIKO】I see. So you're not interfering too much because you trust that they'll figure this out on their own?
【MEIKO】Haha! You really believe in them, don't you?
【Miku】Of course! We're talking about the girls, right?
【MEIKO】Hehe. Okay, I can do that too!
【MEIKO】I only just met them, but I'm already looking forward to what they have in store for us!
【Luka】Hehe. Join the club.
【MEIKO】Gladly!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_e000501
[Caption] Empty SEKAI
【Mizuki】Anyways, I should head back and find Mafuyu.
【MEIKO】Okay.
[Sound] se00049
【MEIKO】...
【Miku】MEIKO? Are you alone...?
【Rin】No, someone else was here...
【MEIKO】Mizuki was...
【MEIKO】Mizuki was looking for Mafuyu, but left after I said she wasn't here.
【Miku】I see...
【Rin】Oh, okay...
【MEIKO】...
【Miku】Is something bothering you, MEIKO...?
【MEIKO】Yes... It seems like there's something else on Mizuki's mind.
【Rin】Mizuki...?
【Rin】That reminds me, you said you were interested in how the four of them were feeling.
【MEIKO】Yes. Those three can freely enter and exit this SEKAI as well, even though it's based on Mafuyu's thoughts and feelings.
【MEIKO】Those three must mean just that much to her. So much that she can't be without them...
【MEIKO】That's sort of why I said that I'd like to observe and watch for the time being.
【Rin】I understand that, but what is it that you're hoping to learn about them...?
【MEIKO】What they want to do and why, I think...?
【Miku】What they want to do and why?
【MEIKO】Okay.
【MEIKO】Mafuyu has slowly begun to change since she discovered what her true feelings are. Am I right, Miku...?
【Miku】Yes...
【MEIKO】And the other three, Kanade, Ena and Mizuki, were the ones that helped open that door for her...
【MEIKO】Mafuyu meeting them has caused this SEKAI to slowly change.
【MEIKO】Enough to make Rin and myself appear.
【Rin】Yes, I see... I came here when Ena needed help.
【Rin】So, does this mean someone else needs our help again?
【MEIKO】It's very likely.
【Miku】Very likely...?
【MEIKO】I'm not certain as to why I'm here or what I'm supposed to do...
【Miku】And you want to learn what they want to do and why to figure that out...
【MEIKO】Okay.
【Miku】When Rin first came here, she also seemed somewhat lost and wasn't sure what she should be doing.
【Rin】She's right.
【MEIKO】How did you get through it...?
【Rin】Huh? I... I met Miku and talked to her... And I talked to Kanade and the others...
【MEIKO】...
【Rin】You seem doubtful... I'm telling the truth.
【Miku】Things may not be as clear as you'd like yet because Mafuyu may still have a few questions that haven't been answered.
【MEIKO】Maybe...
【MEIKO】...
[Sound] se00053
【MEIKO】(No, it's too soon to draw out any conclusions. I still need more information...)
【MEIKO】I need to keep observing them...
【Rin】...
【Rin】Um, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】...?
【Rin】I understand why you're keeping Kanade and the others at arm's length, but are you planning on doing that with us too?
【MEIKO】...
【MEIKO】What would you like me to do, Rin?
【Rin】I mean... Nevermind...
【Miku】I think Rin wants to sing with you, MEIKO...
【MEIKO】She does...?
【Miku】When you said that you plan to keep your distance from everyone...
【Miku】That ended up including us too, and she seemed a little sad about losing the chance to sing with you...
【MEIKO】I see...
【Rin】...
【MEIKO】Come to think of it, I haven't heard the song that was born out of Mafuyu's true feelings yet.
【MEIKO】As part of my observations, I should listen to... No, sing it...
【Rin】...!
【Rin】If that's what you want to do, fine.
【Miku】Hehe. Let's all sing together, Rin, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Okay.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_e000501
[Caption] Empty SEKAI
【MEIKO】...
【Ena】Hi, MEIKO!
【Kanade】Hello, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Yes, welcome...
【Miku】Welcome, Ena, Kanade.
【Rin】You're back already...? Please try to keep it down.
【Ena】Okay, we will.
【MEIKO】...
【Kanade】MEIKO...?
【Miku】She's had something on her mind for quite some time now...
【Kanade】I see. Then we probably shouldn't bother her...
【Ena】But what is it that's bothering her so much?
【Miku】Well...
【Rin】More importantly, where are Mafuyu and Mizuki...?
【Kanade】They're still at school, so it's just us for now.
【Ena】So that's that. Actually, it's pretty rare for Mizuki to go to school at all.
【MEIKO】Anyways, what bring you two here?
【Kanade】Oh, it's about this trip we all went on the other day.
【Ena】Yeah! Mizuki took a ton of pictures and just sent them over to us. We thought that we should show you.
【Rin】Yes, you mentioned something about that.
【Rin】What kind of pictures...?
【Ena】They're on my phone so just give me one... Here they are!
【MEIKO】You did it to help Kanade, yes? Were you able to make your song...?
【Kanade】Yes. I managed.
【Miku】So it became a good experience.
【Ena】Good? I'd say it was more shocking than it was good. The tunnel Mizuki took us through in the beginning was so creepy...
【Rin】Tunnel?
【Ena】Yeah, here. Every place Mizuki took us was supposedly haunted in some way.
【Ena】Such a dark and eerie atmosphere too. It constantly felt like something could jump out and come after us at any time...
【Rin】Could...? But nothing did in the end?
【Ena】We probably wouldn't be here if that did happen!
【Miku】Kanade, how about this one...?
【Kanade】Oh, that's from the second place we saw.
【MEIKO】...
【Miku】Thank you for telling us about your trip, Kanade, Ena.
【Rin】Yeah, it was sort of interesting.
【Kanade】I'm glad.
【Ena】We'll see you later!
【Kanade】Bye, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Bye.
【MEIKO】I didn't get to see Mizuki...
【Rin】True, but Mizuki's at school. There isn't much we can do about that, right?
【Miku】Is it still bothering you...?
【MEIKO】A little. I wish I had more to work with...
【MEIKO】Didn't Mizuki mention to Mafuyu that they were somehow alike...?
【Miku】Yes...
[Sound] se00053
【Mizuki】But still, I just sort of got the feeling we were somehow alike.
【Mizuki】That part that feels like we might be able to change ourselves a bit at a time to fit in with those around us, and the confusion at whether we should resist or accept it.
【Mizuki】Then getting so tired from trying so hard that nothing seems to matter anymore. I feel like we're similar in that.
【Mizuki】There aren't very many people who can understand how that feels.
【Mizuki】And that's why I think I'd feel really sad if you were to disappear now.
【MEIKO】The self...
【MEIKO】Perhaps Mizuki's also doing some soul searching...
【Rin】You think so...? I feel like Mizuki already has a clear sense of self.
【Rin】I mean, Mizuki always bring me things that are "cute", like ribbons, clothes and stuff.
【MEIKO】I see...
【Rin】You don't seem satisfied with that answer...
【MEIKO】I don't? I understand what you're trying to say Rin, but...
【Miku】But...?
【MEIKO】No, nevermind...
【MEIKO】(There's no point in telling them now. I need more information...)
【MEIKO】(I need more time to find what I'm looking for...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【MEIKO】Hmm... This doesn't sound right. It's too simple. Maybe triplets is the way to go...
【MEIKO】Hm?
[Background Change] bg_f000201
【Ichika】...
【MEIKO】Oh, Ichika. Hello. Is something wrong? Is it just you?
【Ichika】Yes... I'm sorry to bother you in the middle of practice like this, MEIKO...
【MEIKO】Oh, don't mind me! Come in, come in!
【Ichika】Thank you.
[Background Change] bg_f000101
【MEIKO】Is something bothering you? You don't look so great...
【Ichika】...
【Ichika】Today's, well... It's sort of a big day...
【MEIKO】A big day?
[Sound] se00053
【Ichika】Do you know what it means...? What's needed to become a pro...?
【MEIKO】Is this about Shiho...?
【Ichika】Yes...
【MEIKO】I see. Do you think your answer will satisfy her?
【Ichika】I'm not sure...
【MEIKO】This really is a tough one. Actually trying to become a pro...
【MEIKO】The other two were in the same boat as you.
【Ichika】Huh?
【Saki】Hehe. Sorry...
【Honami】We're here...
【Ichika】Saki, Honami?! Wait, don't tell me...?
【Saki】Yes...
【MEIKO】...
【MEIKO】Bands are strange things, aren't they?
【Ichika】Huh?
【MEIKO】Bands are all about bringing different instruments together to create songs and music together, right?
【MEIKO】Sometimes you won't agree on anything, maybe end up in heated arguments, but you're all bandmates in the end...
【MEIKO】It's as if your feelings are coming together and trying to guide you to the right answer.
【Saki】Our feelings are guiding us...?
【MEIKO】Yes. It's a mysterious but wonderful phenomenon, no?
【Honami】Yes, I see. I understand what you're trying to say.
【MEIKO】Right?
【MEIKO】Tell me, what part of being a band do you find the most appealing?
【Ichika】The most appealing...?
【Saki】It might be hard to point to just one thing...
【Honami】You're right. Why are we together like this...?
【Ichika】...
【Ichika】Maybe because we can't make this music on our own. We have to be together to create this sound?
【Ichika】When we play in sync, everything changes...
【Ichika】When we're playing well, each beat, each note turns into more. Our performance becomes more than the sum of its parts.
【Ichika】I know it doesn't make any sense, but that's what it sometimes feels like...!
【Ichika】It's as if we're aiming for the same goal and seeing the same thing...
【Saki】No, I totally get that!
【Honami】I do too. That sense of being one is indescribable!
【Saki】Yeah, that! Is that what people mean by being in a groove?!
【Ichika】That might be it.
【MEIKO】Hehe. You may want to remember that feeling. It's something that you can only achieve as a band.
【MEIKO】Oh, pursuing that may also be part of having fun as a band and even becoming a pro...!
【Saki】Huh?
【MEIKO】I mean, it has to be pretty tough to keep doing something that's hard or causing you pain, right?
【Ichika】Pursuing that feeling...
【MEIKO】Anyways, I think you should always remember why it's so fun to be in a band.
【MEIKO】And tomorrow's your big day too, right? Make sure to get plenty of sleep...!
【Honami】Right. The rest is up to us...
【Saki】Yeah...
【Saki】Okay. Good night, MEIKO. You too, Hona, Ichi...
【Ichika】Good night. And thank you, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】My pleasure! Sleep tight!
【MEIKO】They'll be fine. I'm sure of it...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] A few days after the STANDOUT show
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Shiho】Stop...!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shiho】Ichika, you messed up the same part again. One more time.
【Ichika】Oh, sorry! Let me try again!
【Shiho】And you were a little off too, Saki. Listen to where everyone else is.
【Saki】Okay. Got it!
【Shiho】Honami, you need to drum like you mean it a little more. Otherwise, we won't be able to hold it together.
【Honami】Right...!
【Shiho】Okay, once more. Honami, count us in...
[Sound] bgm00068
【Luka】Their sound is getting more and more powerful.
【MEIKO】You're right. You can tell how serious they are about this just by looking at them too.
【MEIKO】They're just gonna keep getting better and better from here...
【MEIKO】Going pro won't be easy for them, but I'm sure they'll find a way to succeed!
【Miku】Pros, huh...?
【Miku】Alright! That means we'll need to give them the best support possible too...!
【MEIKO】Hehe. I agree.
【Luka】Indeed.
【Miku】Huh? Why are you two looking at me like that?
【Luka】Oh, nothing.
【MEIKO】Compared to before, you seem completely different now.
【Miku】Before...?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053
【Miku】I'm not sure I can say since I'm not a professional myself...
【Miku】But maybe it has something to do with constantly trying to understand what your music is about...?
【Saki】Wait, there has to be more to it than that! What about having to push the other things you want to do to the side and stuff...?
【Miku】That I can't say...
【Ichika】Not even Miku can answer this one.
【Miku】Of course. I've never thought about going pro or how to do it.
【MEIKO】I have to think that you had more to say then, right?
[Sound] bgm00024
【Miku】Wh-What could you possibly be talking about...?
【Luka】Oh? You seemed so anxious after that too...
【Miku】Oh...
【Miku】...
【Miku】*Sigh* Yes, MEIKO, you're right.
【Miku】I kept wondering if there's anything else I can do for them.
【MEIKO】I knew it! But it didn't seem like you regretted saying that or anything...
【Miku】I was wondering about what I should say if I were asked the same thing again...
【MEIKO】Oh, I see. That's why you've been trying to find somewhere to be alone. You were practicing your little speech.
【Miku】Huh?! Y-You knew about that too?!
【Luka】Sorry, we happened to see you in the middle of your rehearsal when we went looking for you the other day...
【Miku】O-Okay...
【MEIKO】I'm sorry that you weren't able to put it to use...
【Miku】No, that's okay.
【Miku】Actually, it's better that Ichika and the others were able to come up with an answer on their own.
【Luka】True. I'm so proud of them.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I agree.
【MEIKO】But things may get pretty rough from here on out...
【MEIKO】They'll probably have to overcome quite a few obstacles in order to make their dream come true.
【MEIKO】But I'm sure they'll be able to.
【MEIKO】That's why we need to keep supporting them as much as possible!
【Miku】Yeah! Of course!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【MEIKO】The lights and sound seem fine. Mic adjustments are all done too!
【MEIKO】I hope everybody gets to enjoy today's show too.
【Miku】MEIKO, we're here!
【MEIKO】Oh! Miku, Rin, Luka! I'm so glad you all came!
【MEIKO】I'm about to do a show. Since you're here, why don't you stay and watch?
【Rin】Yeah! It's been so long since I last saw you perform, MEIKO. I can't wait♪
【Miku】Me too!
【Miku】Oh, MEIKO. Do you have some time to talk after your show is over?
【MEIKO】Yes, of course. Or how about right now?
【Miku】No, it's okay. It's not that urgent. We'll be cheering for you in the meantime♪
【MEIKO】Thank you! Alright, I'll do my best to make sure you all have fun too!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] song00002_off_f
【MEIKO】Everyone! Thanks for coming today!
【MEIKO】Okay, I want you all to have as much fun as possible, so let's start by doing something together♪
【MEIKO】Starting with everybody to my right. Say, Yay♪
[Sound] se00206
【MEIKO】Very nice!
【MEIKO】Now, everyone in the middle... Yay♪
[Sound] se00208
【MEIKO】Hehe! You sound great!
【MEIKO】And lastly, everyone to my left! Yay♪
[Sound] se00207
【MEIKO】Oh? Feeling a little shy, are we...? You can do better than that!
【MEIKO】One more time! Yay♪
[Sound] se00208
【MEIKO】Yeah, there we go! Great job, you guys!
【Rin】That's amazing. She brought everyone together just like that.
【Luka】Yes. I'd expect nothing less from her.
【Miku】I agree. We can learn a lot from her in terms of how to interact with the crowd!
【MEIKO】Alright, it's time for us to have some fun!
[Sound] se00019
[Sound] bgm00000
【Miku】That was great, MEIKO! You were awesome!
[Sound] bgm00006
【MEIKO】Thank you, Miku! Did you guys have fun?
【Luka】We did! That sense of togetherness we felt was really incredible too♪
【Rin】Yeah! It's like the crowd was a part of making your show happen!
【MEIKO】Really? That's something I've been working on, so I'm glad that you're saying this♪
【Rin】You have?
【MEIKO】I know that singing and dancing well are important, but I think the most important thing to keep in mind is whether or not the crowd is having fun.
【MEIKO】That's why I'm trying to keep an eye on how they're doing even if I'm in the middle of a song.
【Miku】Oh, that's why you were calling out to them so much!
【Luka】Yes. You could tell too since everybody was singing and waving their glow sticks together in unison!
【MEIKO】Hehe. It's just what I do♪
【MEIKO】Oh, that reminds me. Wasn't there something you wanted to talk to me about once my show was over?
【MEIKO】We should have plenty of time now since everything's finished.
【Miku】Thank you, MEIKO!
【Miku】It's about how I've been meaning to introduce you to Minori and the others.
【Luka】Today, we came to invite you to do just that♪
【MEIKO】Minori and the others...? You mean the ones who created this SEKAI...?
【Rin】Yeah♪ They're called MORE MORE JUMP!
【Rin】They're idols that make videos and do streams online. They even just did their very first show the other day!
【MEIKO】Their first show?! That's fantastic! So they're doing pretty well then...?
【Miku】They said that they'll do their best as freelance idols...
【Miku】But it sounded so difficult to make it as an idol in their world...
【Miku】That's why I want to be able to help them out as much as possible.
【Luka】You being there for them would help encourage them even more, MEIKO.
【Rin】So MEIKO, please!
【Luka】They're such good girls too. I'm sure you'll immediately start liking them♪
【MEIKO】Hehe. Now I'm the one that's getting all excited to meet them!
【Rin】Does that mean...?
【MEIKO】Of course I'll meet them!
【Rin】Yay! Thank you so much, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】Don't worry about it. It's our job to help them as much as we can, right♪
【MEIKO】So what do I need to do to actually meet them?
【Miku】Then come to the stage that Rin and I usually use...!
【Miku】We've been practicing with them there lately, so I'm sure you'll be able to meet them!
【MEIKO】Okay. I'll make sure to check it out!
【Miku & Rin】Thank you!
【Luka】We'll be waiting for you, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】I'll be there! Hehe. I can't wait to meet them!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【MEIKO】Good morning, everyone♪
【Minori】Oh, MEIKO! Good morning!
【Airi】It's been a little while. How have you been?
【MEIKO】Good, thanks! Miku told me that you'd be practicing here today, so I decided to come and see♪
【Minori】Wait, does that mean you'll help us practice?!
【MEIKO】I'd love to! If you don't mind that is...
【Minori】Yes, please do! It's okay, right?
【Airi】Of course! Thanks for coming, MEIKO!
【Shizuku】I'd love to learn as much as I can from you.
【Haruka】Yes, me too.
【MEIKO】If that's the case, thank you for having me!
【MEIKO】So what are you working on today?
【Haruka】We've been working on dance formation for our routine.
【MEIKO】Oh, that sounds like fun! Shall we get started then?
【Minori】One, two, three, four...!
【Airi】Minori, you're leaning too much! It looks like you're about to fall over!
【Minori】O-Okay! Can we try that again?
【MEIKO】(Oh, this is good. Airi can say what needs to be said and Minori takes it seriously...)
【MEIKO】(Now, let's see how Haruka and Shizuku are doing...)
【MEIKO】(The last time I met them, Shizuku seemed so worried about Haruka...)
【Shizuku】So just before the chorus, what if we have our elbows bent instead of being straight and transition from there?
【Shizuku】I have a feeling that it'll better match this song's lyrics and warm tone...
【Haruka】Yeah. I like your idea. Let's check with Airi and Minori to see what they think.
【Shizuku】Okay!
【MEIKO】(Hehe. They seem just fine now.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
【Airi】Phew... It's coming together pretty well now.
【MEIKO】Yes, it is. But it's also important not to work too hard, so why not take a break?
【Haruka】Right. A water break might not be bad.
【Minori】That was a pretty hard workout.
【Airi】Alright, break it is! But try to stay warm...!
【Shizuku】Okay!
【Haruka】Thanks for your help, MEIKO. Here's a towel if you need one.
【MEIKO】Thank you, Haruka! That'd be nice. I'll take it.
【Haruka】Also, MEIKO... I really appreciate how you've been paying us so much attention.
【MEIKO】Huh?
【Haruka】Weren't you just watching Shizuku and I work on our dance routine just now?
【Haruka】I thought that I should thank you for doing that and going out of your way to talk about these things with us.
【MEIKO】Oh, is that all? It's okay. Don't worry about that♪
【MEIKO】But you really do have a good eye, don't you, Haruka?
【Haruka】I think it's because I've been performing in groups for so long. At the same time, I know that just being observant is enough.
【Haruka】I thought for the longest time that I was doing just fine, but I was actually making everyone else worry.
【Haruka】Even when I was told that taking breaks is important, I didn't really know what to do with that information.
【MEIKO】But you're speaking in past tense, so does that mean you're alright now?
【Haruka】Yes. Shizuku helped me understand what was going on.
【MEIKO】I see... I'm glad you have such good friends!
【Haruka】Me too.
【Haruka】More than that even... I'm not sure what I'd do without them now.
【Haruka】So I'll make sure to do everything I can so that I don't cause them any concern.
【MEIKO】Good for you. But if you'll allow me to add just one little thing...♪
【MEIKO】Things like that don't happen overnight. It may take some time to get used to.
【Haruka】Huh?
【MEIKO】It's like how it'd be unreasonable to ask someone who's naturally right-handed to start doing everything with their left hand, you know?
【MEIKO】I believe it's important to give yourself the time you need to get used to everything...!
【Haruka】Yes, I see. Thank you, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Hehe. You're very welcome♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【Kohane】Thank you for lending me so much of your time talking with me like this, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】You're welcome. Come back anytime.
【MEIKO】I'm glad she was able to figure out what her next step needs to be.
【MEIKO】(But it still won't solve her problem.)
【MEIKO】(She has An, Akito and Toya, so I think she'll be fine but...)
[Sound] se00006
【Len】Heya!
【Rin】We're here...! Hm? What?!
【Rin】Is it just you here, MEIKO? Where's everyone else?!
【MEIKO】You mean Kohane and the others? They just left a second ago.
【Len】Nooo! We just sensed that they were here and came running over!
【Rin】*Sigh* I was looking forward to talking and doing stuff with them...
【MEIKO】I'm sorry, you two.
【MEIKO】But our little chat sort of turned into me giving Kohane and An advice about something, so I'm not sure they would've been in the mood to play...
【Len】Hm? It was just Kohane and An here?
【MEIKO】Yes, that's right.
【Rin】What were you giving them advice about, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Hmm... I probably shouldn't tell you behind their backs...
【MEIKO】Details aside, they were concerned about having confidence in themselves.
【Rin】Having confidence in themselves?
【MEIKO】Yes. Kohane in particular seems to have never experienced that feeling of pride or confidence...
【Len】What?! Not even once?!
【Rin】So what happened after they told you? Did they figure out what to do?
【MEIKO】No, not quite. I just gave them some words to think on.
【Rin】But that's it?
【MEIKO】Yes. I mean, how someone feels confident about themselves varies wildly from person to person.
【MEIKO】But I'm sure An, Akito and Toya will help figure out the rest.
【Len】Okay...
【MEIKO】And look at you two. Could it be that you wanted to talk to them about this too?
【Len】Yeah, that and...
【Len】It's just... That's sort of all we're able to do for them, you know?
【Rin】I know, right...? We're always trying so hard to help make their dreams come true.
【MEIKO】Oh? What if I told you that just listening to what someone has to say can make them feel much better?
【Rin】That's true, but we still end up wanting to do something for them...
【Len】Yeah.
【Len】You and Miku are adults, so it's easy for you to watch over everyone. But for us, it's really hard.
【MEIKO】Are you sure? I feel like you've done quite a bit for them already...
【MEIKO】Don't forget that these are also just my own personal beliefs, so you don't need to feel compelled to do exactly what I do. Understand?
【Rin & Len】Huh?
【MEIKO】I believe in what I believe in. You two believe in what you believe in. That's completely normal, right?
【MEIKO】That's why it's also natural for you two to act and think differently.
【Len】So it's okay for us to try and help them more?
【MEIKO】Yes, of course.
【MEIKO】(For them to make their dream come true, I'm sure they'll have to face many different challenges along the way.)
【MEIKO】(We need to be there for them and support them in whatever ways we can.)
【MEIKO】Oh, however... You can't be pushy about it, okay?
【MEIKO】You have to always keep their feelings in mind. Be listeners and not speakers...
【MEIKO】Promise me you'll do that.
【Rin & Len】We promise!
【MEIKO】Hehe.
【MEIKO】And since you're here, would you like something to drink...?
【Rin】Yeah, I'm parched since we literally ran over here! I'd like an orange juice!
【Len】Me too!
【MEIKO】Okay, coming right up.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【KAITO】So they managed to get revenge on that event they mentioned? What was it called, STAY GOLDEN?
【MEIKO】Yes, it seems that way.
【KAITO】Good for them. Especially since they spent so much time practicing here too.
【KAITO】I'm sure you felt a sense of relief as well, Miku. You seemed so anxious as the event approached.
【Miku】That was because I know that practicing as much as possible doesn't necessarily mean you'll get results when it matters.
【Miku】But I'm so proud of them. Kohane in particular since I heard she did something absolutely incredible.
【KAITO】Oh, really?! I wish I could've heard her sing.
[Sound] se00006
【MEIKO】Oh, speaking of which...
【Kohane】Hello!
【Miku】You're here early. Are you done with practice already?
【An】Yup. We're gonna be in another battle event tomorrow as a team, so we took it easy today.
【Miku】Oh, really...? Do you think you'll win?
【Akito】Well, yeah.
【Toya】We couldn't be in better shape either.
【Miku】That's great, and I wouldn't expect anything less.
【MEIKO】Hehe. Now then, what can I get you guys?
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】Here you are, Kohane, An. That should be everything, right?
[Sound] bgm00024
【Kohane】Yes, thank you very much.
【An】I kinda feel bad about us coming in all together and barraging you with orders.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I'm doing this because I love it, so there's nothing for you to worry about.
【MEIKO】But it never ceases to amaze me how lively this place has become...
【Len】Hey, I was saving that cookie for later...!
【Rin】I didn't see your name on it! The early bird gets the worm, right?
【Akito】How is it that you two can fight over absolutely nothing?
【Rin & Len】Because he...! Because she...!
【KAITO】Oh, Weekend Garage? It would be nice to try their coffee sometime.
【Toya】Then why don't I bring you some of their original blend next time? All I'd have to do is buy some.
【KAITO】You'd do that?! Thank you, I can't wait to try it!
【MEIKO】It's such a strange thing. Rin, Len and everyone else hardly ever used to come here. Now it's like they're here every day.
【An】Yeah, come to think of it, I didn't really see Rin around when we first came here...
【MEIKO】Yes. That may also have something to do with her constantly fighting with Len...
【MEIKO】But she seemed to be wandering and singing all by herself for some time.
【Kohane】I never knew that.
【MEIKO】However, she and Len eventually made up. Then they met all of you, started singing together, and found a home here.
【MEIKO】I have a feeling that they saw you guys and felt a need to treat each other better as partners.
【An】Wait, really...?
【MEIKO】You may have to ask them to find out if I'm right, but I believe so.
【MEIKO】Thank you for being such a good influence.
【Kohane & An】...
【MEIKO】Oh, is something bothering you?
【Kohane】It just surprised me a little is all.
【An】Yeah. It just felt like we've been relying on you, MEIKO, and everybody else here so much.
【MEIKO】Hehe. That's a two-way street.
【MEIKO】You've already done quite a lot for all of us here.
【Kohane】We have...?
【MEIKO】You care about your partners and your team. You work diligently as a team to overcome whatever challenges you're faced with...
【MEIKO】Miku, Rin, Len, everyone... They all saw how you worked together as a team and are doing their best to keep up with you guys.
【MEIKO】And I couldn't be happier to see them practicing so hard.
【MEIKO】Well, with the exception of KAITO. You know how he is...
【MEIKO】But I'm also here to make my cafe a place where you can all feel like you belong.
【Kohane】Yes, I see. It really is nice being here.
【An】Yeah, I think so too. You're even here to give us great advice about stuff.
【MEIKO】And feel free to keep asking.
【MEIKO】Plus, you coming to visit helps make this place just that much more vibrant.
【Kohane & An】Thank you!
【MEIKO】(Such a vibrant little cafe.)
【MEIKO】(Hehe. I wonder if our little friend will return too now that this place has become so lively.)
【MEIKO】I'll be looking forward to when that happens.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【MEIKO】Hmm... What should I do for my next show?
【MEIKO】Being able to bond with the audience during shows up to this point has been nice, but I kind of want to make this one a little more special...
【MEIKO】Aren't there any good ideas out there...?
【MEIKO】Oh...
[Sound] se00053
【MEIKO】Yeah, I can do something moon viewing themed!
【MEIKO】It'll definitely feel special too since it's going to be so different from what I usually do♪
【MEIKO】But as much as I want to start working on this idea, I really don't know much about moon viewings.
【MEIKO】Hmm... Maybe I should ask Minori and the girls about this.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000402
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Classroom
【Airi】There. Our moon viewing stream should be all set to go now...
【Haruka】Your ideas were so well-thought-out too, Shizuku. This is sure to become a fun stream.
【Minori】Yeah, Shizuku, you did an amazing job!
【Shizuku】Hehe. Thank you♪ I wouldn't have been able to do this without all your help.
[Sound] se00028
【MEIKO】<Hi, girls, do you have a minute?>
【Minori】M-MEIKO?!
【MEIKO】<Hehe. Sorry for the surprise visit. There's something I'd like to ask all of you.>
【Airi】Ask us? Did something happen?
【MEIKO】<Well...>
【MEIKO】<So I was wondering if you girls could teach me what you know about moon viewings...>
【Airi】I see. If that's the case, we'd be happy to help!
【MEIKO】<Really?!>
【Haruka】Yes. We were just having a discussion about some moon viewing segments that we'll be doing.
【Haruka】It could even act as a mock rehearsal for us, so why don't you sit back and watch us for a little bit?
【MEIKO】<Yes, I'd love to! Thank you.>
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】I'll start with an introduction...
[Sound] bgm00006
【MEIKO】<Great, thanks♪>
【Shizuku】It's believed that moon viewings first gained prominence in Japan during the Heian period.
【MEIKO】<The Heian era... That's around when the Pillow Book was written, yes?>
【Shizuku】Yes, exactly. And moon viewing originally began as an event that was celebrated by nobles.
【Shizuku】These exclusive parties mostly involved drinking sake, reading poems and playing wind or string instruments while riding on special boats.
【Airi】It started gaining popularity amongst commoners during the Edo period.
【Airi】But by this time, it'd turned into a traditional farming ritual.
【MEIKO】<Yes, I see. So the actual purpose of the event evolved as time passed.>
【Minori】Yeah! What began as a series of events for celebrating the fall harvest became one really big party!
【Shizuku】Hehe. It's so interesting how this all came about.
【Shizuku】And it kept evolving too. Now, we celebrate by presenting offerings in the form of dango and pampas grass.
【Shizuku】How we celebrate moon viewing today is actually a rather recent development.
【MEIKO】<That's so intriguing! I've learned so much already!>
【Haruka】Also, rabbits are closely tied with moon viewings because of how they were portrayed in folk tales...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Haruka】I believe that's about everything...
【Shizuku】Do you think it'll help?
【MEIKO】<Yes, I think so! Nobles, the harvest... I'm starting to get some good ideas already♪>
【Minori】Really?! That's great!
【MEIKO】<I'll try to work what I learned from you all today into my next show!>
【MEIKO】<Thank you so much♪>
【MEIKO】(Alright, how do I go about this show?)
【MEIKO】(I could wear something much more Japanese and... Oh, I could even try working in some traditional Japanese dances into my dance routine♪)
【Minori】So, MEIKO, have you decided what you wanna do for your show?
【MEIKO】<Hehe. Well...>
【MEIKO】<You'll just have to wait until then♪>
【Minori】No...! Can you give us a tiny clue...?
【MEIKO】<Hehe. I'll make sure to let you know when it'll be, so I hope you'll be able to come by and see it♪>
【Minori】Great! I absolutely promise to go!
【Airi】We'll be looking forward to it, MEIKO!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【MEIKO】Okay, my costume's all ready and so is everything else for this show.
【MEIKO】All that's left is for me to stay focused and keep practicing. Hehe. I'm so excited!
【Miku】MEIKO, hello!
【MEIKO】Miku! Luka! Hi there♪
【Luka】You're doing a moon viewing show, right? I can't wait to see it♪
【Miku】How's everything going for it? Do you need any help?
【MEIKO】Thanks, but I think I'm all set♪ It's ready to go off without a hitch.
【Miku】Really? It's so amazing how you're able to plan entire shows by yourself.
【Luka】Yes, it really is. I'm looking forward to seeing it very much♪
【Miku】I also remember seeing some Japanese-looking clothes lying around... Are you planning on wearing them during your show?
【MEIKO】Yes, aren't they gorgeous? They fit in with the show's theme so nicely too.
【MEIKO】Not only that, I'm hoping to do things a little differently during this show compared to normal.
【Luka】Different how?
【Miku】What are you going to do?
【MEIKO】Hehe. Why don't I just show you with a special sneak peek?
【MEIKO】My plan is to divide the entire show into three separate parts.
【Miku】Three parts?
【MEIKO】Yes. Minori and the others explained to me how moon viewing celebrations evolved over the course of history.
【MEIKO】That's why I want the crowd to also experience how things change as time passes♪
【Luka】Oh, that sounds so interesting. What did you have in mind specifically?
【MEIKO】First, I'll start with a Heian period theme.
【MEIKO】I'll wear something that looks like a traditional twelve-layered kimono while playing music that features kotos and flutes♪
【Miku】Yes, that would be quite different from what you usually do.
【MEIKO】Right? I was also thinking about working in some traditional Japanese dances into my routine.
【MEIKO】By dimming the spotlight, it could act as the moon that the nobles saw in ye olde times while the audience gets to celebrate it now.
【Luka】My, what a wonderful idea♪
【Miku】What comes after that?
【MEIKO】Part two will be more about how commoners integrated moon viewings into their fall harvest celebrations.
【MEIKO】And part three would bring us back to the present. Here, we'll all sing and dance to some fun music, while looking up at the same moon♪
【Miku】That's so cool! It's one big party from start to finish♪
【Luka】I agree. I had fun just listening to your explanation♪
【MEIKO】Hehe. Thanks♪
【MEIKO】I'm essentially doing three different shows all at once this time, so my goal is to show everyone a different MEIKO during each part.
【MEIKO】Part one in particular, the one about the Heian period, since I'll need to present myself with grace and serenity.
【Miku】A graceful and serene MEIKO... You're going to look so beautiful.
【Luka】I agree. Especially considering how you're usually so cute and full of energy during your shows.
【Luka】Your audience might not know what to do with themselves after they see you in such a new light♪
【MEIKO】Thanks, you two!
【MEIKO】However, I am somewhat concerned about how my fans will react when they see me present myself that way.
【MEIKO】I'm sort of wondering if I pushed the envelope a little too far with this show.
【Luka】Hehe. I'm sure they won't mind.
【Luka】If I were one of your fans, I would love you no matter what you wear or how you look.
【Miku】Me too♪
【Miku】Like Luka said, they really might go even more head over heels for you after they see you do this!
【MEIKO】Hehe. Thanks...!
【MEIKO】You're both right! This is the show I envisioned in my head. Something unique and spectacular.
【MEIKO】I'll be sure to follow through until the end and make it an instant classic!
【Luka】Good luck, MEIKO. I'll be cheering you on.
【Miku】Me too♪ And feel free to ask us for help if you ever need it!
【MEIKO】Yes, thank you, I will! The new MEIKO's going to put on a moon viewing show the likes of which have never been seen before♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_e000501
[Caption] Empty SEKAI
【MEIKO】I have nothing more to say.
[Sound] se00104
【Ena】Hey...! MEIKO, wait!
【Ena】What did you mean by that?!
【MEIKO】(Looks like she's left...)
【MEIKO】I really wasn't planning on telling her so much...
[Sound] se00053
【MEIKO】Sometimes, talking can make things worse.
【MEIKO】Why are you so obsessed with helping Mizuki?
【Ena】Why? Because...
【Ena】Because we're friends!
【MEIKO】(But she seemed desperate and unwilling to leave unless I told her something.)
【MEIKO】(And if I didn't, a certain someone would likely have tried to butt in...)
【MEIKO】(Originally, I was hoping to just hear what Ena had to say while not actually telling her anything...)
[Sound] se00097
【Luka】Ah, I see that Ena's left already.
【MEIKO】Oh, it's you... I'm guessing that you saw everything.
【Luka】Hehe. Of course.
【Luka】And all things considered, MEIKO, you seemed to enjoy having that little chat with her.
【MEIKO】*Sigh*
【MEIKO】I just gave her some advice because I thought she'd be better off hearing it from me as opposed to you.
【Luka】Oh, I don't bite... Hard...
【MEIKO】Says you...
【MEIKO】If I decided not to talk to Ena, you would've gone to talk to her, no?
【MEIKO】And you would've ruffled her feathers like you did with Kanade.
【Luka】Yes, of course.
【Luka】She's looking for a solution to her problem, yes? It's our job to help her along the way.
【MEIKO】Again, says you.
【Luka】Hehe.
【Luka】But to be completely honest, I believe either of us would have sufficed...
【MEIKO】Either of us...?
【Luka】Yes. I certainly would've tried speaking to Ena if you decided to keep your distance.
【Luka】However, you were willing to make an exception for her and decided to give her some advice yourself...
【MEIKO】So...?
【Luka】It didn't matter which of us spoke to her. The end result would've been the same...
【Luka】Hehe. But I enjoyed seeing this side of you for a change.
【MEIKO】*Sigh*
【MEIKO】And now, instead of Ena, you're trying to ruffle my feathers.
【MEIKO】How long have you been planning to do this...?
【Luka】Just a little while ago when I noticed that Ena was looking for you.
【Luka】And I wasn't “planning” anything, so don't worry.
【MEIKO】That isn't very reassuring...
【MEIKO】We really are incompatible with one another...
【Luka】Oh, is that so? I think we're getting along just fine.
【Luka】Our conversations are always so stimulating, don't you think?
【MEIKO】Go talk to Rin if you want that. I'll be going now.
[Sound] se00097
【Luka】Hehe. We'll talk again soon.
【MEIKO】*Sigh*
【MEIKO】What in the world is she planning?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_e000501
[Caption] Empty SEKAI
[Sound] se00025
【MEIKO】...?
【MEIKO】(Someone's just arrived.)
【MEIKO】(Mizuki? Or...)
[Sound] se00143
【Ena】Hey, MEIKO, there you are!
【MEIKO】Ena? Luka...?
【Ena】I'm so glad that I found you! And thanks for your help, Luka!
【Luka】Hehe. You're welcome.
【Luka】Now that my work is done, I think I'll take a break here. Don't mind me, you two.
【Ena】Okay, thanks.
【MEIKO】(She's sticking around to listen to us talk...)
【MEIKO】So, Ena, why were you looking for me?
【Ena】About that...
【Ena】I talked to Mizuki.
【MEIKO】Oh... And?
【Ena】And I realized what you meant by, “Sometimes, talking can make things worse,” which really helped me in the end.
【Ena】Whenever something's bothering me, I usually complain about it openly or ask someone else for help because it makes me feel better...
【Ena】But I realize now that not everyone is like that. Thank you so much for telling me that.
【MEIKO】I'm glad it helped.
【Ena】*Nod*
【Ena】You must've already been aware of how Mizuki felt about talking, MEIKO, and how it probably wouldn't have helped.
【MEIKO】I haven't actually talked to Mizuki about this, so I don't actually know for certain...
【Ena】That's fine.
【Ena】Because of what you said, MEIKO, I've decided to be patient and wait until Mizuki's ready to talk.
【MEIKO】I see...
【Ena】But this started to make me wonder about something else...
【MEIKO】Something else?
【Ena】Yeah. When I said that I'd wait, I really meant it. Even if it takes my whole life...
【Ena】So I'm wondering if my declaration is going to make it hard for you or anyone else to talk to Mizuki about this.
【MEIKO】Ah, I see... I don't think you need to worry about that.
【MEIKO】You are you, I am me... We'll each take our own approaches.
【Ena】MEIKO...
【MEIKO】And I've said this before. I'm here to just observe, not intervene.
【Ena】Yeah, I get that but...
【Luka】Hehe. I agree with MEIKO. You don't need to mind us so much when it comes to this.
【Luka】I believe we're simply supposed to act as guides in your time of need.
【Ena】Guides...?
【MEIKO】Although, some of us seem to enjoy sending you down more treacherous routes.
【Luka】Oh, that's very scary.
【MEIKO】...
【MEIKO】I believe you really should just do things the way you want.
【MEIKO】And if you believe that waiting is the answer, then you'll just have to wait.
【Ena】Right. I'll do that! Thanks, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】You don't need to thank me.
【Ena】Hehe. I want to thank you.
【MEIKO】Okay...?
【MEIKO】If we're done, I'll be going now.
【Ena】Oh, MEIKO, wait. Can I ask you one last thing?
【MEIKO】What is it...?
【Ena】If something happens in the future, can I come talk to you about it?
【MEIKO】...
【Luka】Hehe. Who was it that said she should do things the way she wants?
【MEIKO】I don't mind listening...
【Ena】That's plenty! Thanks, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Bye...
[Sound] se00097
【Ena】And I really appreciate you sticking around like this, Luka. I was able to talk about what I needed to thanks to you.
【Luka】Hehe. Feel free to ask me again. I'll always be glad to help.
【Luka】Especially if you're going to speak with MEIKO. Please let me know whenever you do.
【Ena】Sure, I promise. See you later!
[Sound] se00097
【MEIKO】(Ugh... I heard all of that, Luka...)
【MEIKO】(No, that must've been deliberate.)
【MEIKO】(Regardless, I plan on seeing this thing all the way through to watch where they end up...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000201
[Caption] Weekend Garage
[Caption] Stage
【Akito】Alright... We don't have much time today, so let's call it here for now.
【Toya】Yes, it is MEIKO's anniversary after all.
【An】Yeah, we gotta head over to SEKAI after this.
【Kohane】Oh, but there's something I need to see before we go...!
[Sound] se00055
【Toya】See what...?
【An】Oh, right! MEIKO's anniversary show!
【Akito】Oh, you mean this MEIKO.
【Toya】Now I remember. You told me about it the other day, Azusawa.
【Kohane】Hehe. Actually, Ichika's the one who told me about it.
[Sound] se00183
【Kohane】Oh, good! It just started!
【An】Kohane, lemme see too!
【Toya】Now that I think about it, I'm not sure I've actually seen one of this MEIKO's shows before.
【Akito】Yeah. Since we're here, wanna check it out?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000201
[Sound] bgm00006
[Sound] se00019
[Caption] VIRTUAL SINGER Stage
【MEIKO】<Hello, everyone in the audience! And hello to everyone watching the stream!>
【MEIKO】<Thank you for coming to my anniversary show!>
【MEIKO】<I'd like to start with this song...!>
[Sound] se00019
[Background Change] bg_c000201
【An】This MEIKO's really cheerful, but it has so much power too! Like a big sister you can really count on!
【Kohane】Yeah, her energy's so infectious. Also, songs with a more mature theme to them really suit her.
【An】I know, right?! And the way she does duets with KAITO's so cool!
【Akito】Really makes you think...
【Toya】How?
【Akito】About SEKAI, “Untitled”, MEIKO, the others and how we can actually talk to them whenever we go and visit.
【Akito】I mean, nothing about that's normal.
【An】Yeah, but at the same time, all we can really do is accept as reality, right?
【Akito】No, I get that. It's just...
【Kohane】I still don't really understand everything behind what you mentioned, but I'm really glad that I got to meet MEIKO and everyone else...
【Kohane】I wouldn't be here talking with you guys right now if I hadn't.
【An】Kohane...
【Kohane】And before, when it came to “VIRTUAL SINGERS”, I knew that they sang songs and stuff...
【Kohane】But now, I'm close enough with them to want to celebrate their anniversaries, almost like we're family.
【An】Yeah, I get what you mean!
【An】We've become familiar with MEIKO from SEKAI and she's probably a little different from this MEIKO.
【An】But MEIKO's still MEIKO wherever you go, so it's hard not to cheer for her!
【Akito】Yeah, true.
【Toya】I agree. She really has been a great friend to us.
[Background Change] bg_g000201
[Sound] se00019
【KAITO】<Look at all the comments everybody left while watching the stream, MEIKO.>
【MEIKO】<Oh wow! So many comments...>
【Rin】<Whoa! There's too many to look at all at once!>
【Miku】<Yeah... Oh, “MEIKO's so pretty!” And... “Does she ever not look good in red?!”>
【MEIKO】<Really? That's so sweet of them! Please, feel free to keep posting more!>
[Sound] se00260
[Background Change] bg_c000201
【Kohane】Oh, I think I'll write one too!
【An】Great idea! Can you write one for me too, Kohane?
【Kohane】Sure!
【Toya】I have to think they're getting a party ready in SEKAI too.
【Akito】Yeah, we should probably head over once this stream's done.
【Akito】Wait, did you remember to get what you were talking about?
【An】You mean our frying pan fundraiser? Way ahead of you! We got that thing ages ago!
【Kohane】I hope she likes it since she's been saying how her current one's been developing some burnt spots.
【Toya】Right. It's the same one Ken likes to use, so I'm sure we made a good choice...
【An】But it's hard not to feel anxious when you're about to give a gift to someone.
[Background Change] bg_g000201
[Sound] se00251
[Background Change] bg_c000201
【Toya】That was a great show...
【Akito】Yeah, but the party hasn't even gotten started for us.
【An】Right! So, shall we?
【Kohane】Yeah! Let's give MEIKO the best celebration we can today!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000201
[Caption] VIRTUAL SINGER Stage
[Sound] se00019
【Miku】Thank you all so much for coming to see MEIKO's anniversary show!
[Sound] se00019
【Rin】Thanks to all of you watching the stream too!
【Luka】Now, let's get today's star on the stage so we can get this show started.
【KAITO】Sounds like a plan! Everyone, are you ready?!
[Sound] se00211
【Len】Alright, let's start the countdown!
【Miku & Audience】Ten!
【Rin & Audience】Nine!
【Len & Audience】Eight!
【Luka & Audience】Seven!
【KAITO & Audience】Six!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Everyone】Five!! Four!! Three!! Two!! One!!
【Everyone】Zero!!
【Miku】Happy anniversary, MEIKO!!
[Sound] se00235
[Sound] bgm00089
[Sound] se00019
【MEIKO】Hello, everyone in the audience! And hello to everyone watching the stream!
【MEIKO】Thank you for coming to my anniversary show!
【MEIKO】I'd like to start with this song...!
[Sound] se00019
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【MEIKO】Thank you all again for coming to see my anniversary show...
[Sound] se00019
【KAITO】Look at all the comments everybody left while watching the stream, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Oh wow! So many comments...
【Rin】Whoa! There's too many to look at all at once!
【Miku】Yeah... Oh, “MEIKO's so pretty!” And... “Does she ever not look good in red?!”
【MEIKO】Really? That's so sweet of them! Please, feel free to keep posting more!
[Sound] se00260
【MEIKO】Since it's my anniversary today, I'd like to show everyone just how much I've grown.
[Sound] se00019
【KAITO】Haha. Are you sure people won't get the wrong idea?
【Luka】Oh... Did you hear that, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Yes, I certainly did.
【MEIKO】The wrong idea? I hope you're not insinuating anything about my weight.
【MEIKO】I mean, look at how I'm dressed.
[Sound] se00211
【Miku】Hehe. Things are really starting to heat up here, so shall we move on to our next song?
【MEIKO】Sure! Next, we'll be doing two songs back to back!
【Rin】We'll start with a really cool one and follow it up with something a little more mature!
【Miku】Right. I'm sure everyone will be excited to hear a lady like you sing that one, MEIKO.
【Luka】I agree. They might just fall head over heels for you.
【MEIKO】H-Hold on, you guys...! All these expectations are starting to make me nervous...
【MEIKO】But I appreciate the thought, so again, I'd like to show everyone just how much I've grown.
【MEIKO】So without further ado!
【MEIKO】Here we go!
[Sound] se00019
【Len】That was so much fun!
【Rin】Yeah! How about you guys? Did you have fun too?
[Sound] se00019
【MEIKO】Hehe. Thank you all so much! This wouldn't have been possible without you!
【MEIKO】But sadly, this will be our last song...
【KAITO】Oh, before you do that, there's something we need to do.
【MEIKO】Huh?
【Miku】Hehe. We've prepared some pre-finale messages for you as a little surprise.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000018
[Sound] song00010_off_s
【Miku】Happy anniversary, MEIKO. Your voice always finds a way to cheer me up and give me courage.
【Miku】And you've done so much for me outside of shows, so please feel free to ask me for help if you ever need it.
【Rin】Happy anniversary, MEIKO!
【Rin】I love shows so much! Everything from the way you interact with everyone to your great reactions!
【Rin】Hehe. I'm really looking forward to seeing more!
【Len】Thanks for helping Rin and I come up with ideas and trying them out!
【Len】If possible, I'd like to pay you back somehow by helping you out in the same way.
【Len】So if you ever want to try out any new ideas, I'll be happy to help!
【Luka】Happy anniversary, MEIKO. Your strength is always so inspiring since you overcome obstacles so easily.
【Luka】I hope you'll keep being the big sister I can rely on♪
【KAITO】Doing an anniversary show like this with you, MEIKO, just makes me so happy.
【KAITO】Not only are you always incredibly cheerful, you're also very thoughtful of others. I'm sure that's why everyone is here celebrating with you today.
【KAITO】So I hope you'll keep being the wonderful person you are.
[Background Change] bg_g000201
【Miku】Alright, everybody, one last time...
【Miku】One, two...!
【Everyone】Happy anniversary, MEIKO!
[Sound] se00235
【MEIKO】...!
【MEIKO】I... I don't know what to say... I might need a moment before I sing...
【MEIKO】Miku, all of you... Thank you so much!
[Sound] se00211
【MEIKO】I'll always be there for you! I'm happy to help whenever you need me!
【Miku】*Nod*
【MEIKO】Thank you again for today, everyone!
【MEIKO】I promise to make this year a good one and plan to sing as much as I can.
【MEIKO】And I'll start by singing a song that shows just how happy I feel right now...!
【MEIKO】I hope you enjoy the show and don't forget to stick around until the end!
[Sound] se00251
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Sound] se00301
【???】Oh, a guest... A rare occurrence indeed.
【???】Hmm... I see...
【???】You must be an Irregular.
【Banica】Nice to make your acquaintance. My name is Banica. Banica Conchita.
[Sound] bgm00104
【Banica】There must be some meaning behind us meeting “here”. Hehe. Oh, where are my manners? I forgot to serve you...
【Banica】Alas... The chef and any food for that matter are all gone.
【Banica】..
【Banica】My apologies. Pity, the “Very Amazing Octopus” would have made for a nice conversation piece too.
【Banica】Oh, I know...!
【Banica】We may not be able to actually eat anything right now, but how about we speak a little more about “eating”?
【Banica】I have tasted many things in my time, so I am certain that this will tickle your fancy♥
【Banica】Oh, willing to listen are we? Hehe. Thank you.
【Banica】Now then... For our appetizer, let us begin with a story from my childhood.
[Sound] se00053
【Little Banica】I'm done. I don't want any more.
【Mother】No, you must finish everything on your plate...
【Little Banica】But...
【Mother】Eat it!! Now, open your mouth!!
【Little Banica】No! Please, Mother, stop...!!
【Mother】I have to suffer so much! And yet, you...!! Why not you...?!
[Background Change] bg_i000105
【Banica】I was never truly free as a child. I was forced to eat and eat and eat...
【Banica】It all had to do with Gula Illness. Although, I was spared from it then...
【Banica】Oh, have you ever heard of the Gula Illness?
[Background Change] bg_i000107
【Banica】It is a disease that one catches from the glass inhabited by the Demon of Gluttony. It may in fact be more appropriate to call it a curse...
【Banica】This curse causes its sufferer to become overwhelmed by an insatiable “desire to eat”.
【Banica】They usually end up dying after they begin consuming objects that normal humans cannot digest, including rocks and scissors.
【Banica】In order to keep that “desire to eat” at bay, one's stomach must be in a constant state of being full.
【Banica】There is no time to enjoy how anything tastes. You are to devour and consume if you wish to live.
【Banica】Mostly everyone in my manor succumbed to it, including my own mother...
[Background Change] bg_a000000
【Banica】Hehe. Was that a little too strong of an appetizer?
【Banica】Next, a palette cleanser. How does a story about my first love sound?
【Banica】Despite how I look, I was once the daughter of a Duke of the Beelzenian Empire, and was even betrothed to the prince of a neighboring land.
【Banica】My blue-haired prince, Carlos...
【Banica】We spent time so much time visiting the city and discussing food. It was quite fun.
【Banica】However, our engagement would ultimately be for naught...
【Banica】Even so, I could still enjoy “eating”.
[Background Change] bg_i000108
【Banica】I was free to choose whatever I wished to eat. Not just to live, but to enjoy the very ingredients these foods were made from...
【Banica】And I wished to have my fellow countrymen feel that same joy, be they nobles or commoners...
【Banica】When my engagement was dissolved, as well as after my father died, I immersed myself in food.
【Banica】For a time, I was able to fill the hole in my heart by filling my stomach with the most delicious foods imaginable...
[Background Change] bg_a000000
【Banica】Hehe. That may very well be why that demon began whispering to me...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_i000105
【Banica】*Huff*... *Huff*...
[Sound] bgm00021
【Banica】(Why is it so hard to breathe...?)
【Banica】(My body feels... So heavy...)
【Banica】(The doctor said, “Your organs are having a negative reaction to overeating”....)
【Banica】(So maybe it would be prudent to eat a little less...)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Banica】(Huh? What was that...? This air feels strange...)
【???】Without “food”, what would you have left...?
【Banica】Huh?! Wh-Who's there...?!
【???】“Demon” is what they call me in your tongue.
【Demon】At this rate, Banica, in six-months time, you will be dead.
[Sound] bgm00022
【Banica】Would that be because of overeating...?
【Banica】I have no issues with that. I have had the pleasure of traveling the world and enjoying nearly all of its culinary delights.
【Demon】No, you do not even know half of what is truly considered “food”...
【Demon】Are you not curious? There is a whole world of new and astounding “foods” out there that you have yet to see...
【Demon】Pledge yourself to me and I may even be able to release you from your current fate.
【Banica】..
【Banica】A deal with the devil, is it...? With the same demon that took the lives of everybody from my manor, including my mother...
【Banica】I refuse... I have no desire to make a deal with the likes of you.
【Demon】So be it. But allow me to leave a little parting gift...
[Background Change] bg_i000107
【Demon】This glass contains a part of my own self, but it also houses what you seek...
[Background Change] bg_i000105
【Banica】What I seek...?
【Demon】Drink from it and our contract will be finalized.
【Demon】So I ask again, Banica Conchita...
【Demon】Without “food”, what would you have left...?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Banica】What did it mean...?
【Banica】A world of new “foods”...?
【Banica】(Is it even possible? Are there actually “foods” that are yet to grace my tongue...?)
【Banica】(I have traveled far and wide. Even to lands currently waging wars. I ate everything I could in these places...)
【Banica】No, there is one thing I missed...
【Banica】The legendary red pig, “Baemu”. I could not find it despite searching the world over...
【Banica】That demon's gift. Could it be...?
[Background Change] bg_i000107
【Banica】A deep red. Almost to the point of being black. Not only that, I smell a tinge of iron...
[Sound] bgm00070
【Banica】I-Is this the blood of the Baemu...?!
[Background Change] bg_i000105
【Banica】..
【Banica】No, if I drink this...
【Banica】I... I...
【Banica】..
【Banica】(My love of “food”...)
【Banica】(Indeed, without “food”, what would I have left...?)
[Sound] se00298
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000000
【Banica】Ah, the nostalgia. A tasty tale, was it not...?
【Banica】Hehe. And I still have many more stories to tell.
【Banica】My next one will be about eating something so delicious that it brought tears to my eyes.
【Banica】Hehe...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000000
【Banica】Now, shall we continue with our “meal”?
【Banica】Oh, where are my manners...? Look at me, doing all of the talking.
【Banica】Hehe. But allow me to tell you all about this pair of twin servants, as well as a certain cook. I promise not to disappoint♥
【Banica】Let us begin with the twins, Arte and Pollo...
[Background Change] bg_i000109
【Banica】The girl, Arte, had a habit of declaring war on anything she disliked, but was a very capable servant and cook.
[Background Change] bg_i000110
【Banica】The boy, Pollo, was much simpler and struggled to learn courtly manners, but had a much milder personality compared to his sister.
[Background Change] bg_a000000
【Banica】They had been by my side since I was born, but they curiously never really aged as time went on.
【Banica】They ate very well too. Almost as much as I did. Strange, is it not...?
【Banica】And I must not forget Josef the cook...
【Banica】It was quite delightful having all of us living in my manor together...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_i000105
[Sound] bgm00108
[Caption] Banica's Room
【Banica】A parasite-sausage dish...? You added this to tonight's menu?
【Josef】Y-Yes... You mentioned how it was far too bland last time, so I decided to make a few changes...
【Josef】Bugs don't maintain their flavor well. To compensate, I made a sauce out of the shells of some poisonous bugs that I had to painstakingly peel off and grind up...
【Banica】I have eaten quite a few poisonous bugs in my time, but a powder made out of their shells is indeed a new one...
【Banica】Nicely done, Josef♥ I expect nothing less from such a great cook. Please, add it to tonight's menu.
【Josef】Th-Thank you very much. If you'll excuse me, I need to go back to preparing.
[Sound] se00097
[Sound] se00043
【Banica】Hehe. I simply cannot wait for dinner tonight...
【Josef's Voice】Wah?! Ow!!
[Sound] se00051
【Josef's Voice】Arrgh! What's a banana peel doing out here...?
【Pollo's Voice】Hehehe.
[Sound] se00253
【Arte's Voice】You fell for it again!! What an idiot!
[Sound] se00253
【Banica】Ah, them again...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000000
【Banica】Everything Josef made was so unique and delicious...
[Sound] bgm00104
【Banica】Then, he gave me the greatest spice I could ask for...
【Banica】Love...
【Banica】I was blind to it at first, but I would soon realize that he was the one. My old flame.
【Banica】He came to me and...
【Banica】Ah, I will never forget...
[Background Change] bg_i000105
【Banica】That night we spent together, as well as when we shared a meal while in my room...
【Banica】Because of my deal with that demon, a sort of euphoric sensation came over me after tasting his poisoned soup.
【Banica】But my lover, Carlos, had some as well, so that we could die together...
【Banica】Unfortunately, my contract prevented me from dying, while he soon passed away.
【Banica】But he left me the greatest ingredient of all.
【Banica】Himself! My “lover”...!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000000
【Banica】Ahh... Ahhhh...
【Banica】Mmm... That was astounding...
【Banica】Delicious beyond belief...
【Banica】My “lover”. The only one in this entire world, and my sole opportunity to truly enjoy him...!
【Banica】...
【Banica】I would like for you to feel even just a fraction of the delight I felt that time...
【Banica】Ah...
【Banica】“They” may have been quite tasty as well...
【Banica】Hehe. Oh, not Arte and Pollo. There is no denying that they were very good.
【Banica】But before I knew it, there was nobody left in my manor except for me, my empty stomach and...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_i000105
[Sound] se00299
【Banica】There, there... You can rest a while here.
【Banica】So precious...
【Banica】(Our baby... Seeing you sleep always warms my heart...)
【Banica】(And my stomach could not be emptier...)
【Demon】You must consume this child or face death...
[Sound] bgm00106
【Banica】Ah, “demon”, long time no see.
【Demon】Your powers have weakened.
【Banica】Oh, is that so?
【Demon】Yes. You must consume this child to save yourself. You must hurry...
【Banica】...
【Baby】Zzz...
【Banica】I refuse...
【Demon】What?! Why?!
【Banica】I cannot explain why.
【Demon】You will die if you do not!
【Banica】Again, I refuse.
【Demon】Are these your emotions talking...?
【Demon】Now, eat! Without “food”, what would you have left?!
【Banica】I said, “No.”
【Demon】Eat! Devour! Consume!!
【Banica】I! Will! Not!!
【Demon】No, you must eat! Nothing else in this world will sate your lust for food!
【Banica】...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Banica】Are you sure about that?
【Banica】I see something just as good... Right in front of me.
【Demon】What...?! N-No...!
【Banica】Now then...
【Demon】Do not be a fool! Stop! No!!
【Banica】I will consume myself. Along with you, “demon”...
【Demon】N-Nooo!!
【Banica】Hehe. I simply cannot wait to see how you taste♥
[Background Change] bg_a000000
【Banica】That will be it for today's “meal”...
[Sound] bgm00070
【Banica】I'm glad to see that you enjoyed everything as well.
【Banica】Oh, are you wondering how I am still here even after I devoured myself...?
【Banica】It really is quite strange, no?
【Banica】By the way... My stomach is grumbling...
【Banica】Hehe. I suppose anyone would feel hungry after hearing these kinds of stories.
【Banica】So...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00301
【Banica】How would you feel about hearing another story of the like?
【Banica】Hehe. Do not worry, satisfaction is guaranteed♥
【Banica】Hehehe...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Miku & MEIKO】A-America...?!
【Tsukasa】Yes, Mr. Riley personally invited us to come and visit his park.
【Emu】Yup♪ And we're gonna learn all about what makes it such a fun place☆
【KAITO】I see. That's wonderful!
【MEIKO】It really is! I mean, America... As in the U.S.A!
【Rui】The United States of America indeed...
【Rui】The land of the free that's also known as the melting pot of the world.
【Rin】That's so cool! But isn't it really, really far away?
【Len】Yeah! There's a big ocean between here and there. It's not like you can swim to get there, right?
【Nene】Yeah, swimming's not really an option... We have a long flight ahead of us as it is.
【Emu】Yup. It's so far away that we go back in time a day on the way there, and we jump ahead a day on our way back!
【Miku】What?! You're gonna go backwards and forwards by a day?!
【Emu】Yeah! I was surprised too when my big brothers first told me!
【Rin】I-Is it some kind of magic? Are you sure the “S” doesn't stand for “Sorcery”?
【KAITO】Ah, well...
【MEIKO】She could be right. I mean, it's sunny over where when it's night over here, right?
【Rin & Len】Yeah!
【KAITO】MEIKO... Please try not to get the wrong idea.
【Tsukasa】As far as I can tell, she's just having a little fun with this.
【MEIKO】Oh, too easy?
【Nene】Anyway... There's no magic or sorcery involved, Rin, Len. It's because we have to cross the “International Date Line” to get there...
【Emu】Oh, we should tell Luka about our trip too.
【MEIKO】Ah, Luka's probably asleep right now, so I'll be sure to tell her later♪
【MEIKO】I'm sure you all still have lots of packing to do. We wouldn't want any of you to forget anything, so don't let us keep you up!
【KAITO】Yes, I agree. You can always let us know later once you're all settled.
【Tsukasa】Alright, later it is!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【MEIKO】So Tsukasa and the others will be going a long way overseas to visit Riley Dream Park...♪
[Sound] bgm00018
【Miku, Rin & Len】Yay♪
【Luka】Zzz... Yay... Mhm...
【MEIKO】Were you listening at all, Luka?
【Luka】Yes. A fun visit... To sheep land...
【MEIKO】You mean, dreamland?! Not the United States?!
【KAITO】Also, this is more business than pleasure from what I understand.
【KAITO】But we were talking about seeing what this theme park is like if we do get a chance, Luka.
【Luka】Oh, that sounds fun.
【KAITO】It certainly does. However, we'll still need to make sure that they get to learn as much as they can.
【KAITO】Does that sound alright with everyone?
【Everyone】Yeah♪
【Miku】I can't wait to fly on an airplane☆
【Rin】Me too! Me too! I really wanna see what's outside the window while they're flying♪
【Len】Yeah, I can't wait to see what everything's like from way above the clouds!
【Luka】Hm... The clouds...?
【Luka】Hehe. They sound so nice and fluffy...
【MEIKO】Oh, Luka, you can't sleep on... Nevermind...
【KAITO】Unfortunately...
【KAITO】Emu's brothers are going to be with them during their flight, so we may not be able to join them on the plane.
【Len】Oh... That's too bad...
【Rin】Aww, I was really looking forward to seeing the sky from up there.
【KAITO】Ah, well...
【MEIKO】Hey, we can always ride the flying train, so let's turn that frown upside down!
【MEIKO】All we have to do is to ask it to go a little higher than normal, and it'll be just like we're flying on an airplane♪
【Len】Y-Yeah, you're right!
【Miku】Wow☆ Great idea, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】Isn't it?
【KAITO】Nice save, MEIKO. Thank you.
【MEIKO】It's okay. I was just making up for teasing them about that other thing earlier.
【Luka】Hehe. The first sights we see really could be of the United States by the time we're notified.
【MEIKO】Very true! We have it easy by contrast since we don't have to worry about any luggage♪
【Miku】Oh no! I was thinking about which snacks we should take on our flight...
【Miku】But does this mean they won't be necessary?
【Len】No, I still want snacks...
【KAITO】Then, why don't we take some on the train to better simulate our in-flight experience?
【Rin】Yeah, that'd be perfect!
【Luka】I'd like that as well. I'll even be able to have some while napping on a comfy cloud.
【MEIKO】Again, clouds over there don't really work like that! Also, where are your manners?
【Everyone】Haha.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【MEIKO】Alright, everyone, we're going to start handing out the gifts that Tsukasa and the others brought back for us♪
【KAITO】Plushies, if you'll please form an orderly line.
【Plushies】Okay!
[Sound] se00182
【Doggie Plushie】Hehe. I want some snacks, so I'll take these!
【Kitty Plushie】I'll take... This bandana.
【MEIKO】Sure, let me tie that on for you♪ Stay still for a second...
[Sound] se00055
【MEIKO】Oh, our doggie friend here has one around its neck too. You two could match...
【MEIKO】I know! Why don't I tie yours the same way?
【Kitty Plushie】Yeah! Thanks, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】And... All done♪
【Doggie Plushie】Hey, that looks pretty good on you.
【Kitty Plushie】It does? Thanks!
【KAITO】Phew... I believe that's everything.
【Luka】Yes, we had just enough for everyone...
【MEIKO】Says the person who was dozing off part way through.
【MEIKO】Still, America was much more fun than I anticipated.
【Luka】Hehe. We did get to see quite a bit of that park.
【MEIKO】Yes, we did! The show we saw was absolutely breathtaking, while all the rides and attractions let you dive into their own individual stories or worlds♪
【KAITO】Not only that, Tsukasa and the others seemed to also make some profound realizations.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d001101
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【MEIKO】Yes, Emu especially...
【MEIKO】She knows what she carries now. She understands just how “important” she is to everyone else around her.
[Sound] bgm00039
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d001901
【Emu】I've decided to hang on to my dreams while learning to balance them with reality!
【Emu】If my dreams ever start getting too big, I promise to take a step back to see if it's really possible...
【Emu】And if I start putting down my own ideas too much, I'll just crawl into bed and come up with more while I'm asleep...!
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【KAITO】Yes, I'm so glad for her.
【Luka】But balancing your dreams with reality seems so hard.
【Luka】I'd say I'm dreaming for twenty and in reality for four.
【MEIKO】Twenty and four...?
【KAITO】Ah... Do you mean that you're asleep for twenty hours a day but awake for four?
【Luka】Correct, KAITO.
【MEIKO】This isn't quiz time! Sloths and pandas live more active lives than you!
【KAITO】Haha...
【KAITO】But Luka's right in saying that it's challenging to balance your dreams with reality.
【MEIKO】True...
【MEIKO】Still, I want them to dream big and as much as possible.
【MEIKO】My favorite part about them is how they're so happy-go-lucky in terms of what kinds of shows they do and how they present them♪
【MEIKO】I feel really happy whenever they just get to be themselves!
【Luka】Hehe. You're usually pretty hands-on when it comes to motivating everyone, but it's nice seeing you sit back and watch like this from time to time.
【MEIKO】Oh? Is that so?
【KAITO】Yes. When you were handing out gifts to the plushies just now, you had this incredibly warm and gentle expression on your face.
【KAITO】On top of that, you were the one who first realized that there was a child in distress while we were in the U.S.
【MEIKO】Oh, that?
【MEIKO】That caught my attention because it seemed odd that someone was crying in a place that's supposed to be full of smiles and laughter.
【MEIKO】It could also be that my ears are more sensitive to those kinds of sounds because this SEKAI's filled with so much joy.
【KAITO】I see.
【Luka】Hmm... In that case...
【Luka】Waahhh... Waahhh...
【MEIKO】Uh, Luka?
【Luka】Waahhh. I'm so sleepy...
【Luka】*Sob* Where could MEIKO be...? Her lap would make the perfect pillow right now.
【KAITO】Hehe. So she says, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Wh-What do you want me to say? You expect me to take care of a big baby like her?
【Luka】*Sob*  MEIKO...
【MEIKO】Oh, you... Fine. Just for a little while, alright?
【Luka】Hehe. Thank you♪ I'll be able have some wonderful dreams now.
【MEIKO】Is that what you actually meant by what you said earlier?
【KAITO】Haha.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【Kohane】And this is that photo...
【MEIKO】Kohane, An, thank you for waiting. Here's your cafe au lait with cream and honey, and your milk tea.
[Sound] se00059
【Kohane】Thank you, MEIKO.
【An】Mmm... It's like you always know how to make the tea you brew have this great aroma, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I'm glad you like it so much.
【MEIKO】Rin, would you like some more juice?
【Rin】No, I'm okay! More importantly, MEIKO, you should look at this photo.
【MEIKO】What photo?
【Kohane】Oh, it's this photo... It's the cherry blossom tree in the park where we usually practice.
[Sound] se00183
【MEIKO】Look at that. You can see some little, pink buds. They're so cute.
【MEIKO】(I guess that means it's almost spring.)
【An】Cherry blossoms in other places have already started blooming, so this one should follow suit pretty soon.
【Rin】Cherry blossoms sound so nice. I wish we could get a taste of spring like you guys.
【MEIKO】Hmm... A taste of spring, huh...?
【MEIKO】(In that case...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00020
【Rin】MEIKO, I'm done cleaning the cups and saucers.
【MEIKO】Thank you, Rin. I appreciate the help.
【Rin】Hehe. You're welcome! Is that all for today?
【MEIKO】Yes, I'll be using the rest of this time to come up with new menu items.
【Rin】What?! New menu items?!
【MEIKO】Hehe. That's right.
【MEIKO】I thought it'd be nice to make some pink drinks and such based on the cherry blossom buds we saw in that photo.
【MEIKO】And remember what you said, Rin? Don't you want to get a taste of spring?
【Rin】I do! Oh, can I help come up with ideas for your menu?
【MEIKO】Of course! I was actually going to ask you the same thing.
【Rin】Yay! Thank you so much, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】It's my pleasure. Why don't we start by brainstorming together?
【Rin】Okay!
【MEIKO】Alright, that should be more than enough.
【Rin】We came up with so many! Hot sandwiches that look like cherry blossom petals, pink crepes and a cherry blossom chiffon cake!
【MEIKO】Hehe. We should keep cherry blossom pancakes in mind for Akito too.
【MEIKO】As for drinks... It's starting to warm back up but it still feels dry out...
【MEIKO】Kohane and the others usually like to stop by after practice, so why don't we put the drink menu together first?
【Rin】Okay! They gotta be pink since it's gonna be all about cherry blossoms!
【MEIKO】Yes, I agree. We could try using strawberry syrup in a slightly clever way to give our drinks that pink tone.
【Rin】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【Rin】MEIKO, look! This is all nice and pink now!
【MEIKO】Hey, look at that. Let's give it a taste...
【MEIKO】Oh, so close! The strawberry flavor's still too overpowering.
【Rin】You think so too? Alright, we'll just have to cut back on the syrup somehow.
【MEIKO】Okay, here's our second new menu item. A cherry blossom smoothie.
[Sound] se00059
【Rin】Oh wow! The whipped cream on top even looks kinda pink!
【Rin】Let's give it a taste!
【MEIKO】How is it...? I tried suppressing the sweetness a bit to smoothen out how it tastes...
【Rin】This is so good! But personally, I think the whipped cream should be a little sweeter.
【MEIKO】Alright, I'll try making the next batch a little sweeter.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
【Rin】Wow... My mouth tastes so sugary now...
【MEIKO】Hehe. Let me pour you a nice palette cleanser.
【Rin】Okay. Thanks, MEIKO.
【Rin】Do you always have to eat and drink this much to come up with new menu items?
【MEIKO】Yes. Why do you ask?
【Rin】I remember this process being really tough the other time I helped you.
【Rin】Getting to try everything is nice, but it all starts to taste the same after a while on top of my tummy getting full.
【MEIKO】Hehe. Some of my experiments will fail completely, but I still have to take responsibility and eat them. For example, pancakes that don't end up tasting very good.
【Rin】That can't be easy. How are you able to keep coming up with new things for your menu...?
【MEIKO】Because there's nothing better than seeing everyone trying my new creations and saying, “This is delicious!”
【Rin】Wait, that's all it takes...?
【MEIKO】Yes, that's all it takes. I became hooked after my first few attempts.
【Rin】Haha! Then, I hope the others say the same for what we're making right now.
【MEIKO】Me too. But we still have to keep trying for that to happen.
【MEIKO】And here's your palette cleanser. Let's get right back to it after we've had a chance to rest.
[Sound] se00059
【Rin】Okay! I'm gonna do my best too!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【MEIKO】Alright, here you are. A cherry blossom smoothie and a cherry blossom latte.
[Sound] se00059
【Kohane】Thank you very much, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】And here's your guys' order, Akito. Cherry blossom pancakes, cherry blossom cookies and my house blend.
[Sound] se00314
【Akito】Perfect. Thank you.
【Miku】Luka and KAITO are asking for seconds, MEIKO.
【Luka】Also, I'd love to try some of those pancakes!
【MEIKO】Sure thing. Just give me a minute.
【Rin】Looks like your cherry blossom stuff's a big hit, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】Yes, it's nice to see that.
【MEIKO】(This was what I was hoping to see. Their smiles.)
【MEIKO】How do you feel after seeing everyone smile like this, Rin?
【Rin】Hehe. Waaay too good! Now I kinda see why you're so hooked on this feeling, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】Oh, that reminds me. There's something I've been meaning to ask all of you.
【An】Huh? Ask us, MEIKO?
【Toya】Did you come up with more new menu items?
【MEIKO】No, it's not that. I'm wondering how you all feel about this cafe's interior.
【MEIKO】We went through the trouble of coming up with cherry blossom-themed menu items, so I thought it'd be nice to make the cafe feel more springlike.
【Len】More springlike...?
【Miku】What if you put some cherry blossoms or other spring flowers on display?
【Luka】That sounds lovely! You could make the whole cafe bloom!
【Luka】I know! How about raining flower petals?
【Toya】I just happen to know someone with a device that can make that happen...
【Akito】Hold up. Raining flower petals sounds like a bit much, don't you think?
【MEIKO】I agree... I wouldn't want any to fall into people's food or drinks...
【Luka】Aww, even if they're edible?
【MEIKO】I may consider it if you're willing to help me clean everything up afterwards, Luka.
【Luka】Guh... I wasn't thinking that far ahead.
【MEIKO】Oh you...
【Kohane】Um, what if you used cups, saucers and placemats with flower petal designs? Wouldn't that be nice and cute?
【An】Yeah, you could brighten up the place just by having matching tableware and stuff.
【MEIKO】Oh, that does sound nice. There are these cups and placemats that I've been meaning to use too.
【KAITO】I'd like to come up with some background music that makes it feel like spring's arrived.
【KAITO】Mind if I try creating a mix for your cafe, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Yes, be my guest. If anything, I should be the one asking you to do this.
【KAITO】Ah, wonderful. I promise to do my best.
【Miku】This is great, MEIKO. Everyone's coming up with so many ideas.
【MEIKO】It really is! Why don't we set aside a day to remodel this place together?
【Rin & Len】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] Remodeling day
【MEIKO】Thank you for taking the time to join me here today. Let's all do our best to give this place the spring makeover it deserves.
【Kohane & An】Yeah!
【Rin】Hehe. I'm gonna do everything I can since you're always there for me, MEIKO!
【Len】Me too!
【Luka】Me three♪ Also, what are we supposed to be doing?
【Len】You really don't remember, Luka?!
【Rin】We're in charge of making the paper flowers!
【Miku】That's right. Here, look at these.
【Luka】What are these? Square fans? No, that doesn't seem right. We're supposed to turn these into flowers?
【Kohane】Wow! Look at these placemats! They're adorable!
【MEIKO】I know, right? I shied away from using them until now because I was afraid they'd clash with the cafe's vibe...
【An】But we're decorating the place with flowers now, so these placemats should go great alongside them.
【MEIKO】Yes. While we're at it, let's also take a look at the cups and saucers.
【KAITO】That's about how it goes. What do you think after hearing it all the way through?
【Akito】I can't believe you went with a full spring mix. I was expecting it to sound jazzier or something, you know?
【KAITO】I thought about doing that as well, but this just burst into my head when I began thinking about animals hibernating in winter...!
【Akito】Huh? Animals hibernating in winter?
【KAITO】Yes! It opens with a piano solo for that very reason.
【KAITO】Just think about it. What do animals do when they wake from such a long slumber?
【Toya】I see. It begins with a piano solo, but more and more instruments get added to the mix as time progresses to show that these animals are finally awake.
【Akito】Oh, now it makes sense.
【Akito】I usually expect your mixes to start off with a big bang, so this gradual growth in sound sort of felt new to me.
【Toya】I agree. But what he's come up with seems much more suited for a cafe, no?
【Akito】Yeah, I get what you mean. It has presence but it's not in your face about it.
【KAITO】Thank goodness! I was worried about how it'd turn out after doing some experimenting, but it was worth the risk.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【An】Okay, we'll start setting the tables using these placemats and cups!
【MEIKO】Yes, thank you.
【MEIKO】(They all seem to be enjoying themselves.)
【MEIKO】(I hesitated to put up a lot of decorations since this place has such a simple interior...)
【MEIKO】(But I want this place to feel welcoming and make it so everyone can talk about what's on their mind...)
【MEIKO】(Giving it a brighter and warmer look may actually help with achieving that goal.)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_f000904
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【MEIKO】(And that SEKAI... That tree... It glistened with everyone's thoughts and feelings.)
【MEIKO】(I want to keep doing what I can to make sure they keep shining for as long as possible...)
【Kohane】MEIKO, we're done setting the tables!
【MEIKO】Thank you both very much! I'll be right there.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【Toya】Thank you very much for the delicious lunch and coffee, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Oh, I'm glad you enjoyed it. Good luck with practice.
【Kohane & An】Thank you!
[Sound] se00006
【MEIKO】Hehe. They seemed to have no problem getting through all the colorful veggies I included in the special lunch.
【MEIKO】(Although, tomatoes and carrots would've gone a long way in terms of balancing out the colors...)
【MEIKO】(At the same time, it'd be pretty mean of me to include them since I know certain people would rather not have those things.)
[Sound] se00166
[Sound] se00006
【MEIKO】Oh, Miku, welcome.
【Miku】Hm? I thought Kohane and the others would be here. Did I just miss them...?
【MEIKO】Yes, they went off to practice just a moment ago.
【Miku】Okay...
【MEIKO】But since you're here, would you like some coffee?
【Miku】Yes, that sounds nice. I'll take a cafe au lait.
【MEIKO】You got it.
【MEIKO】By the way, An and Kohane are supposed to work as models tomorrow.
【Miku】As models?
【MEIKO】Yes. An's playing a bride with Kohane supporting her as a bridesmaid.
【Miku】Oh, An's the bride? What kind of dress do you think she's going to wear?
【MEIKO】Hehe. I knew you'd be curious. So, I asked them to bring by some pictures once they're ready.
【Miku】Good call.
【MEIKO】However, one thing is bugging me...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【An】A long time ago, I saw an actual bride on Vivid Street...
【An】Like you, MEIKO! She seemed so beautiful, mature and collected!
【An】I'm reminded every time of that moment when I think about what a bride is... I don't really fit the bill, do I?
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【Miku】Oh, she believes she doesn't fit the bill...?
【MEIKO】Yes. Speaking of which, Miku, what image comes to mind when you think about brides?
【Miku】Hm? Nothing all that specific... Someone who's dazzling and full of joy...?
【Miku】But I also think the individual matters quite a bit when it comes to “being a bride”.
【MEIKO】Right... I sure hope An doesn't take what she said too far...
【Miku】If you feel the need, why don't you visit them during the shoot tomorrow?
【MEIKO】But that means I'd have to close up shop...
【Miku】Don't worry. I'll keep things running while you're gone.
【MEIKO】Wait, Miku, you will?!
【Miku】Yes. Well, to be fair, I'll only be able to serve coffee and the sandwiches I've learned how to make.
【MEIKO】Th-Thank you, Miku. I really appreciate the offer...
【MEIKO】(But Miku using the kitchen knives all by herself... No, I can't go knowing that it could actually happen...!)
【Miku】Hmm... I guess just sandwiches and coffee wouldn't really count as keeping this place running, huh?
【MEIKO】That's not entirely true... However, I wouldn't want you getting hurt doing something you're not really used to...
【MEIKO】(Looks like my visit's a bit out of the question now.)
[Sound] se00006
【Rin】Hiya! We dropped by for a visit!
【MEIKO】Welcome, Rin. Oh...!
[Sound] bgm00000
【KAITO】MEIKO, can I get my usual...?
【MEIKO】KAITO! Perfect! There's something I need you to do for me!
[Sound] bgm00006
【KAITO】Hm? Me?
【MEIKO】Yes! You're the only person I can ask, KAITO!
【Miku】MEIKO and I were just talking about how she could make some time to visit An and Kohane tomorrow.
【Miku】And if it'd be okay for me to keep this place running in her stead...
【KAITO】Wait, Miku, you?! In charge?! Does that include serving the food...?
【Miku】Yes, but all I'd be able to serve is coffee and the sandwiches MEIKO taught me to make.
【KAITO】Are you sure about this, MEIKO?!
【MEIKO】I mean, I really appreciate Miku's offer... But I'd rather not see her get hurt by trying to do something she's not used to...
【Miku】But I really don't think you have to get so worried about me making some sandwiches.
【KAITO】Hold it right there! They're not just “some sandwiches” in this case!
【Miku】Oh, right. MEIKO does put a lot of thought into them, so it's wrong for me to devalue them in any way...
【KAITO】Huh? Um, yes! That's right! As long as you understand.
【MEIKO】So, KAITO... Would you mind keeping Miku company tomorrow while she keeps this place running?
【Miku】I'd prefer it if you were here as well.
【KAITO】Okay, understood... The two of us should be able to handle everything!
【MEIKO】Really?! Thank you so much, KAITO!
【Rin】KAITO's gonna be running things?! Len and I might have to stop by tomorrow to see that.
【KAITO】Wait, you're not going to help?
【Rin】I mean, what's the point of running a shop if you don't have any customers?
【KAITO】Haha. Point taken!
【MEIKO】Thank you for making such a kind offer, Miku.
【Miku】Don't mind me. I just ask that you be there for An and the others tomorrow.
【MEIKO】Yes, I promise to do just that.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【Luka】MEIKO, can I get a refill for my coffee?
【MEIKO】Yes, of course. Would you like some as well, Rin, Len?
【Rin】No, I'm okay!
【Len】I think I'll take a refill!
【KAITO】I can't wait to have some of that chocolate cake.
【MEIKO】Oh, you... Just give me a minute.
[Sound] se00097
【Miku】MEIKO, I'll take care of the empty cups. Why don't you get that cake ready?
【MEIKO】Okay. In that case, they're all yours.
【MEIKO】Alright, here you are! My special chocolate cake.
[Sound] se00314
【Rin & Luka】Woohoo!
【Len】So this is the chocolate cake Akito was talking about!
【KAITO】This is all I've been thinking about today! So, without further ado...
【MEIKO】Oh, KAITO, hang on. I have to repay you for keeping an eye on things for me.
【MEIKO】Here's some of my special rum raisin ice cream.
[Sound] se00314
【KAITO】Are you sure?! Yay!
【Rin】Good for you, KAITO.
【Luka】Wait, keeping an eye on things? What happened? I would've helped out if only I'd known about it...
【MEIKO】Oh, the thing is...
[Sound] se00006
【Kohane & An】Hello!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00020
【Luka】Really?! You and Kohane did some modeling together, An?
【An】Yes, we did. MEIKO even paid me a visit after I said that I wasn't all that confident about being a model.
【MEIKO】Oh? All I did was go over to see what you two looked like in dresses.
【MEIKO】And despite whatever troubles you were having, I'm glad you figured out how to just be yourself in the end.
【An】No, that was all because Shizuku and... I mean, the other people modeling with us helped me realize that I should just be me for the shoot...
【An】Singing with Kohane also helped solidify the image in my head of who I want to be.
【Kohane】I'm so glad that I was able to help An too.
【Kohane】So, thank you very much for suggesting that I do something for her that only I can!
【MEIKO】Hehe. You're very welcome.
【Rin】So what kind of pictures did you guys take? I really wanna see!
【An】Oh, we've got some right here! That's actually sort of why we stopped by!
[Sound] se00096
【Luka】Oh, An, you're so beautiful! And this dress looks amazing on you!
【An】Haha. The makeup artist really worked her magic for me.
【Rin】Totally. The same goes for you, Kohane. You look adorable!
【Kohane】R-Really? Thanks, Rin.
【KAITO】By the way, what did the entry for that photography contest look like?
【An】Oh, that one... Let's see... Here it is!
【KAITO】Hm? Is that a cat sitting on top of your skirt, An?
【An】Oh, that's Vivi, the cat that everyone on Vivid Street just absolutely adores...
【An】We found her stuck in a tree as she was about to fall and I managed to catch her using my dress.
【MEIKO】Which is why all of you seem so relieved in this photo. You were glad to see that this cat was safe.
【Len】Hang on. Weren't you guys supposed to be taking pictures of a wedding? I mean, you got all dressed up for one.
【An】We did, but this was chosen because it really captured the moment when “happiness brings everyone together”.
【Luka】Not only that, An, you literally jumped into these shrubs to save this cat. I'd expect no less from you.
【Kohane & An】Hehe. Haha.
【MEIKO】Happiness bringing everyone together, huh...?
【Miku】That explains why I felt so much warmth coming from the pictures you brought over for us to see.
【MEIKO】Yes, they were all incredibly wonderful.
【MEIKO】(And this warmth...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【An】Singing with Kohane also helped solidify the image in my head of who I want to be.
【Kohane】I'm so glad that I was able to help An too.
【Kohane】So, thank you very much for suggesting that I do something for her that only I can!
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【MEIKO】(It feels an awful lot like that sensation from a second ago.)
[Sound] se00006
【Akito】Hey.
【An】Oh, there you guys are!
【KAITO】Welcome! This spot's free.
【Toya】Thank you, KAITO.
【MEIKO】Will it be the usual, you two?
【Toya】Yes, please.
【Akito】Oh, I could actually go for a sandwich right now.
【MEIKO】Alright, coming right up.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a004702
[Caption] Coast
[Sound] se00368
[Sound] se00028
【MEIKO】<I was worried about what would happen for a second there, but I'm glad that they were able to find both food and water.>
【KAITO】<So am I. Emu in particular did a magnificent job of discovering a watering hole after just seeing some birds land in the bushes.>
【Rin】<All that's left for them is to whip up a delicious dinner♪>
【Len】<Yeah, I think I'm starting to get hungry!>
【Miku】<Oh, me too!>
【Tsukasa】Speaking of which, you've all been with us for most of the day. You should also find something to eat instead of just helping us.
【Miku】<Okay♪>
【Miku】<Oh, wanna go forage for food like the others are doing?>
【Len】<Yeah, that sounds fun! Let's go wake Luka up and see if we can find some wild mountain herbs!>
【Nene】Hang on... There aren't any mountains or anything in SEKAI, are there?
【MEIKO】<Hehe. If we can't find them, we can make one♪>
【Emu】Whoa! You're so cool, MEIKO!
【Rui】Hehe. If you can't find a mountain, make one, eh? I see that the scale of your ideas is as big as ever.
【KAITO】<Haha...>
【Emu】Oh, look! It's Robo-Nene!
【Robo-Nene】Welcome back, everyone.
【Emu】We're back, Robo-Nene!
【MEIKO】<Thank goodness we're back at base camp...>
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】<Hm? Is it just me or are things getting really dark all of a sudden...?>
【KAITO】<Uh oh... What if...?!>
[Background Change] bg_a000000
【MEIKO】Huh...?! W-Wait!
[Background Change] bg_d000402
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【MEIKO】What happened?! Why were we sent back just now?!
【KAITO】I have a feeling that the battery on Tsukasa's phone just ran out...
【Miku & Len】Whaaaaat?!
【Luka】*Yawn* Welcome back, everyone...
【Rin】Luka, this is the wrong time to be napping! The battery on Tsukasa's phone just ran out!
【Luka】Oh, really?
【Len】Are they gonna be okay?
【MEIKO】Well, they managed to find food and water, but they're likely going to be on that desert island for a while.
【MEIKO】Wait, I know! Why don't we set up our own camp just in case they need a place to take shelter?
【Rin】Set up our own camp...?
【MEIKO】Yes. We'll need to set up a camp big enough for five in case Emu's brother joins them♪
【Miku】Oh, that sounds fun!
【Len】Yeah! And we'll be helping Tsukasa and the others!
【Rin】Alright, I'm gonna do my best to help too!
【MEIKO】Okay, let's start gathering things that are edible in SEKAI and set up a sleeping area!
【KAITO】The mats we use during practices could work as substitute mattresses.
【MEIKO】Great idea! Let's split up and get gathering♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【Miku】Guys, look! I brought over some snacks that I'd been saving for later!
【Rin】KAITO, mind if I use this adorable fabric as a cover for the mats?
【KAITO】Oh, like sheets? That's a good idea. Thank you for doing that.
【Rin】Awesome! Luka, Len, let's get the mats ready together!
【Luka】Hehe. Okay...
【Len】Yeah!
【MEIKO】Our camp's coming along really nicely♪
【KAITO】Yes, it is.
【KAITO】...
【KAITO】I need to thank you, MEIKO...
【MEIKO】Oh? What's gotten into you all of a sudden?
【KAITO】Oh, it's just... Your suggestion to set up a camp made Miku and the others so enthusiastic, didn't it?
【KAITO】You seem to have a knack for coming up with the right idea when we need it most.
【KAITO】So... Thank you, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Hehe. You're welcome♪ But I believe I deserve a little more praise than that.
【MEIKO】I mean, I've already come up with some different uses for our camping gear in the event that Tsukasa and the others tell us that they don't need to take shelter here.
【KAITO】Oh, mind telling me more?
【MEIKO】Not now. You'll just have to wait to find out♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【MEIKO】Alright, I'm glad that our camp turned out so nice♪
【Miku】Yay☆
【KAITO】Great work, everyone.
【KAITO】Between the tarp we made from the stage curtains, the practice mats that we turned into beds and all this food, our camp looks spectacular.
【Rin】Doesn't it?
【Len】Oh, but... It's kinda too bad that we didn't have enough blankets to go around.
【Luka】Right. Not even after taking some from the bed I use for when I take naps throughout the day.
【MEIKO】Hehe. We should be fine then.
[Sound] se00182
【Plushies】MEIKO, thanks for waiting!
【Miku】Hm? Hey, it's the plushies!
【KAITO】Did you ask something of them, MEIKO? Mind explaining for us?
【Plushies】We can be the bedding!
【Plushies】Yeah! We're nice and fluffy, so we can lie down and become bedding for everyone!
【KAITO】I see... Yes, you'd certainly make for some nice bedding. If anything, you'd be warm and cozy.
【Luka】Yes, they would. I might just take a nap with them right now.
【Rin】Was this also your idea, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Yes, it was! I tried coming up with a workaround after Len mentioned that we may not have enough bedding!
【MEIKO】Now, we just need to see if Tsukasa and the others are okay...
【Miku】Oh...! Did you guys feel that just now?!
【MEIKO】Yes, I felt it too!
【Len】Yeah, me too! Does that mean...?
【MEIKO】Oh, our connection may be back!
【KAITO】Yes, it might be! Hello?! Tsukasa?! Everyone?!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
【MEIKO】Thank goodness they were able to call for help.
【KAITO】Not only that, they still get to do their show as ambassadors despite the change in schedule.
【Luka】Hehe. I'm so glad for them.
【Rin & Len】Same!
【Miku】But we won't be able to go see their show...
【Rin】There isn't a whole lot we can do about that since Emu and the others' phones are broken.
【KAITO】Luckily, we were able to connect to Tsukasa's phone...
【KAITO】But it sounded like the hologram feature wasn't working properly, so his phone may also need fixing.
【Miku】Oh no. Doesn't that mean we won't be able to see them until their phones get fixed...? That's so sad...
【MEIKO】We'll just have to be a bit patient. I'm sure they'll find a way to have them repaired in short order and visit us soon after.
【Len】Oh, hang on... What should we do about our camp?
【Rin】There's no need for them to take shelter here anymore, so I guess we have to pack everything up now...
【MEIKO】Not necessarily. We went through the trouble of setting all this up, so we should make use of it♪
【KAITO】Haha. Now I understand what you meant by finding a different use for our camp after realizing that they wouldn't need to take shelter here.
【Luka】That sounds lovely. I think I'll start by taking a little nap on one of the beds made out of practice mats.
【Len】Oh, me too!
【Rin】Yeah, me three!
【Miku】Hey, no fair! I wanna try it too!
【MEIKO】Haha! In that case, let's use everything we set up to have a little campout!
【Everyone】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000402
[Sound] bgm00006
【Miku】Plushies! Wanna be my bedding?!
【Plushies】Sure, just lie down on that bed for us! And... Here we go!
[Sound] se00182
【Len】Whoa! The plushies are dogpiling on top of Miku!
【Rin】No fair...
【Plushies】Len, Rin, do you two also wanna give it a try? There's still lots and lots of us, so we're ready whenever!
【Len】Really?! I wanna try!
【Plushies】Alright, here we go!
[Sound] se00182
【Rin】This is so amazing! I'm literally covered in plushies!
【Luka】They seem so nice and fluffy. I might just ask them to do that for me next.
【MEIKO】Oh, I'll go after that!
【Len】Haha. You guys, that tickles...
【KAITO】Hehe. This is turning into a fun and lively campout already.
【MEIKO】Yes, it is! It just goes to show that SEKAI needs to be full of smiles and laughter♪
【MEIKO】So, let's join in on the fun!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【MEIKO】Okay, let's call it a day. Please make sure to stretch on your own later.
【Airi】Sounds good. Nice work, everyone!
【Minori】Whew... Another exhausting day...
【Haruka】All the more reason to stretch well.
【Shizuku】She's right. It's important for us to take good care of our bodies.
【Minori】Definitely!
【Rin】Oh, Miku, Luka... I kinda want to keep working on that part we just did...
【Miku】Sure, of course. The part where we weren't quite in sync, right?
【Luka】Oh, that part bothered me as well.
【Luka】We'll be joining them to practice that part for a bit, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Okay, have fun♪
[Sound] se00170
【Len】Hey, KAITO. Maybe we should keep working on our part too.
【KAITO】Right. Then, why don't we follow suit and start with some fine-tuning.
【KAITO】What do you plan on doing, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Hmm... Well...
【Airi】Oh, MEIKO! Sorry, there's actually something I need to ask you...
【MEIKO】KAITO, I'll meet up with you guys after I talk to Airi.
【KAITO】Okay, see you then.
[Sound] se00170
【Airi】Sorry about this, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Hehe. It's okay. We were just about done practicing. What was it that you wanted to ask?
【Airi】I'm in the middle of coming up with ideas for our training camp and was hoping that you could tell me more about how you guys trained.
【Haruka】Oh, I'd like to hear as well.
【Minori】Me too! I've been practicing on my own in preparation for our solo show, so we can use what you guys did as reference!
【MEIKO】Oh, in that case, I'd be more than happy to explain!
【MEIKO】We started with some basic strength training drills, including sit-ups, push-ups, squats and some lat exercises.
【MEIKO】After that, we did some running and worked on increasing our lung capacity by blowing up balloons♪
【Minori】Eep...! Just hearing that is making my arms and legs sore!
【Airi】What happened to all that enthusiasm you had just a second ago, Minori?
【Minori】B-But... It's so much harder than what I was expecting to hear...
【Shizuku】By the way, how many sit-ups and such did you have everybody do?
【MEIKO】At least 100. And two sets of those if possible...
【Minori】A-At least 100?!
【Minori】If I did that, my abs would pop out and fly away somewhere!
【Airi】That's a bit hard to imagine, but it might be fun to see that happen in real life...
【Minori】What?!
【Haruka】Two sets if possible... That sounds pretty difficult.
【Shizuku】Yes, I think I can do 100, but two sets of those may be tough.
【Minori】Wait a second... Don't tell me you all can do 100 sit-ups...
【Haruka, Airi & Shizuku】Yes. Of course.
【Minori】Guh... About thirty's my limit...
【MEIKO】That's perfectly okay, Minori. There's no need to feel bad.
【MEIKO】I know 100 is a big number, but it's not actually about quantity.
【Minori】Huh?
【MEIKO】Hehe. The goal isn't to do 100 sit-ups.
【MEIKO】The goal is to work up the courage to push yourself to and beyond your limit.
【Minori】Courage...?
【MEIKO】Of course, it's important to complete the reps you set for yourself as you train.
【MEIKO】However, that doesn't mean you have to do everything on your first try. In time, as that courage within you grows, you'll be able to reach those numbers.
【MEIKO】So, your first goal will be to actually try pushing yourself to your limit.
【Minori】Okay...! Thank you, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】You're welcome♪
【MEIKO】Do you think you'll be able to apply this to your training camp, Airi?
【Airi】Yeah! Thanks a bunch, MEIKO!
【Airi】Not just for all these training ideas, but for your reasoning too!
【MEIKO】Hehe. I'm glad I could help.
【MEIKO】If there's anything else you need, please feel free to stop in and ask.
【Airi】Really? Then, I might just take you up on that.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003801
[Caption] Beach
【Airi】Sorry, guys... On second thought, I'm gonna go check up on Minori! I'm really worried about her!
[Sound] se00228
【Haruka】A-Airi...?!
【MEIKO】(I had a feeling that Airi'd be the one to go after her.)
[Sound] se00053
【Airi】Exactly. And it's going to be a very special moment for her since these kinds of experiences only happen once during your life...
【Airi】On top of that, Minori's lifelong wish has been to become an idol, so this is her dream stage.
【MEIKO】(Especially since Airi gained fame as a variety idol. As a result, she began losing opportunities to perform on stage.)
【MEIKO】(She more than anyone else probably knows the joy and hardships of actually performing on stage.)
【Haruka】Shizuku, maybe we should also go and...
【Shizuku】I'm also a little worried about Minori, but since Airi's going over to see her, she should be in good hands...
【Haruka】Huh...?
【Shizuku】There was a time when I also struggled to learn dance routines and didn't really know what to do. That was when Airi came to help.
【Shizuku】So, let's leave this one to her.
【Haruka】Okay. Especially considering how I probably won't know what else to say other than, “You don't have to push yourself so hard.”
【MEIKO】<If that's the case, let's have Airi handle the advice-giving while we watch from afar.>
【Luka】<Yes, since worrying and waiting are worse for your skin than the salty sea air.>
【Shizuku】Right. Does that sound good, Haruka?
【Haruka】Yeah, let's do that.
【Haruka】MEIKO, Luka, thank you both.
【MEIKO】<There's no need to thank us. For now, let's go find Minori and Airi♪>
[Background Change] bg_a003802
【Len】<Oh, look. There they are.>
【Shizuku】Thank goodness. They're both smiling.
【Haruka】Yeah, and Airi seems to be telling her something...
【MEIKO】<Let's try scooting a little closer without interrupting their conversation.>
[Sound] se00407
【MEIKO】<I can hear more of what they're saying now... I think they're talking about you, Shizuku.>
【Shizuku】About me...?
【Shizuku】Oh, maybe they're talking about when we were still in training...
【Miku】<Oh, Minori just stood up... To do a pose...?>
【Rin】<Are they gonna work on the dance she was practicing?>
【MEIKO】<If so, they'll probably need something to quench their thirst.>
【Haruka】Right...
【Haruka】Let's give them some space and go get them some drinks.
【Shizuku】Yes, let's.
[Sound] se00407
【Rin】<Do you think they're still practicing...? Oh...>
【MEIKO】<Hehe. Looks like they've finished practicing.>
【Shizuku】And she seems to be taking Airi's advice well...
【Haruka】Yeah. You were right, Shizuku. I'm glad we let Airi handle this.
【Haruka】Thank you for suggesting that we go and take a look, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】<You're wel...>
【MEIKO】<Uh oh! Everyone, hide! Airi's going to see us if we don't!>
【Haruka】She smiled after looking this way, so I suspect she already knows that we're here.
【Rin】<D-Don't worry! We can just act like we don't know anything and say, “Oh, there you are!” That should work, right?!>
【MEIKO】<Nice one, Rin! Let's try that!>
【KAITO】<Haha... Still, it may be better to simply just walk over.>
【Shizuku & Haruka】Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_e000501
[Caption] Empty SEKAI
【MEIKO】...
[Sound] se00173
【Mizuki】Oh, there she is! Hey, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】Did you need something?
【Len】Um... They said they wanted to celebrate with you.
【MEIKO】Celebrate?
【Ena】Yeah, it's your anniversary today, right?
【Mizuki】Exactly. And to mark the occasion, we brought some snacks, juice and a lil' cake!
【MEIKO】Anniversary...
【Kanade】Yes. You do so much for us, so we wanted to give something back.
【Mafuyu】But...if you don't want it, we'll leave you alone.
【Ena】Hold on! We can't give up that easily after all the time we spent planning this!
【Kanade】So um, are you interested...? We don't have to if we're being a nuisance...
【MEIKO】It's fine. Let's do it.
【Mizuki】No, you have to reconsider...! Wait, what?
【MEIKO】I'm not so heartless that I'd put your gifts to waste. So... Where are we doing it?
【Len】Thank you, MEIKO!
【Mizuki】Allow us to escort you to the venue♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
【Mizuki】Everyone has a drink, right? Here we go!
【Kanade, Mafuyu, Mizuki & Ena】MEIKO, happy anniversary!
【Miku, Rin, Len & Luka】Happy anniversary!
【MEIKO】Thank you...
【Mizuki】Here's to MEIKO, who we're so grateful to! Cheers♪
【MEIKO】Cheers...
【Kanade】We brought a lot of different snacks, so take your pick.
【Miku】Thank you, Kanade.
【Rin】I want something sweet.
【Len】Oh, me too...
【Luka】In that case, why don't you try this? Look, it's in a bright red packet, like a strawberry.
【Len】S-Strawberry...?
【Rin】Nice try, but we can all see where it says “RED HOT” in big letters.
【MEIKO】There are some chocolate marshmallows here.
【Len】I think I prefer that.
【Rin】Me too.
【Luka】Oh, what a shame. Will no one share these with me?
【Ena】It's a no from me. Anyway, why are those even in there? I'm pretty sure I took them out of the cart because I knew no one would want them.
【Mizuki】I bought them myself afterward♪ I thought it would be fun to “spice” up the party!
【Mizuki】Luka, I'll try them with you!
【MEIKO】You all went shopping together?
【Kanade】Yeah. We figured that all the snacks and juice would be bulky, so the four of us went to the mall.
【Mafuyu】Why do you ask...?
【MEIKO】...No reason. Thank you for doing that.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Mizuki】Oh, it's time! Everyone, MEIKO's anniversary show is about to start!
【Miku】You're going to sing, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Not me.
[Sound] se00055
【Mizuki】Nope, it's the MEIKO from where we live! I brought my tablet so we could all watch together.
[Sound] se00183
[Background Change] bg_g000201
[Caption] VIRTUAL SINGER Stage
【MEIKO】<Thank you for coming to my anniversary show!>
[Sound] se00019
【Luka】<And all of you watching over the livestream, are you ready?>
[Background Change] bg_e000501
【Len】These are the versions of us from their world... I'm smiling so much.
【Rin】And Luka and MEIKO look like such good friends.
【Luka】Oh, who said we're on bad terms?
【MEIKO】We're not. Our conversations just go nowhere.
【Luka】That's not true either. We're both just stubborn about our opinions.
【Mizuki】Hahaha... I guess so.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000201
[Sound] bgm00122
[Background Change] bg_e000501
【Kanade】Oh, this song...
【Mizuki】That's Kanade for you, sharp as a pin! They commissioned an artist to write this song especially for today's show.
【Mafuyu】Was it on the CD that Hoshino lent you?
【Kanade】Yeah. I recognized the melody straight away.
【Kanade】It has...kind of a warmth to it.
【MEIKO】It does.
[Background Change] bg_g000201
[Sound] se00039
[Background Change] bg_e000501
【MEIKO】(She's MEIKO too, but she's entirely different from me.)
【MEIKO】(“I” can also sing warm songs like this then.)
【MEIKO】(What an odd feeling.)
【Ena】Oh...
【Luka】Hehe, I suppose this song is to her liking.
【Miku】Yes, I'm sure of it.
【Miku】Happy anniversary, MEIKO.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000201
[Caption] VIRTUAL SINGER Stage
[Sound] se00034
[Sound] se00039
【MEIKO】Hey everyone!
[Sound] se00168
[Sound] se00211
【MEIKO】Thank you for coming to my anniversary show!
[Sound] se00019
【Luka】And all of you watching over the livestream, are you ready?
【Miku】Look! Already we're getting so many messages!
【Rin】You're right! Whoa, they're coming in too fast to even read! KAITO, you do it!
【KAITO】What?! I can't read them this fast either!
【Len】Hahaha. I guess everyone is bringing the energy for MEIKO's special day!
【Len】Well, we're gonna bring just as much energy, so try to keep up! Okay guys?
[Sound] se00211
【MEIKO】Here we go! We'll start with this song!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00323
【MEIKO】♪——! ♪————!!
[Sound] bgm00122
【Rin】Everybody got their glow sticks?
【Len】Set them to bright red and show your love for MEIKO!
[Sound] se00039
[Sound] se00211
【Luka】Whoa, those messages just keep coming. Everyone watching the livestream must be radiating energy.
【Miku】Yeah, they must be. This is a special day for them just as much as it is for MEIKO♪
【KAITO】That doesn't mean we can slack off though. I say we give them what we've got and outshine even MEIKO!
[Sound] se00097
【MEIKO】Oh, that's some big talk right there! Show me what you've got, if you can!
【Luka】Did you all hear that? It's us five versus MEIKO then!
【Everyone】Let's do it!
【MEIKO】What?! Hold up, that's not fair, is it?!
[Sound] se00260
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
[Sound] se00323
【MEIKO】Thank you all so much for coming today!
【MEIKO】Your support means the world to me!
【MEIKO】We've reached the end of the show, but before we say goodbye... I have something to say.
【Miku】Huh?
【Rin】Wait, was this planned?
【Len】No, I don't think it was...
【MEIKO】So, first up is Luka!
【MEIKO】You have a gentle way about you that always puts me at ease. So that I can do the same for you one day, please let me know if you're ever in a bind.
【MEIKO】And of course, thank you for doing so much to make today's show happen!
【Luka】MEIKO... Hehe, you're very welcome.
【MEIKO】KAITO. You're kind, you look after people and we can always depend on you. You're proactive about having fun...
【KAITO】That's me!
【MEIKO】But you're clueless about the weirdest things! But I like that you're uncomplicated like that, so never change!
[Sound] se00260
【KAITO】Hahaha. That started off so nice. If only you'd finished earlier.
【MEIKO】Rin and Len. You two give me so much energy and joy! Not to mention tons of interesting and unexpected ideas!
【MEIKO】You guys have your fights, but I'll be there to help when you can't make up, so come talk to me, okay?
【Rin & Len】Okay!
【MEIKO】And finally... Miku!
【MEIKO】I love that you're so authentic and straightforward. But know that you can lean on me too.
【MEIKO】If there's ever anything I can help with, please let me know. I'll show up no matter what!
【Miku】MEIKO...! Okay, thank you!
【Luka】So typical, MEIKO. Only ever thinking about us...
【Len】Yeah! You should enjoy the limelight more!
【Rin】We have a whole lot of nice things to say to you too!
【Miku】That's right! So listen up, MEIKO!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000132
[Sound] bgm00097
【Miku】MEIKO! Once again, happy anniversary!
【Miku】Thank you for always looking out for us. I love how kind and dependable you are!
【Rin】Happy anniversary, MEIKO♪
【Rin】You're always helping us out, but never hesitate to ask us for help! If you're ever in trouble, just leave it to me!
【Len】That's right, and I'll be there to help too. Whatever the problem is, we'll fix it together!
【Len】So if you ever need amazing ideas, or you've had a fight with someone, come to us, okay?
【KAITO】MEIKO, thank you for what you said earlier. It made me really happy!
【KAITO】You mentioned more of my strengths than my weaknesses, and you told me my absent-mindedness is endearing. I hope to be your friend for a long time.
【Luka】MEIKO. From my heart, happy anniversary.
【Luka】I also get so much energy from your songs and your words. What's more, you fill me with such a giving spirit.
【Luka】That's just one of the many reasons you're so great. Hehe. Let's stay friends forever and ever.
[Background Change] bg_g000201
【Miku】Okay, now let's all say it as one!
【Rin & Len】One, two...!
【Everyone】Happy anniversary, MEIKO!
[Sound] se00009
【MEIKO】You guys... Hehe.
【MEIKO】It's such an honor to spend my days with you all. Every day is filled with fun.
【MEIKO】Also, I feel truly happy knowing how many people have shown up to celebrate my anniversary.
【MEIKO】Thank you so much, everybody! I'm counting on your continued support!
[Sound] se00211
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Haruka】Thank you all for your advice. I have a much better idea of what to do now.
【MEIKO】Hehe. You're very welcome♪
【Rin】See you later, Haruka!
【Haruka】Okay, see you!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
【Luka】Haruka seemed much better compared to when she arrived just earlier.
【MEIKO】Yes, I'm glad we could help.
【MEIKO】Still, I didn't realize how tough it could be to decide whether or not to appear on TV...
【Miku】Me neither... Especially since it's a big opportunity for MORE MORE JUMP! to really increase their name recognition.
【Luka】Yes, it is. But Shizuku and Airi have had some bad experiences in the past...
【MEIKO】Which means it's incredibly important right now for them to give this appearance a lot of thought. For them and the sake of MORE MORE JUMP!
【MEIKO】But as things stand... I'd like to see them on TV.
【MEIKO】As long as they remain true to their feelings, I believe that everyone will hear their message loud and clear.
【Rin】Yeah, me too♪
【Miku】Wow, they're really going to be on TV...! They've come such a long way.
【MEIKO】Yes, they have. Former top idols being in this group has also attracted a lot of attention.
【MEIKO】And successfully putting on a solo show has only given them a bigger boost.
【Rin】That's so awesome! I wish I could go on TV! I bet it'd be so much fun!
【Luka】Oh, by the way, Rin, what kind of program would you like to be on?
【Rin】Hmm... A music one! I wanna sing and dance and make everybody smile!
【Luka】I see. That sounds like a primetime music program.
【Rin】Oh, what about you guys? What kinds of TV shows would you want to be on?
【MEIKO】I think I'd like to appear on a variety show!
【MEIKO】How fun would it be to do one of those quiz segments and the winner gets to perform a song?
【Miku】Oh, that does sound fun!
【MEIKO】Right? Oh, but I'm also interested in documentaries.
【MEIKO】I can see it now. “It was a long road that was full of obstacles, but these girls overcame all of that to reach this stage.”
【MEIKO】It'd be so dramatic too! With tears, laughter, everything!
【Luka】Hehe. You really do love those kinds of stories, huh♪
【MEIKO】Yes, I do!
【MEIKO】How about you, Miku, Luka?
【Miku】Hmm... TV... Oh, it might be fun to do an on-location one!
【Miku】Traveling to various cities, interviewing the people who live there and seeing beautiful sights sounds really interesting!
【Luka】I see. That sounds like a fun travel show.
【Luka】As for me, a show that lets me eat all kinds of delicious food to my heart's content would be perfect♪
【MEIKO】Hang on one second. We were talking about what kinds of TV shows we'd all like to appear on. You just sound like someone with an empty stomach.
【Everyone】Haha. Hehe.
【Rin】Oh, what do you think Len and KAITO would say if we asked them about this?
【MEIKO】Yes, I'd like to know as well.
【Luka】Hehe. Variety shows may suit him, but I have a feeling that Len would want to star in a TV drama.
【Luka】I remember him mentioning the other day that he wants to learn how to be a more expressive singer and hone his acting skills.
【Miku】I didn't know that...! Len's really talented, so I bet he'd be a wonderful actor.
【Rin】Then, what about KAITO?
【MEIKO】I'd say a show that involves animals. I have a feeling that he'd enjoy taking care of little critters.
【Rin】Yeah, that sounds perfect!
【MEIKO】Now I'm curious. Why don't we go find them and ask them for ourselves?
【Miku】Good idea. It'll be interesting to see if we guessed correctly♪
【MEIKO】Then, let's go ask them!
【Luka, Miku & Rin】Yeah♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【MEIKO】Whew...! That should be enough practice for today.
【Miku】Okay. Thank you for letting me practice with you, MEIKO!
【Miku】Some of the things we did seemed pretty difficult at first, but it was fun to practice in a different way for a change!
【MEIKO】You're welcome! I had fun as well♪
【MEIKO】And there's more where that came from. You're always free to join me for another session♪
【Miku】Haha... I'd like to, but I'm not sure I'll be able to keep up.
【MEIKO】Oh, Haruka, welcome!
【Haruka】Good evening, MEIKO, Miku. Are you two free right now?
【Miku】Yes, we just finished practicing.
【Haruka】Okay... There's something I need to tell you both.
【MEIKO】Hehe. Is this about your TV appearance?
【Haruka】Yes. We decided to accept.
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】You gave this offer quite a lot of thought, so I'm glad you were able to come to a decision.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Miku】Congratulations, Haruka!
【Haruka】Thanks...
【Haruka】And I really appreciate you all giving me advice regarding this. What you said made me realize some important things.
[Sound] se00053
【MEIKO】As your fan, I want to say, “Don't worry.”
【MEIKO】Including the hope and warmth you wish to spread to others.
【MEIKO】And those things mean quite a lot to me...
【MEIKO】So, a TV appearance isn't going to easily change how I feel about all of you.
【Miku】I agree... You girls are who you are. Nothing is going to change that.
【Haruka】Once again...
【Haruka】Thank you for taking my concern seriously and listening to what I had to say.
【MEIKO & Miku】You're very welcome♪
【MEIKO】But we really didn't do all that much other than say what we felt.
【Haruka】That's not true.
【Haruka】What you said, MEIKO, not only helped me reach a decision in terms of appearing on TV, but it also reminded me of my roots.
【MEIKO】Your roots...?
【Haruka】Yes. The reason I wanted to become an idol in the first place...
【Haruka】I remembered the person who made me believe in a better tomorrow. The idol who gave me that hope.
【Miku】So, there's someone who you look up to, like the way Minori looks up to you, Haruka?
【Haruka】She's no longer an idol, but she still performs on stage from time to time and spreads cheer to everyone she meets.
【MEIKO】Hehe. She sounds like a wonderful person.
【Haruka】Yes, she is...! The first time I met her, she was so kind and warm, and made everybody around her smile...
【Haruka】That feeling of warmth in my chest. The way she dazzled everyone. I still remember it all very clearly...
【Haruka】Being reminded of when I met her made me remember the feeling of hope she gave me. The belief that tomorrow will be a better day.
【MEIKO】(Haruka...)
[Sound] se00053
【MEIKO】You girls put on a successful solo show and have put forth a fantastic goal for yourselves. As a result, you're at a crossroads so to speak.
【MEIKO】It's not uncommon to lose sight of what means most to you... Why you decided to become an idol in the first place or how you felt back then...
【MEIKO】So, now might not be a bad time to look back on all that.
【MEIKO】(She actually tried doing what I suggested.)
【MEIKO】(Hehe. Oh, Haruka. You're such an earnest girl.)
【Haruka】I learned from the newspaper that she was still spreading hope to others.
【Miku】From the newspaper?
【Haruka】Yes. I had no idea what she was doing after she'd retired from being an idol...
【Haruka】But that article showed me how she's still doing her best, and just how powerful the media can be.
【MEIKO】So that's what helped you reach your decision.
【Miku】Thank you for coming to tell us all of this, Haruka. Rest assured, you all have our support moving forward.
【MEIKO】Yes, since we want to see you appear on TV and perform a show at the Dome.
【Haruka】Right. And I'd like it as well if you're all there with us every step of the way as we spread hope to everyone.
【Haruka】So, we'll be looking forward to your continued support.
【MEIKO & Miku】Of course♪
【MEIKO, Miku & Haruka】Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【MEIKO】Nice work today! See you at tomorrow's show♪
[Sound] se00170
【MEIKO】Hehe. Our rehearsal went off without a hitch, so I'm sure everyone's going to enjoy the show tomorrow.
【MEIKO】Hm? Minori...? What are you doing here all by yourself?
【Minori】Oh, MEIKO!
【Minori】Um... Can I ask for a favor?
【MEIKO】I see...
【MEIKO】So, you've been trying to practice answering questions that you may be asked during your iHaz shoot, but you're not sure if you're going about it correctly?
【Minori】Yeah... That's why I kinda want to talk to someone about this, but it's pretty late and the others are probably already asleep...
【MEIKO】Which brought you to us. Hehe. It's nice to hear that we're reliable.
【Minori】That's because you guys are. You've helped me out so much already...
【MEIKO】Then, don't hesitate to ask. Especially since I want your TV appearance to lead to more and more people learning about you girls.
【Minori】M-MEIKO...!
【Minori】Thank you so much! I really appreciate it!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00196
【MEIKO】“So, let's bring in our guests! Give a big round of applause for MORE MORE JUMP!”
【Minori】Don't give up on your dreams, Minorinrin! Here's a bouquet of hope for you! Hello! I'm Minori Hanasato from MORE MORE JUMP!
【MEIKO】(Oh...)
【MEIKO】“Your fans helped make the outfits you're wearing today, right?”
【Minori】Y-Yes, they did...! We were really worried about what outfits to wear since it's our first time appearing on TV...
【Minori】But we decided to wear these for this appearance because we wanted to tell all our fans just how much we appreciate what they've done for us!
【MEIKO】(I see...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Minori】How did I do, MEIKO?
【Minori】I want to do better during the actual shoot, so please don't hold back! Lay it on me!
【MEIKO】Okay....
【MEIKO】Firstly... Your mouth was a bit all over the place.
[Sound] se00237
【Minori】Huh? Wah! W-Wait! HEIKO, my heeksh! Hat hickles!
【MEIKO】Hehe. That should loosen them up a little.
【MEIKO】When you were speaking just now, Minori, you sounded like you were in a big hurry.
【Minori】R-Really?!
【MEIKO】Yes, really. Even for the parts where you need to stop and take a breath, you rushed ahead seemingly in order to introduce yourself as quickly as you could.
【MEIKO】(She wants to do her best, but that may be causing her to become a little too anxious or flustered.)
【MEIKO】(But I understand how she feels... Shizuku already mentioned how she wants the shoot to go well by explaining what happened between her and Cheerful * Days.)
【MEIKO】Minori, nothing good will come about if you panic.
【MEIKO】So, try focusing on saying what you want one word at a time.
【MEIKO】Let's start by taking a deep breath! Breathe in... Breathe out...
【Minori】Okay!
【Minori】Breathe in... Breathe out...
【MEIKO】One more time! Breathe in... Breathe out...
【Minori】Breathe in... Breathe out...
【MEIKO】“So, let's bring in our guests! Give a big round of applause for MORE MORE JUMP!”
【Minori】Oh...
【Minori】Don't give up on your dreams, Minorinrin! Here's a bouquet of hope for you! Hello! I'm Minori Hanasato from MORE MORE JUMP!
【MEIKO】Yes, excellent♪ You introduced yourself much better this time!
【Minori】Thank you so much, MEIKO!
【Minori】I think I have a much better idea of what I need to do now!
【MEIKO】Hehe. I'm glad to hear that. Then, let's keep practicing while we have some momentum!
【Minori】Okay! Oh, before we do...
【Minori】I came up with some questions that aren't in the script that I think they're going to ask us! Would you mind taking a look at them?
【Minori】Also, I'd love to hear any that you come up with that you think I missed!
【MEIKO】Of course! Let's practice as much as we can♪
【Minori】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Miku】Welcome back from your iHaz shoot, girls♪
【MEIKO】So, how'd it go?
【Haruka】It went really well. They went off-script a few times, but we managed somehow.
【Airi】Yeah, Shizuku especially.
【Minori】Yeah! She was so amazing!
【Shizuku】Thank you all very much. But I think you did a wonderful job answering their questions considering it was your first time on TV, Minori.
【Haruka】I agree. You responded well while using your own words.
【Minori】Hehe. It was all thanks to MEIKO practicing with me.
【Rin】Wait, you two practiced together?
【MEIKO】Yes, a little bit.
【Minori】No, way more than that! We practiced over and over until I got it right...!
【Minori】So, MEIKO, thank you very much!
【MEIKO】Hehe. You're very welcome♪ I'm glad I could be of service.
【Minori】That just leaves me learning how to answer and deal with questions that aren't in the script...
【MEIKO】Oh yeah, you mentioned that you went off-script a few times.
【KAITO】Actually I'm interested in hearing more about how your shoot went. Would you mind telling us?
【Shizuku】No, not at all.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Len】We'll be looking forward to when it airs!
【Luka】Promise to show us when it does, okay♪
[Sound] se00053
【Minori】I was asked some questions that weren't in the script and I sort of panicked.
【Minori】I tried coming up with a bunch that I thought I was gonna be asked, but none of them actually came up...
【Haruka】We were just as surprised as you. I really don't think there was much you could do about that.
【Minori】I came up with some questions that aren't in the script that I think they're going to ask us! Would you mind taking a look at them?
【Minori】Also, I'd love to hear any that you come up with that you think I missed!
【MEIKO】(Even after Minori came to ask for my help...)
【MEIKO】(Would I have been able to give her better advice if I had a better understanding of “raw interactions” or how idols and such are presented on TV...?)
【MEIKO】(Oh, speaking of which...we...)
【KAITO】Hm? MEIKO...? You seem concerned about something.
【MEIKO】Yes, there is something on my mind...
【MEIKO】Say, would you all mind listening for a second?
【Rin】Sure, but...
【Miku】What's wrong, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】I just realized something...
【MEIKO】We primarily focus only on doing shows, yes?
【Len】Um, yeah... I mean, we have all these stages to work with...
【MEIKO】Exactly.
【MEIKO】Some parts do resemble what you might see in a TV studio, but we have hardly any experience doing shoots and such.
【MEIKO】Which probably isn't a good thing if we're going to support the girls moving forward, no?
【Miku】Oh...
【Miku】She's right. They might be asked to appear on TV more and more in the future.
【MEIKO】Also, they managed to figure out a way this time, but it sounded like they still struggled.
【Len】Right...
【Luka】Hehe. So you're saying that we should find a way to become more familiar with the world of TV, right♪
【MEIKO】Exactly!
【MEIKO】I have a rough idea of what music programs that involve live performances are like, but there's more than just that, right?
【KAITO】Yes. Travel programs, variety shows and such... We don't normally get exposed to them, but there is a chance that Minori and the others will.
【Rin】Then, why don't we go on a trip? We can even try some delicious food and give reviews about them♪
【Miku】Hehe. SEKAI's a very big and expansive place, so there may be stages that we haven't discovered yet.
【Luka】Giving food reviews also sounds fun. I'm very much looking forward to doing that♪
【MEIKO】(The girls have set their sights very, very high.)
【MEIKO】(Which is why I'd like to give them all the support I can. So that they can achieve their goal.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Len】You were faster, Rin!
【Rin】No way! Len, you were!
【Plushies】Oh no...
[Sound] se00104_b
【MEIKO】Hm? What's going on? Why are you all gathered here?
【Plushie A】Rin and Len were having a footrace, but they finished at the same time...
【Plushies】We couldn't tell who actually finished first...
【Len】That's why I'm telling you all, Rin definitely finished faster than I did...
【Rin】Not true! Len, you totally beat me by a nose!
【MEIKO】That's odd. They're both saying that the other person finished first... Not many people argue for their opponent.
【MEIKO】Well, in any case... I'll watch, so why don't you two have a remat—
【Nene】Oh. Hi, you guys...
【MEIKO】Nene, welcome! Are you here by yourself?
【Nene】Yeah... I was hoping to go for a run here.
【Rin & Len】For a run?
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】I see. To increase your stamina...
[Sound] bgm00018
【Nene】Yeah, but today's practice went on for longer than I was expecting. It's gotten dark already...
【Nene】So I was hoping that I could do my running here to be on the safe side. Mind if I do for a bit...?
【MEIKO】That's fine, of course! We were just about to have a footrace of our own!
【Nene】A footrace?
【Rin】Yup! Nene, let's run it together!
【Len】We'd love to have you!
【Nene】Thanks. I think I'll join you, then.
【MEIKO】Great! As for your course...
【MEIKO】You'll start at the teacups, run to the tent over there, turn around and come back. How does that sound?
【Nene】Sounds good.
【Rin】I'm not losing this time, Len.
【Len】Right back at you!
【MEIKO】Then, on your marks...
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】Get set... Go!
[Sound] bgm00052
[Sound] se00134_b
【Plushies】Let's follow them!
【Plushies】Yeah!
[Sound] se00250_b
【MEIKO】What?! You're all going with them?!
【MEIKO】I was planning on waiting here, but... Hehe. In that case, I'll join you all♪
[Sound] se00049_b
[Sound] se00049_b
【Nene】Huff...! Huff...!
【Nene】This is rough... Right after practice too...
【Rin】Huff...! Huff...!
【Len】Huff...! Huff...!
[Sound] se00049_b
【MEIKO】(Hmm... It wasn't meant to be a very long course, but they all look exhausted...)
【MEIKO】(Nene's coming here right after practicing, while Rin and Len just did a run a second ago.)
【MEIKO】(If any of them start to look like they're in trouble, maybe I should stop the...)
【Plushie A】Oofie!!!
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】Oh no...!
[Sound] se00100_b
【MEIKO】You really took a tumble there. Are you okay?
【Plushie A】Y-Yeah... I'm... Ow! My leg... I think it's coming undone...
【Plushie A】*Sob* But I wanna keep running with everyone...
【Plushie B】Don't worry! Here, I'll help carry you! We can run until the end together like this!
【Plushie A】Okay! Thanks...!
【MEIKO】Thank goodness...
【MEIKO】Huh...?
【Nene】Let's keep going!
【Rin】Yeah! Let's go, Len!
【Len】Okay! Plushies, you too!
【Plushies】Yeah!
[Sound] se00134_b
[Sound] se00250_b
【MEIKO】Yeah!
[Sound] se00049_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Rin】And...!
【Nene, Len & MEIKO】We did it!
【Plushie A】Yay! We all finished at the same time!
【Nene】Huff... Huff... We really did it, Rin, Len.
【Rin】Yeah! Working together like that was a lot of fun!
【Len】Hehe. We even stopped caring about who actually finished first or whatever.
【MEIKO】Oh, does this mean you two have made up?
【Nene】Thanks for running with me, everyone. I might've given up partway through if you guys weren't there with me.
【Rin】Hehe. I feel the same♪
【Len】Me three!
【Len】Thanks for running with us, Plushies!
【Nene】Thanks.
【Plushies】You're welcome!
【Nene】Thank you too, MEIKO. I feel better about myself now after actually finishing that run.
【MEIKO】That's wonderful to hear! Putting on stamina takes a lot of mental strength, so it's important to do it one step at a time!
【Nene】Okay, I'll keep that in mind.
【MEIKO】(I just suggested that footrace off the top of my head, but it all worked out in the end.)
【MEIKO】(Must be because I'm always such a good girl♪)
【MEIKO】Hehehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【KAITO】Okay, we know what our next show is going to be. But getting everything ready won't be easy since it involves a number of large props...
【MEIKO】I can carry anything you need! I'll do it quick-lickety-split♪
【Rin】MEIKO, let us know if you want any of us to help☆
【Len】We'll make or carry whatever you guys need!
【MEIKO】I appreciate it, you two! Still, you seem very excited about all this.
【Miku】Is it because Tsukasa won that audition?
【Rin】Hehe. Correct! He said it was really hard, but he managed to portray his character the way he wanted.
【Len】Yeah! So, we feel motivated to try harder ourselves.
【MEIKO】Hehe. Yes, I think anyone would feel encouraged after hearing a story like that.
【MEIKO】Then, would you mind helping me carry some of the smaller props...?
【MEIKO】We need to do that first to clear space for when we move the larger ones.
【Rin】Okay. Len, let's go!
[Sound] se00064_b
【KAITO】Thank goodness. I was worried that you were going to ask them to move the large props right off the bat...
【MEIKO】I appreciate them being so kind... However, it'd be dangerous for them to try to move any of the larger ones on their own.
【KAITO】Right...
【MEIKO】If only we could get our resident sheep counter to feel even a tiny fraction of what they're feeling.
【Luka】Zzz... Zzz...
【KAITO】Haha...
【Miku】Oh, KAITO, MEIKO! What do you want us to do?
【KAITO】Actually, we need to move some of these other things before we can move any of the larger props.
【Miku】So, move them out of the way☆ I'm on it♪
【KAITO】Then, I'll keep working over here. MEIKO, can you keep an eye on Rin and the others?
【MEIKO】Okay♪
[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Sound] se00104_b
【MEIKO】Where could Rin and Len be?
【MEIKO】(I was sure I'd run into them by now, but I don't see them anywhere...)
【???】Hnng!!! S-So heavy! I'm gonna get crushed!
[Sound] bgm00000
【???】J-Just hang in there a bit longer! I'm sure someone is gonna come help us!
【MEIKO】That sounds like... Rin?! Len?!
[Sound] se00049_b
【MEIKO】What are you two...? Wait, why are you carrying this giant prop...?!
[Sound] se00100_b
[Sound] se00055_b
【MEIKO】There we are...!
【Rin】Huff... Huff...
【MEIKO】Fortunately, neither of you seem to be hurt.
[Sound] bgm00024
【MEIKO】Now, would you two mind explaining to me what happened here? Didn't I ask you both to start by moving the smaller props?
【Len】W-We're sorry... We really wanted to help you, MEIKO...
【Rin】We thought we might be able to carry a big one as long as we took breaks. We were actually going to take one just now...
【Len】But we ended up dropping it. That caused the foundation to break and everything started falling on top of us...
【MEIKO】...
【MEIKO】I appreciate you wanted to help me so much...
【MEIKO】But I'd feel a million times worse than sad if something were to happen to either of you...
【MEIKO】Does that make sense?
【Len】Yeah... Sorry for taking things too far.
【Rin】And breaking that big prop... We're really sorry...
[Sound] se00121_b
【MEIKO】Again, I'm just glad you're both safe...
【MEIKO】Anyway, let's carry this big one together! After that, we'll go over and apologize to everyone together.
【Rin】Okay...
【Len】Sorry, MEIKO... We really thought we could do something for you.
【MEIKO】Don't say that. You've already done plenty by helping move those smaller props for me.
【MEIKO】Also, nobody out there is good at everything!
【MEIKO】I know you might feel bad about not being able to do more sometimes, but all you have to do then is figure out what you can do!
【MEIKO】Just like how Rui and the others helped Tsukasa with his audition in whatever ways they could♪
【Rin】Oh...
【MEIKO】So, don't worry. I'm sure you'll find a way. With that in mind, let's do what we can♪
【Rin】Okay...!
【Len】We promise to figure out what we can do and help you as much as possible, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】Good! That's the spirit!
【MEIKO】*Sigh* If only there were a way to get Luka to share in your wonderful enthusiasm.
【MEIKO】She's undoubtedly taking a nap somewhere right now. I'll need to do everything I can to wake her up once we get back to the stage!
【Rin】Hehe...
【Rin & Len】Haha...!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] The day before the solo show
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Miku】Tomorrow's the day of their solo show...
【MEIKO】Yes, and I'm hoping that they're all able to get in a good night's rest...
【Rin】D-Do you think they're gonna be okay...? I-I'm starting to get really worried!
【Len】Rin, you're not the one that's gonna be performing.
【Rin】But they might actually get to go pro if it goes well!
【MEIKO】True. This is sort of a once in a lifetime opportunity.
【Len】Yeah. I've gotta think there are a lot of bands out there that've never even been given this chance...
【Len】This is their first, but I hope they try to take advantage of it like it's their last.
【Miku】Th-They will...! I mean, they've been practicing like there's no tomorrow.
【Rin】Y-Y-Y-Yeah! They'll totally do just fine!
【Len】But you never know what's gonna happen during any show, right? What if they have an equipment malfunction?
【Len】At the same time, Shiho works where they're gonna play, so I'm sure they'll figure out—
【MEIKO】Len, wait...
【Len】Huh? Why are you poking me...? Oh...
【Miku & Rin】...
【MEIKO】You didn't have to jinx them like that, Len...
【Len】S-Sorry... But you really shouldn't be so worried if you actually believe in Ichika and the others.
【Miku】I-I'm not worried... I'm totally fine.
【Len】Really? You definitely don't seem fine.
【MEIKO】Haha.
【MEIKO】Alright, let's all just settle down. Miku and Rin for one, but you too, Len.
【Len】Me? But I feel fine...
【MEIKO】Oh? All those negative thoughts running through your head... You're actually really worried, aren't you?
【Len】I, uhh...
【Miku】Len, you're also worried...?
【Rin】What?! Why didn't you just say you were?! You didn't have to spell out that nightmare scenario to us!
【Len】Shut up...
【MEIKO】Okay, you two, no fighting.
【MEIKO】I know this probably won't solve anything, but we just need to believe that they'll do well.
【MEIKO】Miku said so herself. They've been practicing like there's no tomorrow, so I'm sure their hard work will be rewarded.
【Rin】You think so...?
【MEIKO】I know so!
【MEIKO】If anything, we just need to have faith in them and think, “They'll do just fine!”
【MEIKO】Because we've all watched them work and practice like their lives depend on it, right?
【Rin】Oh...
【Miku】She's right. They've all been working so hard...
[Sound] se00053_b
【MEIKO】So, all that's left is to enjoy the show!
【MEIKO】They told us that we'll be able to watch from somewhere safe, so let's try to have as much fun as we can!
【Miku, Rin & Len】Yes. Yeah.
【Rin】*Quiver*
【Len】Rin? Are you still worried?
【Rin】No, I feel a lot better! Actually, I feel really excited now♪
【Len】You do? That was quick.
【Rin】Hehe♪
【Miku】Hehe. I know how Rin feels. Also...
【Miku】I feel like playing something now.
【Rin】Oh, yeah! We should have a quick session since we're all here!
【Len】Then, we'll need to get our instruments.
【MEIKO】Agreed! So, let's go!
【Rin】Yeah!
[Sound] se00064_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【MEIKO】(The girls really put on such an incredible show...)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_c001201
[Background Change] bg_f000101
【MEIKO】(With each passing song, their performance just kept getting better and filled the venue with so much energy.)
【MEIKO】(I watched them practice their full set multiple times, but they couldn't have played better. Or with more power.)
【MEIKO】It was filled with so much exuberance that I found myself wanting to sing along.
【MEIKO】Speaking of which, the fill Honami threw in during their sixth song was very cool.
【MEIKO】I think it went something like this...
[Sound] se00419_b
【MEIKO】No, that didn't sound right... Oh, I think it's the snare at the end!
[Sound] se00419_b
【MEIKO】Yes! This is it!
[Sound] se00064_b
[Sound] se00046_b
【Rin】MEIKO, what was that?! It sounded really cool!
【MEIKO】Oh, Rin, Len, hello!
【Len】Didn't Honami play that during the solo show?
【MEIKO】Yes, she did. I was just thinking about the girls' show and remembered the fill she played. So, I decided to give it a try.
【Rin】That show was so amazing!
【Rin】I almost cried during the third song when Ichi played her guitar solo!
【Rin】She lifted everyone up so high as she sang and really hammered it home with her guitar!
【Len】Yeah, she really nailed the string bends for that part!
【MEIKO】Yes, I got goosebumps just listening to her play.
[Sound] se00170_b
【Miku】Without that, I feel you'd lose a lot of that rock 'n' roll sound.
【MEIKO】Huh? When did you all get here?
【Luka】Oh, we just stopped by to see who was playing the drums in such a fun way.
【KAITO】We also heard you talking from the corridor.
【Len】Oh, I guess we kept on talking with the door open.
【MEIKO】Yes, I see that now.
【MEIKO】So, what brings you all here? Were you hoping to play something together?
【Miku】Well, we did bring our instruments with us.
【MEIKO】Haha! You all came prepared.
【Rin】Wait, we're gonna have a session?! Lemme go grab my synth!
[Sound] se00526_b
[Sound] se00526_b
【Len】Oh, I'll get my stuff too!
[Sound] se00526_b
[Sound] se00526_b
【KAITO】If possible, I'd like to play something the girls played during their show...
【Luka】Me too. It should be fun to play what they did while talking about what happened.
【MEIKO】I agree.
【MEIKO】So, why don't we start with their first song and play all of them? We can talk about what we liked about it and such!
【Miku】Sure, let's do that.
【Luka】Okay. They mentioned that they'll be holding their debrief after things have settled down, so this may help for when they do.
【KAITO】I'm ready.
【Miku】Huh? Already?
【MEIKO】You definitely seem the most eager. But we should wait for Rin and Len to return, or risk incurring their wrath.
[Sound] se00064_b
【Rin】We're back! Give us one sec to set up♪
【MEIKO】Okay! By the way, we decided to play every song from their set.
【Len】All of them?!
【Rin】Really?! Awesome!
【MEIKO】Let us know when you're ready! I'll count us in once you are!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【MEIKO】(I wonder what Emu's doing right now...)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Background Change] bg_d000501
【Emu】Thanks for letting me borrow that Miku costume, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】You're welcome♪
【MEIKO】Oh, Emu... You eyes look redder than before.
【Emu】Hehe... I was really moved by your guys' show.
【Emu】The ending surprised me a little, but it also made me really happy!
【Emu】Thanks for coming up with that for us!
【MEIKO】(Based on the way she smiled, she certainly seemed genuinely happy...)
【MEIKO】(Does this mean Emu's really going to stay behind at Phoenix Wonderland and...)
[Sound] se00170_b
【Miku】MEIKO, are you okay...?
【Rin】It's like something's been bothering you since our show ended.
【Len】Are you worried about Emu...?
【MEIKO】Oh...
【MEIKO】Yes... I can't help but worry about her.
[Sound] se00170_b
【Luka】Is Emu really not going to join Tsukasa and the others...?
【KAITO】Emu loves the Wonder Stage and Phoenix Wonderland very much since they're essentially mementos of her grandfather...
【KAITO】I have a feeling that she'll want to keep protecting them even if it means having to feel sad at times.
【Rin】I understand what she's feeling right now. And I wanna support her decision since she's so important to us...
【Rin】But... But...
【MEIKO】Rin...
【???】Heeey! You guuuys!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Luka】Huh?
【Miku】Oh! That voice...!
[Sound] se00526_b
[Sound] se00526_b
【MEIKO & Rin】Emu...!
【Emu】You guys...!
【Emu】You gotta hear this...! I... I...!
【Emu】*Sob* I...
[Sound] se00525_b
【Tsukasa】Emu, what did we say?! Don't run ahead without us!
【MEIKO】Oh, you're all here...!
【KAITO】What's going on? Your eyes are all...
【Rui】...together.
【MEIKO】What?
【Rui】We... We get to keep doing shows together.
[Sound] bgm00175
【MEIKO】D-Does this mean...?!
【Emu】I...! I...!
【Nene】Geez, you're sobbing so much that we can't hear what you're trying to say...
【Rui】Hehe. Look who's talking, Nene.
【Tsukasa】*Sigh* I can't say that I blame any of you.
【MEIKO】So, can you tell us what happened?
【Tsukasa】Of course. Emu's brothers just came by and...
【Tsukasa】So, they told Emu to venture out into the world to see and experience as many new things as she can.
【MEIKO】They did...?!
【Len】That's great, Emu...!
【Rin】*Cry* Emuuu!!!
[Sound] se00121_b
【Emu】Thanks, you guys...!
【Emu】And I'm really sorry for making you worry so much, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Oh, don't mind me♪ All's well that ends well, right?
【KAITO】I'm so glad...
【Luka】Hehe. Would you like to borrow my handkerchief, KAITO?
【KAITO】Yes, I think I will...
[Sound] se00097_b
【MEIKO】This is so wonderful, Rui! I'm really glad you didn't give up until the end.
【Rui】Actually, I don't think I accomplished anything. Emu had her mind made up...
【Rui】Her brothers are the ones who ultimately made this all possible.
【MEIKO】Yes, they may've been the ones who carried her over the line. However...
【MEIKO】Rui, I believe you explaining exactly how you feel played a crucial role in making that moment happen!
【Rui】What...?
【MEIKO】You've experienced this a number of times before, right?
【MEIKO】It's proof of how one's most honest feelings have the ability to move people's hearts!
【Rui】...!
【Rui】My feelings were entirely self-interested...
【Rui】But if what you say is right, MEIKO, I guess it's good to be selfish sometimes...
【MEIKO】Exactly!
【MEIKO】(I've seen just how much Rui's had on his mind... And how carefully he's always thought about what to do next.)
【MEIKO】We really couldn't have asked for a happier ending!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【MEIKO】Everyone, do you all have your drinks ready?!
【Emu & Miku】Ready☆
【Rui】We're ready as well.
【Len】Us too!
【KAITO】Okay, I believe we're all set. The floor is yours, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Excellent!
【Tsukasa】Nene, Rui, Emu! A job well done on the anniversary show!
【Tsukasa】Next, Miku, all of you...
【Tsukasa】We know we caused you all a lot of concern, but we managed to get to our new starting line! Thank you very much for supporting us the entire way!
【Tsukasa】So, here's to a successful anniversary show, and to new beginnings.
【Tsukasa】Cheers!
【Nene, Rui & Emu】Cheers!
【Everyone】Cheeers! Cheers!
[Sound] se00163_b
【Emu】Ahh! This juice is so yummy and cool!
【Robo-Nene】I kept the drinks cool until just now using my refrigeration module.
【Nene】Oh, right. You can store drinks and stuff for some reason.
【Rui】There's a clear reason for that. I installed it so we can quickly rehydrate after practices.
【Tsukasa】I see. I thought this was just another passing fancy...
【Rui】A passing fancy...? Honestly, Tsukasa, Nene, who do you take me for exactly?
【Rui】I spend all this time coming up with gizmos and gadgets for the actors performing in our shows...
【Emu】*Gasp* Tsukasa and Nene are bullying Rui!
【MEIKO】Oh dear. Naughty children need to be punished by having an ice-cold glass of juice caress their necks♪
【Miku】Haha! Oh no☆ You two gotta run♪
【Nene】Actually, that might be nice if they're all this temperature.
【Emu】Hehe.
【Luka】Hehe. Everyone's smiling and having so much fun.
【MEIKO】They really are!
【MEIKO】(I wasn't sure what was going to happen after they decided to become freelancers, and after Emu made her initial decision.)
【Luka】*Yawn* Hehe... So much fun...
【Luka】Zzz... Zzz...
【MEIKO】Huh...? Oh, Luka...
【KAITO】Hehe. She must feel so relieved to see that they're all smiling now.
【MEIKO】I think so too.
【Emu】MEIKO, are you guys eating? These chocolates are super yummy!
【MEIKO】Really? Then, I'd like to try one! Also, would you mind saving one for Luka? I'm sure she'll want one after she wakes up later.
【Emu】Okay!
【KAITO】Thank you all again for inviting us to join you for this after-party.
【Tsukasa】As always, you were all there for us when we really needed it.
【Rui】Not only that, you, MEIKO and the others inspired us to change the ending of the anniversary show through your own show.
【MEIKO】Oh, I was so surprised when I saw your new ending! I couldn't believe how wonderfully happy it was♪
【Nene】We decided to go with that after discussing it as a troupe. We wanted it to reflect our current situation.
【MEIKO】Yes, I see! And I'm really glad you went with that ending!
【KAITO】If I recall, “They made shows together while pursuing their dreams forever after,” yes?
【Emu】Yup☆
【Emu】I'm gonna meet lots of new people, experience lots of new things, come back to Phoenix Wonderland and fill it with even more smiles!
【Tsukasa】I of course plan to learn as much as I can in order to become a star in the future!
【Nene】I want to hone my skills so that I can become an actress who performs around the world.
【Rui】And I'm going to put on a show with my dear friends that connects people around the world through their smiles.
【KAITO】Those are all such wonderful dreams.
【MEIKO】Yes, they are!
【Miku】Hehe☆ But we can't let them hog all the glory♪
【Rin】We should also put on lots and lots of shows that can make lots and lots of people smile!
【Len】Yeah! I wanna figure out how to put on even better shows so we can help Tsukasa and the others when they think they need it!
【Tsukasa】Ah, that would be wonderful!
【Luka】Hehe. I'll sleep a lot and... See lots of wonderful dreams... Zzz...
【MEIKO】Oh, Luka. We weren't talking about those kinds of dreams.
【Emu & Nene】Haha! Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_e000501
[Caption] Empty SEKAI
[Sound] se00104_b
【MEIKO】...
【Rin】♪———— ♪————
【MEIKO】It's Rin. She's singing again.
[Sound] se00053_b
【Rin】When Mafuyu went to tell her mom how she really felt that time...
【Rin】I heard that hearing Miku sing Kanade's song helped settle her down.
【Rin】Ena also felt better after she heard me sing that time...
【Rin】So, I wanna learn how to be a better singer... For them...
【MEIKO】(And she's been practicing her singing ever since...)
【Rin】♪——...
【Rin】♪———— ♪————
【Rin】No, that didn't sound right... I can sing that part a lot better...
【Rin】♪———— ♪————
【MEIKO】(She seems very focused right now, so she shouldn't notice me as long as I stay at least this far away.)
[Sound] se00104_b
【Luka】Oh, MEIKO. There you are.
【MEIKO】Luka...? Were you looking for me?
【Luka】Yes. I'm bored, so why don't we play cat's cradle or something together?
【MEIKO】I'd rather not.
【Luka】You never want to play.
【Luka】Hm...?
【Rin】♪———— ♪————
【Luka】Were you watching Rin just now?
【MEIKO】I just came across her singing a second ago.
【Luka】Oh, I see.
【MEIKO】Why are you grinning like that...?
【Luka】Hehe. Good question.
【Luka】So, MEIKO. Would you be mad if I went over to talk to her?
【MEIKO】*Sigh*
【MEIKO】No, but... You shouldn't right now.
【Luka】Why's that?
【MEIKO】Can't you tell...? She's practicing, so you shouldn't interrupt her.
【Luka】Oh? You're showing quite a lot of interest despite just spotting her a second ago.
【MEIKO】*Sigh*
【MEIKO】Can you not start pressing my buttons just because you're bored?
【Luka】Hehe. I don't know what you're talking about.
【MEIKO】Fine... I'll tell you a little about what Rin told me.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Luka】So, she's practicing to become a better singer for the others?
[Sound] bgm00024
【Luka】Okay, now I see why I shouldn't interrupt her.
【MEIKO】I hoped you would've figured that out without me saying anything.
【Luka】Still, MEIKO, the stance you're taking intrigues me.
【Luka】You always talk about keeping your distance in order to make objective decisions, but you also seem to care quite a lot about how the people around you feel.
【MEIKO】Being objective means not letting my personal values and ideas influence my decisions. It doesn't mean purging myself of my humanity.
【Luka】Hehe. True.
【Luka】Anyway, MEIKO, thank you. I'm a little less bored now.
【Luka】And don't worry. In return, I promise not to bother Rin.
【MEIKO】Good...
【Luka】Now, I think I'll go look for Miku or Len...
[Sound] se00104_b
【MEIKO】*Sigh* Suit yourself...
【MEIKO】…………
【Rin】♪———— ♪————
【MEIKO】(She seems to have figured out that part she was struggling with...)
【MEIKO】(I think I'll keep watching for a bit longer.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_e000501
[Caption] Empty SEKAI
【Rin】♪—— ♪————
【Rin】♪————...
【MEIKO】...
【MEIKO】(Her singing's improved quite a lot...)
【MEIKO】(Maybe meeting our other selves in that strange SEKAI had a greater effect on her than I realized.)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_g000601
【MEIKO】Thank you for being such a strong source of support for the others.
【MEIKO】All we can do is watch over them, but I can see that they're in good hands!
【MEIKO】Based on what I've seen watching you all this time, it's obvious to me that they need you.
【MEIKO】You don't always have to put what you feel into words. They feel better just knowing that you're there for them.
[Background Change] bg_e000501
【MEIKO】(Just as how Rin and I play different roles here, that other me must also have a unique role in all of this.)
【MEIKO】(All she can do is watch over the others.)
【MEIKO】(In the sense that we both watch others from a distance, we sort of play similar roles.)
【MEIKO】(However, the big difference between her and us is that we can directly interact with the person whose feelings gave birth to this place at any time.)
【MEIKO】(Still, I don't plan on doing that any time soon...)
【MEIKO】Hm...?
【Rin】...
【MEIKO】(She noticed me... I was wondering why she stopped singing.)
【MEIKO】(I don't want to interrupt her, so I should probably move further away and...)
[Sound] se00104_b
[Sound] se00100_b
【Rin】MEIKO, wait. You were listening to me practice just now, right...?
【Rin】Can you sing with me again like you did earlier?
【MEIKO】Earlier...?
[Sound] se00053_b
【MEIKO】♪—— ♪————
【Rin & MEIKO】♪———— ♪————...
【MEIKO】(Oh, I see...)
【Rin】This is how I'm singing it now...
【Rin】♪—— ♪————
【Rin】But I feel like I'm missing something...
【MEIKO】...
【MEIKO】Well...
【MEIKO】I don't know if this is what you had in mind, but you could try doing something like this...
【MEIKO】♪—— ♪————...
【Rin】Oh...
【Rin】I like it... Lemme try that.
【Rin】♪—— ♪——~~
【Rin】♪—— ♪————...
【MEIKO】♪—— ♪————...
【Rin】♪—— ♪————...
【MEIKO & Rin】♪—— ♪————...
【Rin】...! That was really good.
【Rin】I couldn't figure that part out when I was working on it on my own...
【Rin】How did you learn to sing like that, MEIKO...?
【MEIKO】So...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
【MEIKO】I thought about this while singing just now.
【MEIKO】I thought about who I want to support.
[Sound] bgm00039
【Rin】Oh...
【MEIKO】Not just my feeling of wanting to support someone, but also who and with what words...
【MEIKO】And about how I'd like those words to affect them.
【Rin】How those words will affect them...?
【MEIKO】You know what I'm talking about, right, Rin?
【Rin】Oh... I think that's how I felt when I sang for Ena...
【Rin】Thanks, MEIKO... I'll keep that in mind while I try.
【MEIKO】...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_g000601
【MEIKO】You don't always have to put what you feel into words. They feel better just knowing that you're there for them.
[Background Change] bg_e000501
【Rin】MEIKO...?
【MEIKO】I'll sing with you...
【Rin】What?
【MEIKO】I'm already involved now. Also, I should probably try something new for a change...
【Rin】MEIKO...
【Rin】*Nod* Yeah, I want you to sing with me.
【Rin】Thanks, MEIKO...
【MEIKO】You're welcome.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001901
[Caption] Program Studio
【Host】Welcome back to another episode of “Get on Those Hot Topics!”
【Host】Let's straight into it as we have a special guest with us here today! Please introduce yourself!
[Sound] se00028_b
【MEIKO】<Hello everyone! I'm MEIKO, the VIRTUAL SINGER!>
【Host】Though I'm sure all of you already know, MEIKO will be performing in the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show, scheduled to be held in Shibuya!
【Host】Today, we hope to introduce our viewers to MEIKO, while also asking a variety of questions.
【MEIKO】<Hehe, I look forward to it.>
【Host】With that goal in mind, we have gone out to the city and asked people about what comes to mind when they think of MEIKO. Let's have a look at the footage!
[Background Change] bg_a002301
【Passerby A】What springs to mind when I think about MEIKO? Hmm... I suppose an independent woman who rocks red!
[Background Change] bg_a002401
【Passerby B】Hmmm... I have this image of her being associated with alcohol.
【Passerby C】True! Her outfits are always so attractive and she's really cool too. She's the kind of woman I look up to.
[Background Change] bg_b001901
【MEIKO】<Thank you for all of your responses, everyone! It makes me happy to hear that I'm someone to look up to.>
【Host】A lot of people mentioned your maturity and attractiveness, which truly are some of your charming points.
【Host】There were also a lot of people who said that they associate you with alcohol as well.
【MEIKO】<Hehe. I suppose that's because some of the songs I sing include the subject in the lyrics.>
【Host】We have also received a message specifically for this program.
【MEIKO】<Oh, what does it say?>
【Host】“Until a little while ago, I was frustrated and constantly crying about my lack of talent.”
【Host】“But then I discovered MEIKO. Her voice had this strong determination and it really comforted me.”
【Host】“I realized that, in order to make your dream come true, you also need to work on improving your skills. So I'm going to do my best and keep my head held high.”
【MEIKO】<Thank you so much for the wonderful message! I'm so happy to hear that I was a source of comfort for you.>
【MEIKO】<Putting in consistent effort to make your dreams come true is not an easy feat and I'm sure there will be some tough obstacles along the way, but I hope you give it your all and have no regrets!>
【Host】Thank you, MEIKO.
【Host】Speaking of dreams, there's a special event that you will be holding during the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show, right?
【MEIKO】<Yes! It's called the New Breeze & Reboot Festival! It's an exhibition that will be held right next to the concert venue.>
【MEIKO】<There will be paintings, photographs, sculptures and even wood prints. It'll be showcasing many works of art with us as their subjects.>
【Host】From up-and-coming artists to more seasoned creators who are making a comeback...
【Host】The news has been making the rounds since the initial announcement, hasn't it?
【MEIKO】<Yes!>
【MEIKO】<The New Breeze & Reboot Festival will also have a cafe area filled with comics and novels available for everyone to enjoy.>
【MEIKO】<Delicious coffee, juice and finger foods will also be provided. Oh, alcoholic drinks are unfortunately not available, and don't you dare think about sneaking them in.>
【Host】Hehe. That sounds like a recipe for a nice, relaxing reading session!
【Host】By the way, even those who do not have concert tickets are welcome to enter the exhibition.
【MEIKO】<There will be so many wonderful works there that it will truly be a feast for the eyes. So I hope you can make it!>
【Host】That's all for today, but we hope you look forward to the VIRTUAL SINGERS Show and...
【MEIKO】<The New Breeze & Reboot Festival!>
【MEIKO & Host】<Hope you can make it!> Thank you!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000201
[Caption] VIRTUAL SINGER Stage
【KAITO, MEIKO & Miku】♪————! ♪————!
【Len, Luka & Rin】♪————! ♪————!
【MEIKO】Hey, you guys! You can still keep going, right?!
[Sound] se00251_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00528_b
[Sound] se00170_b
【MEIKO】What about you guys in the crowd? Are you having a good time?!
[Sound] bgm00006
[Sound] se00251_b
【KAITO】How about our audience watching us live on stream and the remote screenings?
【Comments】<Having the best time!> <Such a hyped medley!> <This is the best!>
【Miku】Looks like everyone is having a great time!
【MEIKO】I'm glad to hear that! Now let's keep raising the energy from here!
[Sound] se00211_b
【Miku】That reminds me, all of the songs you've been singing have had such a cool and mature energy to them, MEIKO.
【KAITO】That's true. You had us sing some of them with you, but you really did hit it out of the park each time.
【MEIKO】Hahaha, thank you!
【MEIKO】By the way, I didn't intentionally put more of those types of songs in my list. The songs I wanted to sing just ended up being those.
【MEIKO】But I suppose they matched the impressions people had of me on that program I was on recently.
[Sound] se00019_b
【Miku】Oh, yeah! KAITO and I were invited to that same program too!
【Miku】It was quite interesting how they interviewed people on the street about their impressions of you.
【Miku】There were a lot of people who found you mature and attractive, right?
【MEIKO】Yeah... I do wear red most of the time, so I wonder if that encouraged that impression of me.
【Miku】Your red outfit is amazing. It stands out on stage and enhances your presence. I think it suits you the best.
[Sound] se00019_b
【Miku】Oh, see? Everyone here agrees with me!
【MEIKO】Oh, that's so lovely. Thank you, Miku, everyone!
【MEIKO】I've been trying to be very conscious of a variety of things while singing today. So I hope you're ready for the songs coming your way!
[Sound] se00211_b
【KAITO】While we're on the topic, could you tell us what you were being conscious of when singing?
【Miku】I want to know too♪
[Sound] se00251_b
【MEIKO】Even the crowd too? I guess I have to share now, don't I?
【MEIKO】Well today's concert is a little special in that all of us are singing songs together that we usually would alone together, right?
【MEIKO】So I've been trying to show more of myself and how I sing more than usual, not only during my own songs but during others as well.
【KAITO】I see... More of yourself, huh?
【MEIKO】Especially since the creators that wrote my songs specifically chose me to sing them...
【MEIKO】I wanted to make sure to stand proud and sing them with confidence.
【Miku】To not only be aware of those things, but to put them into practice perfectly too... That's incredible.
【KAITO】I agree. I feel like that is one of the cool things about you, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Thank you. But you know compliments won't get you anywhere.
[Sound] se00260_b
【MEIKO】Oh, looks like we're ready to move on to the next song!
【MEIKO】Hehe. We've been talking about how cool I am, but I'd like you all to see the cute side to me too, right, Miku?
[Sound] se00553
【Miku】Yeah! Let's get everyone blushing and giddy!
【KAITO】Blushing and giddy? What kind of song are you planning to sing?
【MEIKO】You'll just have to wait to find out♪
【MEIKO】Alright then...
【MEIKO & Miku】Start the music!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【MEIKO】Hmm...
【MEIKO】If I'm going to do a complete revamp of this place, I guess I'll have to change the wallpaper...
[Sound] se00006_b
【MEIKO】Oh, hello you two. Did you just finish practice?
【Miku】Yeah, we sure did.
【Luka】We were both on such a roll today that practice ended before we knew it♪
【MEIKO】Nice work. I'm sure you're both parched from singing. Anything to drink?
【Miku】Iced cafe au lait for me, please.
【Luka】I'll have the same.
【MEIKO】Got it. Coming right up.
【Luka】Thank you♪ Miku, let's sit over here!
[Sound] se00347_b
【Miku】By the way... What were you saying to the wall just before we came in, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Oh, so you saw that...
【MEIKO】Actually, I was thinking of revamping the cafe.
【MEIKO】Since Kohane and the others are going into a new school year, I thought it would be good to also give this place a makeover.
【Luka】Oooh, I like that! So when are you gonna start the revamp?
【MEIKO】Hold your horses. I'm still thinking about it.
【Luka】Whaaat? Just do it! It'll be so fun.
【MEIKO】There are a lot of things to consider, you know? Here you are. Two iced cafe au laits.
[Sound] se00059_b
【Miku】Thank you.
【Miku】When you say “revamp,” what exactly did you have in mind?
【MEIKO】Well, for starters...
【MEIKO】The current wallpaper compliments the plants, which gives off a warm vibe, right?
【Luka】Yeah, go on...
【MEIKO】I was thinking... Maybe, making it completely white? That way it can have a classier look whilst also keeping its warmth.
【Luka】Oooh! I bet that would look really nice!
【Miku】But if you change the wallpaper, then the shelves at the back need to match too, right?
【MEIKO】That's right. The lights will need to change as well. So if I'm going to revamp, might as well do everything all at once...
【Luka】Oh no. This sounds like a lot more work than I thought.
【MEIKO】I told you. Not only will doing the work on this place be tough, but I'll also need to close it until the revamp is complete.
【Luka】What?!
【Luka】I can't have that! Where will I get my coffee fix and fill my social cup if this place is closed for renovation?!
【MEIKO】Again, that's what I meant by a lot of things to consider.
【MEIKO】An's dad also closed his cafe for the time being...
【MEIKO】If I close this place too, then Kohane and the others won't have a place to relax.
【Miku】That's true. We should try to avoid that.
【Miku】They're already working hard enough at practice, so I want to make sure they have somewhere to rest.
【MEIKO】Yes, I feel the same.
【MEIKO】It would've been nice to change it up, but I think I'll let it go for now.
【Luka】It's a shame, but it's probably for the best.
【Luka】Oh, how about this! What if you made some minor changes like changing the plants or the artwork you have up right now?
【Luka】I bet it'll be fun to do a “spot the difference” game afterward!
【Miku】“Spot the difference?”
【MEIKO】Hehe. Thank you, Luka. I think I'll go with your proposal and make some subtle changes.
【Luka】Really?! Then I'd like one serving of dessert for every difference I spot♪ Do we have a deal?
【Miku】What kind of deal is that?
【MEIKO】You just want to do this for your benefit, don't you?
【Luka】Oops. You got me.
【MEIKO】Goodness. I can't with you.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【KAITO】Alright, let's come up with a new menu that screams new change and new beginnings!
【Len & Rin】Yeah!
【MEIKO】Hehe, you all seem to be really excited about this.
【Rin】Why wouldn't we? Thinking up a new menu is so fun!
【Len】Not to mention that we get to be the taste testers too!
【KAITO】Still, I was still surprised when you brought the subject up. I didn't expect you to want to revamp the cafe.
【Len】But canceling that idea is what led you to go with a new menu instead, right?
【MEIKO】Yes, exactly. So I'm counting on the three of you today.
【KAITO】Leave it to us! I actually already have a few ideas for this new menu of yours.
【MEIKO】Wait, really?
【KAITO】Yes! Picture an item called, “Favorites for Lunch.”
【Len】Ooh! Sounds amazing!
【KAITO】And it sure will be! It's a dish that will have all of the customers' favorites on it.
【KAITO】For example, pancakes for Akito.
【MEIKO】I see, that sounds interesting. However...
【Rin】An likes rum raisin ice cream, right? So if she orders that, then she'd end up with ice cream for a meal.
【KAITO】Oh...
【Len】True. Toya likes cookies and I don't know if that's substantial for lunch...
【MEIKO】You have a point. Kohane's favorite food is peach buns and sesame balls. I think those would be okay as a lunch dish, but...
【KAITO】Then why don't we make their favorites come as an extra with their overall meal?
【Rin】I'm sure they'd like it, but then it wouldn't feel like a new menu, would it?
【KAITO】Oof. You're right...
【MEIKO】Oh! In that case, instead of having it as an extra, how about we just get them to pick their main dish for their meal?
【Rin】Wait, that sounds amazing!
【Len】Main dish for their meal... So like steak or ginger fried pork?
【MEIKO】I like that. I'd want them to eat well so they can get some energy.
【KAITO】Then curry and stew would be pretty good, no? By putting in meat and different kinds of vegetables, it'll be a good balance of nutrients!
【MEIKO】Good thinking! It's important to get your nutrients and vitamins in to maintain your body.
【MEIKO】Seems like having a menu with a good amount of vegetables is the way to go. Maybe I'll add a salad in there too.
【Len】But Akito hates carrots, right?
【Rin】And An can't eat tomatoes.
【MEIKO】That's...not good, but...
【MEIKO】It seems like those two are not ones to leave food on their plates at home... So I'll incorporate those into certain dishes.
【KAITO】Nice! Looks like we're starting to really make progress! Just slap on a name and it'll sound like a new menu in no time.
【MEIKO】But I'm starting to think that if you just get to choose your main dish, it doesn't make it all that more special than a regular set meal.
【Len】You think so? I feel like it'd be fun to try out all sorts of combinations!
【Len】Which brings me to my next point! I'd like to name the steak dish, “Big Bang Steak.”
【MEIKO】Hehe, I like that. Using the name to figure out the type of dish is always fun.
【Rin】If that's on the table, then I have some ideas!
【Rin】Um, so for the veggie-filled curry... Tons of... Packed with...
【Rin】I got it! How does, “Garden Goodness Curry” sound?
【Len】Hahaha, what kind of name is that? Did you want some curry and rice with your garden of vegetables?
【Rin】Hey, it's not gonna be like that!
【MEIKO】Hehe.
【MEIKO】(It's always fun thinking of a new menu with everyone.)
【MEIKO】(Especially coming up with combinations for dishes and imagining the expressions of those who will eventually have them...)
【MEIKO】Since you two already suggested the Big Bang Steak and the Garden Goodness Curry, I think we should try them out.
【Len】Really?! Yay!
【KAITO】Hey MEIKO, if you have some extra time to spare, I think a stew would make a great addition.
【KAITO】How does “Dreamy☆Creamy Stew”?  It would also have a nice, gentle flavor that just rejuvenates you from the inside.
【Rin】Is what you say, but you're just stating your order, aren't you?
【KAITO】I would never! I've never been more serious about suggesting anything than I ever have in my life.
【Len】I wonder about that...
【MEIKO】I don't mind. Besides, we're still in the testing phase anyway.
【MEIKO】Let's try out some stuff and make a menu that'll put a smile on VBS' faces!
【Rin, Len & KAITO】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000102
[Caption] Between Worlds
【MEIKO】It's peaceful here, as usual.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I suppose I'll spend another day leisurely watching over the SEKAI while I sing.
[Sound] se00092_b
【MEIKO】Oh? This is...a fragment of a feeling.
【???】*Sniffle*
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】Hm...? I think I just heard...
【???】*Sob*
【MEIKO】Someone's crying...
【MEIKO】Their voice... Is it coming from this fragment...?
【MEIKO】Well, I can't leave it be just because it's only a fragment!
【MEIKO】Let me get in touch with your feelings.
[Background Change] bg_g000701
[Caption] ???
【MEIKO】This is...
【MEIKO】(The place has a classy, quiet feel to it... But something about it makes my heart feel tight...)
【MEIKO】(Is this...sadness? No, maybe frustration...)
【MEIKO】There's something on the floor.
[Sound] se00187_b
【MEIKO】This sheet of paper...was somebody writing? It's been crumpled up into a ball, though...
[Sound] bgm00038
[Sound] se00621
【Somebody's Writing】• Protagonist A high school girl with average looks and brains. Has a dream, but her family and teachers disapprove.
【MEIKO】Looks like that's all that's written.
【MEIKO】I'm concerned about those crying sounds I heard before I touched the fragment... I think I'll take a look around.
[Sound] se00097_b
【MEIKO】Oh... There's another sheet of paper on the floor. This one hasn't been crumpled up.
[Sound] se00621
【Somebody's Writing】• The person she looks up to The type of mature person the protagonist wishes to become.
【Somebody's Writing】Extends a hand to the protagonist with a soft, warm smile, charming to all regardless of their age or gender.
【MEIKO】Hmm... And the other sheet I picked up had the “protagonist”. Seems like these are background notes on the characters of a story.
【MEIKO】Does that mean the owner of these feelings is writing a story of some kind?
[Sound] se00097_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】...! Is someone there?
【???】Yes. I'm here...
【MEIKO】(A girl?)
【MEIKO】Um... Are you the owner of the feelings behind this fragment SEKAI?
【???】SEKAI...? I don't know what you're talking about, but the answer is no.
【???】I'm “a high school girl with average looks and brains”...
【Unnamed Girl】I'm the “protagonist” who's yet to become anybody at all, and hasn't even been given a name.
【MEIKO】An average high schooler... The protagonist...
【MEIKO】That's what was written on this sheet of paper...! It was about you?
[Sound] bgm00021
【Unnamed Girl】Yes...
【Unnamed Girl】You were kind enough to pick up that crumpled sheet of paper. Thank you.
【MEIKO】No, don't thank me. Actually, I apologize. I shouldn't have read it without permission.
【Unnamed Girl】Don't worry about that. It's just a piece of garbage now...
【MEIKO】But this is what brought you to life, isn't it? Please, you shouldn't talk about it like that...
【Unnamed Girl】... You're so nice...
【Unnamed Girl】But of course I'd be tossed aside before long. It was the same for all the other protagonists.
【MEIKO】What...?
【MEIKO】The owner of these feelings is writing a story, right? If so, surely they'd treat the protagonist with great care...
【Unnamed Girl】...
【Unnamed Girl】I get the sense that she hates herself, and hates the protagonists she creates.
【MEIKO】Hate...? Why would that be?
【Unnamed Girl】Well...
【???】*Sniffle* *Sob*
【MEIKO】(This sound of someone crying... It's the same as what I heard before I entered this SEKAI.)
【Unnamed Girl】She's...crying. Again.
【MEIKO】So, the person crying is this SEKAI's...
【Unnamed Girl】...
【MEIKO】...! What's wrong? Are you alright...?
【Unnamed Girl】What...?
【MEIKO】You're crying too...
【Unnamed Girl】Oh...this?
【Unnamed Girl】It's fine. Half of me is made up of her, so I guess this just happens.
【MEIKO】Half of you is...
[Sound] se00053
【Unnamed Girl】I get the sense that she hates herself, and hates the protagonists she creates.
【MEIKO】(This protagonist... Did the owner of these feelings use herself as a base when making her?)
【MEIKO】(I'm sure this protagonist was entrusted with all sorts of feelings and wishes when she was created...)
【MEIKO】(But the owner of those feelings hates herself, so she can't bring herself to like someone who's so similar...?)
【MEIKO】(If that's true, it's...)
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】(I don't think I can let things go on like this...)
【MEIKO】(Isn't there something I can do?)
[Background Change] bg_g000701
[Caption] ???
[Sound] se00053
【Unnamed Girl】I'm the “protagonist” who's yet to become anybody at all, and hasn't even been given a name.
【Unnamed Girl】Of course I'd be tossed aside before long. It was the same for all the other protagonists.
【Unnamed Girl】I get the sense that she hates herself, and hates the protagonists she creates.
【MEIKO】(If she continues hating herself...)
[Sound] bgm00038
【MEIKO】(And even rejecting the protagonists who serve as other versions of herself...)
【MEIKO】(She may end up casting away her own feelings along with these characters.)
【MEIKO】(I'm only supposed to be watching over her, but I just can't leave things like this.)
[Sound] se00097_b
【MEIKO】Seems like you've calmed down now. Are you alright?
【Unnamed Girl】I'm fine... She was the one crying in the first place, not me.
【MEIKO】Hey, if you don't mind, I'd like to know more about you and the owner of these feelings.
【Unnamed Girl】I can tell you, but there's nothing to say about me. It's all in those notes you picked up and...
【Unnamed Girl】Oh, that's right... I think I've seen one other sheet that had slightly more detailed notes.
【MEIKO】Really?! Then let's go find it!
【Unnamed Girl】But what good will it do you to learn about me...?
【MEIKO】Well, that's easy.
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】I want to read your story, you know.
【Unnamed Girl】...!
【MEIKO】The story may not be written yet, but if I look at the notes, I'm sure—
【Unnamed Girl】Why...?
【Unnamed Girl】I'm an average high schooler with nothing special about me in the slightest, and I don't even have a name yet...
【MEIKO】That may be what your background says, but in truth, you aren't average at all.
【Unnamed Girl】What do you mean...?
【MEIKO】No matter how many people there are in the world, or how many stories...
【MEIKO】The protagonist of your story is you and only you.
【Unnamed Girl】...!
【MEIKO】Now then! Let's look for that sheet with the notes about you!
[Sound] bgm00173
[Sound] se00055_b
【MEIKO】Let's see, this one is... This background seems like it's for a fantasy character, so it probably isn't yours.
【MEIKO】Anything on your end?
[Sound] se00055_b
【Unnamed Girl】Nothing...
【Unnamed Girl】I'm sure that sheet got thrown away too, so we're never going to...
【???】*Sob*
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】Oh... I hear her again...
【Owner of the Feelings】...y...
【Owner of the Feelings】This is my dream... Why won't they understand...?
【MEIKO】She's...
【Owner of the Feelings】No... No... I don't want to quit yet.
【Owner of the Feelings】Let me keep trying just a little longer... If you do, I know... I just know...
【MEIKO】Did you hear that? The owner of these feelings wants to keep trying...!
【Unnamed Girl】All talk, I'm sure. It doesn't mean what you think it does.
【Unnamed Girl】After all, lately she's only been able to write stories where the protagonist gets saved by guidance from the person she looks up to.
【MEIKO】Now that you mention it, that was on one of the sheets I picked up. It said that person would extend a hand to the protagonist.
【MEIKO】Isn't that fine, though?
[Sound] bgm00175
【Unnamed Girl】What...?
【MEIKO】She could create a compelling story even just around the identity of the person guiding her. Are they a teacher, a senior at school, or someone she's never even met before?
【Unnamed Girl】Why...? Why are you so accepting of her?
【Unnamed Girl】Oh, I get it... She made you that way, didn't she?
【MEIKO】I'm sorry. You never asked, so it hadn't crossed my mind to tell you.
【MEIKO】I actually came here from somewhere else.
【Unnamed Girl】You mean, that's the background you were created with...?
【MEIKO】Haha... You can think of it that way if you prefer...
【MEIKO】But anyway, this place is a SEKAI created from a fragment of a feeling that belongs to the person who made you.
【Unnamed Girl】A SEKAI...? A fragment of a feeling...?
【MEIKO】I heard someone crying in this SEKAI and wanted to know what was wrong, so I came to see what was going on.
【MEIKO】My friends and I do things like this. We make the effort to understand people's feelings and watch where they go.
【Unnamed Girl】Watch where they go...
【MEIKO】That's why I won't reject someone for having an attitude that might be seen as passive, like wanting a guide to save them.
【MEIKO】I think there are plenty of people out there in a position where they can't do anything on their own.
【Unnamed Girl】B-But...!
【Unnamed Girl】But that's just... It's like you're depending on someone else, and...
【MEIKO】That's not fair?
【Unnamed Girl】...!
【Unnamed Girl】Yeah...
【MEIKO】I may have just learned something else about you and her.
【Unnamed Girl】What do you mean, you learned something...?
【MEIKO】You said the owner of these feelings hates herself and the protagonists she creates, right?
【MEIKO】I think that contempt may be directed more specifically at the vulnerability she feels in wanting to cling to someone.
【Unnamed Girl】What...?
【MEIKO】When I arrived here, I felt sadness and frustration.
【MEIKO】I'm sure that sadness is about having no one who understands her dream.
【MEIKO】As for the frustration... Part of it is probably about her inability to produce results, but...
【MEIKO】I think it's mostly about how weak she feels for trying to cling to someone else.
【Unnamed Girl】Then, does she...really want to keep trying...?
【MEIKO】Like I said, I don't think getting guidance from someone is a bad thing at all.
【MEIKO】But if that feels unfair... Your only choice is to stand back up on your own.
【MEIKO】I believe the person who created you understands that, at least.
【Unnamed Girl】...
【MEIKO】Actually, maybe you could all just become that person to look up to.
【Unnamed Girl】Wait, m-me...? But, I don't even have a name yet...
【Unnamed Girl】Would I be able to do that...?
【Unnamed Girl】If I decide I want to...will I be able to...?
【MEIKO】Oh... Seems like it's about time for us to say goodbye.
【MEIKO】I'll still be watching right by your side. Give the owner of these feelings my regards!
【Unnamed Girl】U-Um...! Wait...!
【Unnamed Girl】Your name...
【Unnamed Girl】You have one, right?
[Background Change] bg_s000237
【MEIKO】I'm MEIKO.
【Unnamed Girl】MEIKO...
【MEIKO】Yes. Maybe I shouldn't talk it up so much, but...
【MEIKO】I love my name. I'm very proud of it. It's loved and treasured by so many people.
【Unnamed Girl】That's so nice...
【Unnamed Girl】I wonder if, one day...I'll get such a wonderful name myself.
【MEIKO】Don't worry. The owner of these feelings will give you a name that fits perfectly.
【MEIKO】Along with a truly amazing story, of course.
[Background Change] bg_g000701
【Unnamed Girl】She's gone...
【Unnamed Girl】Oh yeah, I was looking for the sheet that has more notes about me...
【Unnamed Girl】What kind of person did she want me to become...?
【Unnamed Girl】...
【Unnamed Girl】I'll keep looking. I need to find it for myself.
[Sound] se00097_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
[Sound] se00443_b
【MEIKO】*Nod* Sounds good. I think I'll go with the drums for today's practice with everyone.
[Sound] se_run_women_002_1
【MEIKO】Hm? Someone's running this way...
[Sound] se00046_b
【Saki】There you are! This might be a little sudden, MEIKO, but is there anything you'd like to do?!
【MEIKO】Huh? Anything I'd like to do?
【MEIKO】Hold on, are you preparing for my anniversary?
【Saki】What?! H-How did you know?!
[Sound] se00466_b
【Shiho】Anyone who can read between the lines would know from the way you asked.
【Saki】B-But, but...! It's still a month away! I didn't think she would see through me!
【Ichika】I guess you were a little too direct.
【Saki】Noooo...
【MEIKO】Hmm... Should I have pretended I didn't notice anything?
【Ichika】It's okay, please don't mind her. I mean, that was a little...
【Shiho】Yeah, Saki's just being a klutz.
【Saki】A k-klutz?!
【Shiho】I'm just telling the truth.
【Saki】Ack!
[Sound] se00121_b
【Saki】*Sob* Honaaa. My heart is broken in pieces...
【Honami】There, there. You were just a little too enthusiastic about celebrating.
【MEIKO】Haha. I will say, I'm touched that you want to start preparing a month early.
【Ichika】We'll need to prepare in between practices, so we thought we should at least decide what we're doing as soon as possible.
【Ichika】So, to rewind the conversation... Is there anything you want to do?
【MEIKO】Hmm... Is there anything...?
【MEIKO】Sorry. I don't really have anything that I definitely want to do...
【Ichika】I see...
【Saki】Anything is okay, MEIKO! A takoyaki party or even hot pot, you name it! There's so many fun things we can do!
【MEIKO】Right... Doing something with everyone does sound fun.
【Shiho】MEIKO, is there really nothing you want to do?
【Honami】Or could it be that it'd be hard for us to make it happen...?
【MEIKO】That's not it at all. I really can't think of anything in particular...
【MEIKO】If I had to say something, it would be a performance... But we already do that together basically every day.
【MEIKO】As far as something special or befitting of my anniversary, nothing comes to mind.
【Saki】I see...
【MEIKO】I'm sorry I can't give you a proper answer.
【MEIKO】Now that I think about it... Maybe the reason why nothing comes to mind is because I'm content with how things are now.
【Ichika】How things are now...?
【MEIKO】Yeah. Like I mentioned before, we basically perform together every day, don't we?
【MEIKO】I have so much fun that I don't need anything else.
【MEIKO】Since I'm already satisfied with just that, I think it's hard for me to come up with other ideas.
【MEIKO】That's why I'll be more than happy If I can just do something fun with all of you like Saki suggested before.
【Saki】MEIKO...
【Honami】I didn't realize you enjoyed performing with us that much.
【MEIKO】I do. I mean, just a moment ago, I was figuring out which instrument to go with for today's practice.
【MEIKO】So if I can just do something with all of you...
【MEIKO】Oh, I've got it! I can just do that together with you girls!
【Ichika】Huh? Do what?
【Saki】Did you come up with something?!
【MEIKO】I did!
【MEIKO】So, what I want to do is...
【MEIKO】Prepare my anniversary party with all of you!
【Saki】Oh, I se—Whaaaaaaat?!
【Shiho】You're going to prepare for your own anniversary?
【MEIKO】Well, everyone would usually tell me that I don't need to do anything and I should just look forward to it...
【MEIKO】But I thought it might actually be interesting to plan and execute my own anniversary celebration!
【Honami】Hehe. That really sounds like you, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】I know, right?
【MEIKO】So, I hope you'll all lend me a hand!
【Ichika】Of course. If that's what you want, then we'll help out however we can.
【Saki】Mhm♪ The MEIKO in our world is also going to hold a massive event, so we need to make sure our party tops that!
【Shiho】I get how you feel, but isn't that a pretty big goal to set?
【Saki】Who cares♪ It's all about the intention behind it!
【MEIKO】By the way, what sort of event is the me in your world doing?
【Ichika】Would you like to see the event's website? The details have been trickling in recently.
【MEIKO】Really? Let's see it.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000201
[Caption] VIRTUAL SINGER Stage
[Sound] se00034_b
[Sound] se00211_b
[Sound] se00168_b
[Sound] se00251_b
【MEIKO】Hey, everyone! Thank you for coming to my anniversary event!
[Sound] se00211_b
【MEIKO】Everyone here and everyone watching the stream, we're going to make today the best day ever!
【MEIKO】Are you all ready?
【Comments】<I'm ready whenever!> <You're the best, MEIKO! I love you!> <Let's hype it up!>
[Sound] se00251_b
【Miku】We're good to go too!
【Luka】Start whenever you're ready.
【MEIKO】Got it! Alright then...
【MEIKO】Let the MEIKO Special Anniversary Event... Begin!
[Sound] se00211_b
【MEIKO】♪————! ♪————!!!
【Rin, Miku & Len】♪————! ♪————!!!
【Luka & KAITO】♪——! ♪——~~!
[Sound] se00251_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00101
【MEIKO】Did you all enjoy that show segment?
[Sound] se00211_b
【Rin】Everyone was waving their glow sticks to the beat! It was so much fun singing!
【KAITO】We harmonized perfectly too.
【Len】Yeah! We did practice it just for today, so I'm glad we were able to pull it off!
【MEIKO】Me too! But we're still far from finished.
【Miku】Right!
【Miku】There's still plenty of performances left, so we hope you look forward to them!
[Sound] se00251_b
【Luka】However, aside from shows, we also have other exciting segments planned for today.
【MEIKO】After all, we're not here today for a “show”, but rather an “event”!
【Len】This is like our usual shows so far... What other segments are we doing?
【MEIKO】We'll be playing a little game.
【Rin & Len】A game?
【MEIKO】Yes! And it's called— The silent singing game!
[Sound] se00040_b
【MEIKO】We usually express feelings through our songs, but this gesture game will require us to see how well can we express things without our singing or any sort of sound!
【Rin】What?! We can't sing or make any sounds?!
【Miku】That seems really difficult. How do we play?
【MEIKO】As the name of the game suggests, we have to be completely silent and use our facial expressions and gestures to communicate our allocated song.
【MEIKO】By the way, I've only included songs we've performed up until now. That should be a big hint.
【KAITO】The rules are simple, but it sounds like it'd be hard when you're actually doing it.
【Luka】But I would like to see how much I'm able to get across.
【MEIKO】Alright everyone, let's all form a line! The person at the front will go first and the others will guess!
[Sound] se00019_b
【MEIKO】The allocated song will display on the screen behind you, so don't think about taking a peek, okay?
【Rin & Len】Okay!
【MEIKO】Everyone in the audience, feel free to join in!
[Sound] se00211_b
【Miku】I'm starting to get nervous. I wonder if I can do this.
【Luka】Don't worry. Let's all just have fun.
【Len】C'mon MEIKO, let's start already!
【MEIKO】Alright, alright. Okay, so the order will be... Len, Rin, Luka, Miku, KAITO and then me!
【MEIKO】Now, let the silent singing game... Begin!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00535
【Len】Okay, so my allocated song is... Ack! That's first up?!
[Sound] bgm00190
[Sound] se00034_b
【Miku】Oh, that move...! Right, you can easily recognize the song if it has a dance!
【Rin】Mhm! But it's such a cute dance routine that I want to keep watching.
【KAITO】Hehe. Len seems to be begging with his eyes for us to hurry up and guess it.
[Sound] se00260_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】Thank you for hyping up the event with us, everyone!
【Miku】We performed, played games and even had some chatting segments too! This event program was jam-packed.
【Luka】Yes. All that's left is for us to sing the finale. But before that, we have some messages for MEIKO.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000246
[Sound] song00010_off_s
【Miku】MEIKO! Happy anniversary! We ended up doing those segments after you suggested we try something new, and they were really fun!
【Miku】I'm sure that's because you really thought about what games would make it fun for everyone.
【Miku】You're a wonderful person, and you always think about how to make everyone smile! I can't wait to make more memories with you!
【Rin】Happy anniversary, MEIKO! This event was so much fun! We got to sing songs and even play games!
【Rin】If you find any other fun games, let me know so we can play together! I'll let you know if I find anything interesting too!
【Len】Oh! If you're going to play some games, then I definitely wanna join too! I especially enjoyed the gesture game!
【Len】Hehehe. I like getting to hang out and play with you, MEIKO. So let's play again sometime! Happy anniversary!
【Luka】Happy anniversary, MEIKO. I'm sure being the main host for your own celebration was tough...
【Luka】But, of course, you pulled it off so seamlessly. Let's give one last burst of energy until the end.
【KAITO】It feels like we just started the event moments ago, and now we're going into the finale... I guess the more fun you're having, the faster time flies by.
【KAITO】You've blessed us with such a wonderful time, and I hope that you have an even more amazing year! Happy anniversary!
[Background Change] bg_g000201
【MEIKO】Thank you for the wonderful messages, everyone!
【MEIKO】I wanted to have a fun time with everyone who came to celebrate, which is why I decided to do the gesture game.
【MEIKO】There were a lot of laughs, surprises and even head scratching, so I had lots of fun too!
【MEIKO】I'm going to keep singing many more songs, but I'll also be thinking about other ways to keep making wonderful memories.
【MEIKO】Just one more thing I hope you'll all help me out with.
【Rin】Of course we will, MEIKO!
【Luka】Please let us know anytime there's something you want to do.
【KAITO】Even if it's something a little difficult, I'm sure we can make it happen if we work together.
【MEIKO】Thank you! And I think so too.
【MEIKO】Thank you so much for coming to celebrate with me, everyone!
【MEIKO】Let's keep trying new things and make lots of fun memories together!
【MEIKO】Alright! Here's our final song!
[Sound] se00211_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【MEIKO】The Showa Commemorative Museum that Tsukasa and the others went to sounded like so much fun!
【MEIKO】I love how they took an old building from back then and turned it into a museum. It's such a wonderful idea...!
【Miku】I know, right☆ It's too bad that we couldn't go with them...
【Miku】But I'm really glad that they brought back all those souvenirs and stuff for us♪
【MEIKO】Me too! Especially that giant diorama of a city from back then! It's so nice of them to want us to get a feel for the time period.
【Len】I'm having a lot of fun with the tin toy Rui brought back! Check it out! When you wind it up, it starts whirring and moving around.
【Rin】I really liked that old-timey soda☆ It was so sweet and fizzy, it felt like there was a party going on in my mouth♪
【Luka】I really love this scarf♪ I've been able to sleep even better when I use it as a pillow...
【Luka】Zzz... Zzz...♪
【MEIKO】Luka, no! All you've been doing is sleeping since you got that scarf!
【KAITO】Haha... We did receive quite a lot from them.
【KAITO】I'm sure Tsukasa and the others are working very hard to make the most of what they learned at the museum.
【Luka】I agree. Performing somewhere new and different is never easy, but I'm hoping that they succeed.
【Len】Hmm... Isn't there anything we can do for them? I wanna help them if possible!
【Miku】Me too! Me too! Can't we do something?
【MEIKO】Well...
【MEIKO】Oh, I know. We can help them learn more about what things were like back in the Showa period by putting on a show set in that era!
【Rin】So, a Showa show?! That sounds super fun☆
【Len】But we still don't really know what life was like back then...
【KAITO】True. We may not have enough information to put on such a show...
【MEIKO】Hehe. I've got that covered.
【Rin】Huh?
【Len】Do you already have an idea for us, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】I do! Included in the many gifts Tsukasa and the others brought back was this museum pamphlet.
【MEIKO】It includes all these articles describing what life was like back then.
【MEIKO】So, why don't we use these to put a show together?
【Miku】Wow...! This could actually work☆
【KAITO】In that case, we should also prepare some props and costumes that are reminiscent of the time period.
【Len】Yeah, great idea!
【Rin】Hehe♪ I wanna wear a cute one-piece dress like the one Emu had on☆
【Len】I wanna try on a kimono! I saw some pictures of people wearing hats with them!
【KAITO】Also, we can use the diorama as a reference for our set. We should be able to achieve a nice atmosphere if we accurately recreate some of these buildings.
【MEIKO】I agree! We can maybe even use some of the souvenirs the others brought back as props. That just leaves...
【MEIKO】What about these vehicles in the diorama...?
【MEIKO】I thought they were regular cars at first, but they look a little different. Do any of you know what they are?
【KAITO】Oh, I think they called those...three-wheel trucks.
【MEIKO】Three-wheel trucks...?
【KAITO】Yes, automobiles with only three wheels. Rui showed me a few pictures. They were apparently very common back in that era.
【MEIKO】Let's build one!!!
【Len】Huh?!
【KAITO】B-Build one...?
【MEIKO】Yes, let's build ourselves a three-wheel truck!
【MEIKO】I'm seeing quite a few in this diorama. Does that mean they were a common sight back then?
【MEIKO】There's even one in the manga printed in this pamphlet! Here, look...
【Miku】Hey, she's right! It says, “These were a common mode of transportation during the Showa period”☆
【MEIKO】See what I mean? It's in this pamphlet, so that means we have to have one in our show to make it feel real.
【KAITO】W-Wait...! We're really going to make one of these...?
【MEIKO】Obviously! We're going to blow everyone away with our show, aren't we?
【Rin】Cool! SEKAI's gonna be so much more fun with one of these around☆
【Len】We could all take it for a spin around SEKAI!
【Miku】I wanna do that♪ I'll do whatever you need to help make it☆
【MEIKO】Hehe♪ That's what I like to hear!
【KAITO】Th-This could get really out of hand...
【Luka】Zzz... Zzz...
【MEIKO】Luka, wake up! You're going to help too!
[Sound] se00121_b
【Luka】Mhm... MEIKO, not so rough...
【MEIKO】Anyway, everyone!
【MEIKO】Let's make ourselves a three-wheel truck!!
【Len, Miku & Rin】Yeah! Yeah☆
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【MEIKO】Okay, everyone appears to be asleep...
【MEIKO】I've been waiting for this moment! Now... It's time to head over♪
[Background Change] bg_d000402
【MEIKO】Heh heh heh...
【MEIKO】It's finally complete! The SEKAI three-wheel truck!!
[Sound] se00209_b
【MEIKO】Hehe. It's such a cute shape♪
[Sound] bgm00006
【MEIKO】And this paint job! It's so colorful, I can't help but get excited♪
【MEIKO】I know we just finished putting it together and agreed to wait until tomorrow to take it for a spin, but...
【MEIKO】I just can't wait! I want to practice driving it now! I mean, the props in the bed need to be moved over to the stage anyway.
【MEIKO】Let's see... First, I need to start the engines, right?
【MEIKO】(What did KAITO do after we finished...? I want to say he put the key in here and turned it...)
【MEIKO】Hm? That doesn't seem to be it...
【MEIKO】Hmm... It seems this lever isn't involved, but what about this button...?
[Sound] se00654
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】Whoa! It's for the wipers! What if I pressed the button next to it? Will that turn them off...?
[Sound] se00653
【MEIKO】Eep! It's for the lights! Wait, which button did what again?!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00654
【MEIKO】O-Okay, it's finally all back to the way it was...
【MEIKO】(But I still don't know how to start the engine... Nothing I pulled or pressed seemed to work.)
【MEIKO】Hm? Come to think of it, I haven't tried using this pedal by my foot yet...
【MEIKO】I vaguely recall KAITO putting his foot down it when he started the engine...
【MEIKO】I'll press down while turning the key! Here goes nothing!
[Sound] se00655
【MEIKO】Oh... It started...! Now I can finally drive it!
【MEIKO】Hehe. Then, without further ado...
【MEIKO】Let's go!!
[Sound] se00655
[Sound] se00649
[Sound] bgm00052
[Sound] se00648
【MEIKO】Wooooow! This feels incredible!!
【MEIKO】All the scenery flying by looks so beautiful...!
【MEIKO】(The flying train and big Ferris wheel make SEKAI feel fun and lively as usual...)
【MEIKO】(But it's like I get to see them in a brand new light as I drive around!)
[Sound] se00651
[Sound] se00648
【MEIKO】Phew. Now, where should I go next...?
【MEIKO】Oh, that reminds me. I still need to take the props in the bed over to the stage.
【MEIKO】Alright, I'll head over there and...
【???】What's going on...?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Bunny Plushie】Mhm... All that loud vrooming made me wake up...
【MEIKO】Oh no... Did I disturb you? I'm so sorry.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Bunny Plushie】No, that's okay. But... What is this thing?
【MEIKO】This is called a three-wheel truck! It goes very fast! So fast that you get to be like the wind!
【Bunny Plushie】Like the wind...?
【MEIKO】Yes! You can get from the Ferris wheel to the stage in no time at all!
【Bunny Plushie】Wow...! That sounds really fun! I wanna ride it too!
【MEIKO】Hop on in! I was actually just thinking it would be nice to have someone in the passenger seat...
【MEIKO】As my way of apologizing for waking you, I'll take you for a little nighttime drive around SEKAI♪
【Bunny Plushie】Yay! I get to go for a drive!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00655
【MEIKO】Alright, are you ready?
[Sound] bgm00190
【Bunny Plushie】Yeah! My seatbelt's all set!
【MEIKO】Then, let's go...
【MEIKO】It's time for some fast and furious driving!!!!!
[Sound] se00655
[Sound] se00648
【Bunny Plushie】Whoooooa! We're really like the wiiiiiiiiind!!!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00648
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
[Sound] se00669
【Miku】Phew...
【MEIKO】Okay, so far so good... For the last point, focus on the tip of your brush and gently lean it forward.
[Sound] se00670
【Miku】...! I-It worked...!
【Rin】Whoa! That's amazing, Miku-P! It looks so pretty!
【Len】That last part was so intense. I could feel your concentration from over here, Miku...
【KAITO】Yes, I even held my breath there for a second...
【Luka】It just means she was that focused. So, Miku, how do you feel about this one?
【Miku】I think it's my best work yet. Thank you for giving me those tips, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Haha. Hearing you say that makes it all worth it.
【Rin】MEIKO! Me next! I want you to teach me! I've been practicing a bunch, but I still can't get it right...!
[Sound] se00121_b
【MEIKO】Oh...! Alright, sit here then.
【MEIKO】I think it'll turn out better if you improve your posture, Rin. Open up about a fist between you and the desk...
【KAITO】You really are amazing, MEIKO...
【Len】Yeah, it's like you've already become our second teacher.
【Luka】She is the best calligrapher out of all of us.
【MEIKO】Oh, you think so?
【Miku】Yes. Even though you struggled just as much when we started working on our New Year's resolutions...
【Miku】Did you practice in secret or something?
【MEIKO】Yes, you could say that...!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
【MEIKO】Thank you for giving me another lesson today, Shiho. I think I have a better idea of what to do now!
[Sound] bgm00018
【Shiho】I'm glad to hear that. How are the others doing...?
【MEIKO】They've been improving at a steady rate. We also have you to thank for that, Shiho!
【Shiho】No, I didn't do anything special... You're all improving because you're putting in the effort.
【Shiho】Oh, that reminds me. I should give this to you before I forget.
[Sound] se00055_b
【Shiho】Please feel free to use it if you like.
【MEIKO】Oh, a notebook...?
【Shiho】Yes, it contains a list of tips and tricks that I thought would help. Maybe you and the others can use it for reference.
【MEIKO】Wow, this is incredible...! It talks about maintaining a good posture, how to hold your brush... And it's all so beautifully written.
【MEIKO】Everything in this notebook... It must've taken you a very long time to write it all down.
【Shiho】It wasn't any trouble. It just doesn't feel right to me to not give the commitments I've made the effort they deserve.
【Shiho】Also, seeing you and the others work so hard to improve made me want to give the best advice I could.
【MEIKO】Shiho...
【MEIKO】I see. Then, we promise to cherish this gift.
【Shiho】Thank you.
【MEIKO】(It's so like Shiho to do this.)
【Shiho】Anyway, I'll be going now.
【MEIKO】Okay! Thank you again for this notebook, Shiho!
[Sound] se00122_b
【MEIKO】Still, this really is written up so clearly...
【MEIKO】(This notebook is sure to help us improve.)
【MEIKO】(We'll need to do our best to make the most of the gift Shiho's given us.)
【MEIKO】Now then... I'll put this notebook to use right away!
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】Oh, I got the flick wrong again. It needs to look more like a clean triangle...
[Sound] bgm00171
【MEIKO】This situation calls for...
[Sound] se00674
[Sound] se00674
【MEIKO】Yes, this page! Let's see... “Before you flick, bring your brush to a halt and...”
【MEIKO】Hmm... I'm struggling to keep these lines straight. But I'm being so careful...
【MEIKO】I'm pretty sure Shiho also mentioned something about this in her notebook... What do we have here... “Straight lines require momentum”?
【MEIKO】Hehe. Momentum? I'm good at creating that.
【MEIKO】Alright, I'll try giving it a little extra push...!
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】(I'm still nowhere near as good as Shiho...)
[Sound] bgm00024
【MEIKO】(But I'm able to teach the others now when Shiho isn't here... I suppose that's all my training paying off.)
【Luka】MEIKO, would you mind teaching me next after Rin's had her turn? My left-hand radicals are throwing everything off balance because they're turning out so big.
【Len】Then, can I go after her? Something about my stopping points doesn't look right.
【MEIKO】Okay. I'll go around in order, so just sit tight.
【KAITO】I'll keep practicing while going through Shiho's notebook again...
【Miku】Oh, KAITO, can I see it once you're done? There's something I'd like to check.
【KAITO】Okay.
【MEIKO】(Shiho's notebook is helping everyone improve at a dramatic rate...)
【MEIKO】(That means we'll need to make our New Year's resolutions look absolutely spectacular!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【MEIKO】Hnng! Okay, that's enough drumming for now! Time for a break.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00328_b
[Sound] se00417_b
【MEIKO】(Hm? This sounds like... Is someone else practicing?)
【MEIKO】(If so, I might go have a quick peek while I take my break...)
[Sound] se00046_b
【Saki】Oh! Hi, MEIKO!
[Sound] bgm00018
【MEIKO】Hello. I heard someone playing, so I decided to come take a look. Is it just you two here...?
【Saki】Yes! Ichi and Hona both had family business to take care of. So, Shiho and I decided to have our own practice session...!
【MEIKO】Oh, I see.
【Shiho】We were actually just about to take a break. Would you like to join us, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Oh, are you sure? Then, if you don't mind me intruding.
【Saki】We even brought snacks, so let's have some together! Gimme one second...
[Sound] se00055_b
【Saki】Ta-daa! It's back! New Year's brunch potato chips♪
【Shiho】Wait, what...? Again with the weird flavors...
【Saki】No, Shiho, you don't get it. These were so good that the fans of these potato chips demanded they bring them back, and—
【Shiho】Okay, I get it. You can give us this speech some other time.
【Saki】What?! But I was just getting to the best part!
【Saki】I know! Since I brought them, I'll see if Rin and the others also wanna try. Do you happen to know where they are right now, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Rin was practicing how to spin tops with Len on the rooftop the last I saw.
【Shiho】Tops?
【MEIKO】Remember all those toys we picked out together for New Year's during that sale?
【MEIKO】We tried playing with them soon after, and everyone got so excited.
【Saki】Really?! That's great!
【MEIKO】Yeah. We did struggle to get them to spin at first...
【MEIKO】But KAITO's become really good. So good that he's teaching the others now.
【Shiho】Yes, this sort of thing does seem to be right up KAITO's alley.
【Saki】Yeah, since he's kinda like a craftsman!
【MEIKO】Hehe. I know what you mean. His tops seem to always stay upright, and he won the tournament we held with ease.
【MEIKO】Now, Rin and Len are practicing all they can in order to beat KAITO.
【Shiho】Wow, you guys had a tournament?
【Saki】That sounds so fun! I wanna do a top-spinning tournament!
【MEIKO】Then, Saki, we'll invite you and the others next time.
【Saki】Really?
【MEIKO】Of course! The more the merrier, right?
【MEIKO】Also, we've been able to have so much fun because you two helped pick out those toys.
【MEIKO】So, thank you both very much!
【Shiho】No, like we said before, it's the least we could do since you've all done so much for us.
【Saki】Yeah! You even helped us pick out presents for Tsukasa and Shizuku.
【MEIKO】Oh, now that you mention it, what happened after that? Did they like what you got them?
【Saki】Yes! Tsukasa was sooo happy!
【Saki】Since I got him a water bottle, I put a bunch of waterproof star stickers on it...
【Saki】The day I gave it to him, he carried it around with him all day while saying, “Its design is fit for a future star such as myself, and it shall never leave my side!”
【Saki】He's even been placing it right next to his pillow when he goes to sleep!
【Shiho】I can definitely see him doing that...
【MEIKO】Haha. It certainly sounds like he's been enjoying what you got him!
【MEIKO】What about you, Shiho?
【Shiho】Yes, so... I received a similar reaction.
【Shiho】Shizuku especially liked how it had a fluffy tail. She kept touching it because she thought it felt so nice.
【Shiho】But I had to stop her when she said she'd wear it every day...
【Saki】Haha. That sounds like Shizuku.
【MEIKO】I see... I'm glad they both enjoyed your presents so much.
【MEIKO】However, beside those, I'm sure they appreciate the thought you put into them.
【Shiho】The thought we put into them...?
【MEIKO】Yes. I was only able to play a small role helping pick out your presents for them...
【MEIKO】But you both thought long and hard about what to get them, yes?
【MEIKO】Which is why I believe they both got your message. They know that you wish them both happiness and success in their endeavors.
【Shiho】Right...
【Saki】Yeah, I sure hope so...!
【MEIKO】Now then... Let's go see Rin and the others. I'm curious to get a taste of these potato chips!
【Saki】Oh, right! I need them to try these!
【Saki】I'm sure they're gonna love them! So much that they're gonna forget all about practicing with their tops!
【Shiho】Yeah, yeah.
【MEIKO】Haha. I'm looking forward to seeing what they think.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【Miku】I'm all done cleaning, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Thank you, Miku.
【MEIKO】I know it's a little early, but why don't we have lunch? I'll make us some sandwiches.
[Sound] se00166_b
【MEIKO】(Today's been so calm. I wonder if Kohane and the others are traveling somewhere to perform.)
【MEIKO】(I know how busy they've been lately, but it would be nice to see them.)
[Sound] se00684
[Sound] bgm00000
【Luka】E-E-E-Everyone! You need to hear this!
【Miku】Whoa, you scared me...
【MEIKO】Luka... Please be more gentle when opening the door.
【Luka】I-I'm sorry! But it's an emergency!
【Rin】An emergency?
【Luka】Yes! A square or a plaza or something...! Whatever it is, a new area just appeared in SEKAI!
【KAITO】A new area...?
【Len】She's just trying to pull one over on us again...
[Sound] bgm00018
【Luka】What?!
【Len】Remember what you said the other day? You ran around telling us all about how Crase Cafe had a secret menu with ramen on it!
【Len】We won't be fooled again!
【Luka】N-No, listen! I'm telling you the truth this time!
【MEIKO】(Maybe she is. This doesn't feel like one of her usual fibs...)
【MEIKO】I know how you feel, Len, but I did make you some ramen that time, remember? Why don't we just let that one slide?
【MEIKO】Now, let's go see what she's talking about. I mean, it isn't like her to run around shouting about an “emergency”.
【KAITO】True. And if she is telling the truth... Len, Rin, we need to go see this!
【Len】What? Well, if you two are willing to believe her...
【MEIKO】Alright, Luka, mind showing us the way?
【Luka】Okay! Follow me!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c002501
[Sound] bgm00258
[Caption] ???
【Len & Rin】Wh-What is this place...?!
【KAITO】Luka was right. I've never seen this plaza before.
【MEIKO】Me neither... Have you, Miku?
【Miku】No, this is also my first time seeing it.
【Len】S-So, you weren't kidding...? A completely new area just appeared out of thin air?!
【Luka】Didn't I say that?! I sprinted over to the cafe to tell you all...
【Luka】How do you think I felt when you said that I was lying...?
【Len】Oh... S-Sorry about that...
【Luka】I sure hope so! Why didn't you believe me?!
【MEIKO】Because of your track record.
【KAITO】Still, why'd this place decide to appear all of a sudden?
【MEIKO】The others' feelings must've made a new area form in SEKAI.
【MEIKO】But we'll need to do some exploring in order to find out what feelings went into this place.
【Len】Oh, we're gonna go exploring?! That means we should let Akito and the others know!!
【Len】I'll go tell them now!!
[Sound] se_run_men_001_1
【Miku】You seem awfully calm about this, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Right back at you, Miku.
【Miku】You keeping your cool is the reason I don't feel all that bothered by this.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I'm flattered, Miku. Well, nothing good ever comes from panicking...
【MEIKO】Anyway, why don't we all wait here in the plaza while we wait for the others to arrive? I'd rather not see anyone get lost before they do.
【Rin】But! I wanna go exploring!
【KAITO】To be fair, Len isn't here, so let's wait patiently for them to all get here.
【Rin】Okay, fine...
【MEIKO】(Still... There's something strange about this place.)
【MEIKO】(I'm seeing graffiti everywhere, and each alleyway feels completely different from one another...)
【MEIKO】(What feelings can cause all this?)
【MEIKO】(Hehe. I know I just told Rin to be patient, but I can't wait to start exploring...)
【MEIKO】(Something's changed in the others, and I want to find out what.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c002501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Alleyway
【MEIKO】...
【MEIKO】(So, this wall is how they view RAD WEEKEND...)
【MEIKO】(And they're doing everything they can to surmount it. Despite how tall it is...)
【MEIKO】I mean, it's just so big...
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_1
[Sound] bgm00000
【???】MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Oh, Miku, hello. Can I help you?
【Miku】No, I'm okay... Have you been thinking about the wall again today?
【MEIKO】Yes, my mind just keeps drifting back towards it.
【MEIKO】I knew that surpassing RAD WEEKEND wouldn't be easy. Even so...
【MEIKO】It's hard not to feel a little overwhelmed when you see a physical representation of it like this.
【Miku】I know what you mean.
【Miku】But...
【Miku】For some strange reason, as tall as this wall is, I'm certain that they'll figure out a way over it...
【MEIKO】Me too... Especially considering how ironclad their dedication is.
【MEIKO】It's thanks to that that the wall cracked.
[Sound] bgm00262
【MEIKO】We even get to hear music coming from the other side now.
【MEIKO】Miku, you weren't there when Kohane said this, but...
[Sound] se00053_b
【Kohane】If we do end up surpassing RAD WEEKEND and cause this wall to come crumbling down...
【Kohane】I have a feeling that music from all around the world will come together in the plaza back there.
【Kohane】We're going to surpass RAD WEEKEND, this wall will come down, we'll get to learn about all this music from around the world and keep growing...
【Kohane】It's such an exciting thought! This place is going to be so incredible!
【Miku】She said that? But I understand Kohane's excitement.
【MEIKO】Yes, me too.
【MEIKO】Actually, I feel just as excited as she does...
【MEIKO】The thought of music from all over the world playing in that plaza is so wonderful.
【MEIKO】I can't wait to see what she and the others are like after they've had a chance to see what the world has to offer...
【MEIKO】Hence my excitement.
【Miku】Hehe. Now I'm getting all excited.
【???】Aha! There you two are!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Miku】Oh, speaking of which.
[Sound] se00173_b
【An】We've been looking all over for you two after seeing that you weren't at the cafe!
[Sound] bgm00180
【MEIKO】I'm sorry if we caused you all some concern.
【Toya】No, that's okay. But can we ask what you were doing here?
【MEIKO】Hehe. Nothing much. We were just talking about how we can't wait to see what happens after this wall comes down.
【Miku】What she said. And you'll all need to do your best to make that happen.
【Akito】We know. You don't have to remind us.
【Miku】Anyway, you were looking for us?
【Kohane】Oh, so... We were hoping to get some advice about this one part we've been having trouble singing.
【Miku】Ah, I see.
【MEIKO】Of course, we'd be happy to help.
【MEIKO】Oh, but... I was actually thinking about singing, so would it be possible for me to join you?
【An】What?! You wanna sing with us...?! Yes, you're more than welcome to!
【Kohane】Yes, please do! We'd love to sing with you!
【Miku】Then, let's head over to the plaza.
【An】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
[Sound] se00166_b
【MEIKO】Okay, this should be more than enough cake flour and coffee beans...
【MEIKO】I have everything I need, so I think I'll get started now.
[Sound] se00006_b
【Rin】Hiya!
【Rin】Wait, huh...? MEIKO, are you making something?
【MEIKO】Oh, welcome. I was just thinking about baking a coffee pound cake.
【Len】I don't remember seeing that on the dessert menu. Wait, are you gonna add this to it...?!
【MEIKO】Hehe. Unfortunately, I won't be.
【MEIKO】It's for Toya since he's been working so hard lately.
【Len】Huh? For Toya?
【MEIKO】Yes. He came by the other day wondering what he should do about his song and...
[Sound] se00053_b
【KAITO】What?! You're starting over from scratch?!
【Toya】Yes... No matter how much I try, what I currently have just isn't shaping up to become anything good... So, I feel that starting over is a valid option.
【Toya】I'm sorry, KAITO. After all the help you've given me...
【KAITO】No, don't worry about that! I'll also keep researching what I can.
【Toya】Thank you... I really appreciate it.
【MEIKO】Which is why I'd like to also show my support by doing something for him...
【MEIKO】So, I've decided to bake him a little treat that isn't too sweet using his favorite coffee beans.
【Rin】Hehe. That's so thoughtful of you!
【Len】Oh, MEIKO, can we help you bake it?!
【MEIKO】What?
【Len】I wanna help Toya too!
【Rin】Yeah! I also wanna help!
【MEIKO】Hehe. Thank you both very much... Then, let's all bake it together.
【Rin & Len】Woohoo!
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】Be mindful of the temperature of the eggs and butter because the cake won't rise properly if they're not mixed well.
[Sound] bgm00201
【Rin】Okay!
【MEIKO】Next, we'll start mixing our finely ground coffee beans into the batter.
【Len】Okay! A little bit at a time and...
【Rin】Oh, I wanna do that too!
【MEIKO】Rin, don't mix it too much. Doing so will cause the batter to sink and the cake will become dense.
【Rin】Got it! Still, these coffee beans smell great...
【MEIKO】Yes, they do. However, most of this aroma will be gone after it's finished baking. It'll just be a hint at the end...
【Rin】Which means only we get to experience this great smell!
【MEIKO】Hehe. Yes, you may be right...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00644
【MEIKO】Okay, it's nicely baked...
[Sound] bgm00171
【Rin】Yay!
【MEIKO】Hehe. Very nice work, you two. Why don't we have some tea to celebrate?
[Sound] se00006_b
【KAITO】Oh, something smells nice.
【Len】Hey, KAITO! We just finished baking a coffee pound cake for Toya!
【Rin】You know how Toya's been working super hard lately? We decided to show our support by making him something he'd really like!
【KAITO】Oh, this is for him?
【KAITO】I was hoping to maybe have a little taste, but I guess I can't now that I know who it's for...
【KAITO】But it must be good if you two baked it with MEIKO! I'm sure Toya is going to enjoy it very much!
【Rin】*Nod* Thanks!
【MEIKO】Hehe. KAITO, here's your slice.
【KAITO】What? My slice...?
【MEIKO】Yes. You've been helping Toya quite a lot lately, no?
【MEIKO】I mean, just the other day...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_c000401
【MEIKO】(Is that KAITO? What's he doing here...?)
【KAITO】Oh, this song has a bit of edge to it. Toya could use this as a reference.
【KAITO】It's not quite the same sort of energy he's trying to produce, but it's another idea to keep in mind...
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【MEIKO】You listened to all sorts of songs in hopes that you could give some good advice to Toya, right?
【KAITO】H-How long were you watching me...?!
【MEIKO】Hehe. That's a secret.
【MEIKO】Anyway, this is a little reward for all your efforts. I'm glad you've been there for him.
【KAITO】MEIKO... Thank you very much!
【KAITO】But you're the one who's always there for us and the others!
【KAITO】I think they like visiting SEKAI as often as they do because they know you're going to be here at the cafe.
【Len】Yeah, he's got a point!
【Rin】The way you say, “Welcome,” whenever we walk in always feels so reassuring for some reason!
【KAITO】Exactly! So... Thank you for everything!
【MEIKO】Hehe. You're all very welcome.
【MEIKO】Anyway, let's get that tea ready. I'll pour some for you as well, KAITO, so just give me one minute.
【KAITO】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
[Sound] se00166_b
[Sound] se_walk_women_004_1
【Miku】MEIKO, I have Luka and KAITO's orders.
【Miku】Fruit sandwich combos for the both of them, a matcha latte for Luka and a cafe au lait for KAITO.
【MEIKO】Got it. Thank you.
【Rin】Miku! I wanna order something!
【Miku】Okay, I'll be right there.
[Sound] se_walk_women_004_2
【MEIKO】Phew...
[Sound] se00166_b
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_c000401
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【MEIKO】(I'm still a little worried about Toya...)
【MEIKO】(He said he was going to look back upon his past, but I'm wondering what happened after we last spoke...)
[Sound] se00006_b
【MEIKO】...! Toya...!
【Toya】Hello, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Oh, welcome... Would you mind seating yourself at the counter? Things have been a little hectic today...
【Toya】Of course. And I'll have my usual blend.
【MEIKO】Okay, coming right up.
【MEIKO】You seem a little better today...
【Toya】Yes, and thank you for the other day.
【Toya】I came to report on what I've been doing.
【MEIKO】Huh?
【Toya】I tried reflecting on my past like you suggested, MEIKO.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Toya】And I took that opportunity to face something I wasn't able to before...
【Toya】With the help of my dad, I was able to find a way to forgive myself for what happened.
【Toya】Now, my song is coming along very nicely. I've only just gotten started, but I have a good feeling about it.
【Toya】So, MEIKO, thank you again for what you did.
[Sound] bgm00171
【MEIKO】You're welcome. I'm glad to hear that I was able to help you, Toya.
【Luka】Hmm...?
【Luka】What are you two talking about? It sounds like a secret.
【Rin】No fair! Tell us what's going on!
【Toya】Oh, I was just thanking MEIKO...
【Toya】I wasn't taking care of myself, which caused her quite a bit of concern.
【Miku】He made you concerned?
【MEIKO】He didn't cause me any trouble, but I did have to nurse him a little back to health after I found him stumbling through the streets.
【Len】What?! Is that true?!
【Toya】Yes... I knew it wasn't a good idea to push myself so hard, but I felt pressured to succeed.
【Toya】That was when MEIKO scolded me.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_c000401
【MEIKO】No. I can't just let you wallow in pain.
【MEIKO】Sit tight. I'll go get you a drink from the cafe.
【Toya】No, you don't have to...
【MEIKO】Toya, do as I say.
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【Toya】That gave me the time I needed to settle myself down.
【KAITO】Oh, I had no idea...
【Len】Still, MEIKO, I'm having a hard time imagining you scolding Toya like that...
【MEIKO】Hehe. There's no reason to since Toya's usually so responsible.
【MEIKO】I wanted to respect Toya's wishes since he was working so seriously at the time...
【MEIKO】But I became worried that his health would take a turn for the worse if he kept going at that rate.
【Miku】So, you gave him a bit of tough love...?
【MEIKO】Yes, I did.
【KAITO】Hm...? Then, that means you keep scolding us because...
【Luka】I-I'm so sorry, MEIKO! I had no idea! Now I feel awful about running away all those times!
【KAITO】Me too! I didn't realize you were thinking about what's best for us.
【Luka & KAITO】Thank you, MEIKO!!!
【MEIKO】You two aren't feeling nearly as remorseful as you should.
【Luka & KAITO】Huh?
【MEIKO】Sit down. You're both long overdue for a proper scolding.
【Len】Uh oh...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000102
[Caption] School SEKAI
【MEIKO】Okay, the plates and spoons are all set.
【MEIKO】*Nod* Everything's ready.
[Sound] se00046_b
【Rin】Hiya! Oh, there really is curry here!
【Len】We decided to come over after Miku and Luka said that there's a curry party going on, but... Where'd you guys get this?
【MEIKO】Honami brought it over a second ago.
【KAITO】Honami did?
【MEIKO】Yes. She apparently made some as a present for Ichika and Saki to have during their songwriting camp...
【MEIKO】And she was kind enough to make enough for us.
【Rin】Wow! Hona's so sweet!
【Luka】Hehe. Yes, she really is.
【KAITO】This curry looks good...
【Miku】This is Honami we're talking about, so I'm sure she put quite a lot of effort into it.
【Rin】Yeah, definitely! There's no way it's not gonna be amazing♪
【MEIKO】Anyway, now that we're all here, let's start digging in.
【MEIKO】The rice is in that plastic container. Please use this ladle for the curry...
【Rin】Okay! I call first dibs☆
【Miku】Wait, Rin!
【Rin】Heehee. I'm gonna grab myself tons of shrimp!
【Len】Hey, slow down! Don't take so much!
【Luka】Is there going to be any left for the rest of us...?
【MEIKO】Stop right there. Put the ladle down, Rin!
【MEIKO】*Sigh* At the rate you were going, there really wasn't going to be anything left for the rest of us.
【Rin】Sorry...
【Len】Honestly...
【Luka】To be fair, I don't blame Rin for trying. A free-for-all does sort of mean some getting more than others.
【MEIKO】Yes, that's true...
【MEIKO】Alright, let's do this.
【MEIKO】I'll make a plate for each of you.
【KAITO】Wait, MEIKO, are you sure?
【MEIKO】Yes, since we'll get more even servings if one person handles that task.
【Miku】Sure, but it's like we're having a school lunch now...
【Rin】Yeah, you're right! That sounds like fun, so I'm in!
【MEIKO】Okay. Then, form a line and I'll start serving up this curry!
【Everyone】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000102
【Rin】Oh, MEIKO! Can I have a little more shrimp?!
[Sound] bgm00171
【MEIKO】You already have plenty. The rest is for the others.
【Rin】Okay...
【KAITO】Oh, sorry... Can I have a little more rice, MEIKO? I'm actually pretty hungry...
【MEIKO】More rice...? That should be fine since it seemed like we were going to have extra anyway. So, here's a nice, big serving.
【KAITO】Thank you...
【Miku】Hehe. This really feels like a school lunch.
【Luka】Yes, it does. While we're at it, why don't we put our desks together?
【Rin】Oh, nice idea! Gimme a sec to bring my desk over that way!
[Sound] se00729
[Sound] se00729
【MEIKO】Actually, this is kind of nice.
【Len】But a little embarrassing at the same time. I'm not sure how I feel about us facing each other like this while we eat.
【Luka】Hehe. That's understandable. But it might be fun to do something like this every once in a while.
【Rin】Yeah, totally☆ Anyway, MEIKO, you gotta do the thing.
【MEIKO】The thing...?
【MEIKO】Hehe. Oh, is that what you mean? Got it.
【MEIKO】Alright, everyone, are you all ready?
【MEIKO】Let's eat.
【Everyone】Let's eat! Let's eaaat!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Luka】Ichika and Saki came up with such an incredible debut single.
【Luka】It embodies both of them... It's the perfect song for introducing Leo/need to the world.
【Miku】I agree. I'm really looking forward to hearing them play it as a band.
[Sound] se00046_b
【Miku】Oh, MEIKO. I thought you were practicing with Rin.
【MEIKO】I'm taking a short break. KAITO is keeping her company for now.
【MEIKO】What are you two doing here?
【Luka】Miku and I were just talking about the girls' debut single.
【MEIKO】Oh, that song? Talk about an incredible piece of music.
【MEIKO】Not only that, compared to their other ones, this felt really new and fresh for some reason.
【Miku】Oh, I think I know what you mean. It must be because they wrote it together.
【Luka】I agree. Ichika said that she'd try to do what we did in terms of turning Saki's thoughts and feelings into music...
【Luka】And she couldn't have achieved a better result.
【Miku】*Nod* Also, something tells me that Ichika was the only person who could turn Saki's feelings into such an incredible song.
【Miku】I mean, she seemed so determined to make sure it turned out well.
【MEIKO】Yes, I agree...
【MEIKO】I still can't believe how Ichika and Saki were able to come up with such an incredible song in such a short amount of time.
【MEIKO】But at the same time...
【MEIKO】I don't think they're fully satisfied.
【Miku】Not fully satisfied...? Because they had to make a fairly drastic change?
【MEIKO】Yes... Of course, them choosing to make that change wasn't bad or anything.
【MEIKO】But it's just...
【MEIKO】They didn't get to do what they actually wanted, which I'm sure frustrates them.
【Luka】Right...
【Luka】I'm guessing they were both hoping to work in all of their feelings.
【MEIKO】Yes, since they're both really kind and such close friends. And I doubt either wanted to give on their ideas.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I mean, they ended up fighting. I think that's a testament to how determined they both were...
【Miku】Yes, that's true...
【Miku】But you sound strangely happy about that, MEIKO...
【MEIKO】Yes, well...
【MEIKO】I'm looking forward to the future is all.
【MEIKO】Those two went through a bit of a rough patch...
【MEIKO】But they still ended up accomplishing their goal.
【MEIKO】They were tasked with writing Leo/need's debut single together from start to finish, which was a completely new challenge for them.
【MEIKO】But that's not all.
【MEIKO】They ended up fighting over what it should be about...
【MEIKO】They were both determined to write it a certain way. Neither was willing to yield to the other, and they've both learned that about themselves.
【MEIKO】Which I think is a big step forward.
【Miku】A big step...?
【MEIKO】Yes, and this experience should prove invaluable to them both.
【MEIKO】So, I believe the inability to do everything they wanted will cause them to grow even more in the future.
【MEIKO】As they experience new things and take on new challenges, they'll learn to write even better songs.
【MEIKO】And someday, they'll be able to write a song that encompasses both of their feelings.
【MEIKO】I'm certain of that after seeing what happened this time around.
【Miku】They're going to grow even more...?
【Luka】Hehe. I'm definitely looking forward to that happening...
【MEIKO】They've written their debut single, but their journey as pros is just beginning...
【MEIKO】I really can't wait to see how their story unfolds.
【Miku】*Nod* Me neither.
【Luka】Hehe. We'll need to keep a close eye on them.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000102
[Caption] Between Worlds
【MEIKO】Another day, and still so many feelings to see.
【MEIKO】Also...
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Background Change] bg_c000401
[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Background Change] bg_e000501
[Background Change] bg_g000102
【MEIKO】I sense even stronger feelings than ever coming from their SEKAI.
【MEIKO】I'm sure that's thanks to their efforts, plus the support of each version of us.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I wonder how that version of me I met is doing.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_g000601
【MEIKO】So, again, thank you!
[Background Change] bg_g000102
【MEIKO】I'd love to have a chat like that with the other versions of me too.
【MEIKO】Oh, that reminds me... Some SEKAI have changed through the power of the feelings that form them.
【MEIKO】I haven't seen yet, so I'll go take a little peek, and see how those versions of me are doing while I'm...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00752
[Sound] se00752
【MEIKO】Whoa, what's going on?
[Sound] se00752
【MEIKO】The feelings are suddenly getting so powerful...
[Sound] se00752
[Sound] se00092_b
【MEIKO】Huh?! Wh-What is happening?!
[Sound] se00752
[Background Change] bg_g000901
[Caption] ???
【MEIKO】Phew... That startled me...
【MEIKO】I definitely wasn't expecting the floating fragments of feelings to rush in and push me around like that...
【MEIKO】Actually, where am I...?
【MEIKO】There's no doubt that this is a fragment SEKAI. I must have touched a fragment just now.
【MEIKO】I'd kind of feel bad looking in on someone's feelings under this circumstance, so I suppose I'll just wait a...
【MEIKO】Hm?
【MEIKO】What was that...? It felt like someone was calling out to me just now...
【MEIKO】Also, there's something glowing over there.
【MEIKO】Maybe I'll go take a quick look.
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【MEIKO】It should be around here...
【MEIKO】Ah, these must be the source of the glow!
【MEIKO】Photos...? I'm not sure that's quite right, but anyway, the SEKAI versions of us are in them!
【MEIKO】Me in a band, me as an idol... As a cafe owner, as a member of an acting troupe...
【MEIKO】Oh, and there's the one I met before!
【MEIKO】Also... I sense powerful feelings in these photos, or whatever they are.
【MEIKO】Maybe if I touch one...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00092_b
[Background Change] bg_e000501
【Luka】MEIKO, there's a little thread on your shoulder. Here, I'll get it for you.
[Sound] bgm_area00005
【MEIKO】... I'm perfectly capable of doing that myself.
【Luka】You are? Well, it's on your left shoulder.
【MEIKO】(My left...)
[Sound] se00118_b
【MEIKO】...
【Luka】Hehehe. Your cheeks are softer than I expected, MEIKO.
[Sound] se00118_b
【MEIKO】What do you think you're doing?
【Luka】What do you mean? I'm toying with you. I was so very bored.
【MEIKO】... I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't use others for your own enjoyment.
[Sound] se00025_b
【Luka】Oh, it seems they've arrived.
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_1
【MEIKO】*Sigh* Finally, some peace and quiet.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000901
【MEIKO】... It looks like my hunch was right, and each of these is made from the feelings of our SEKAI selves.
【MEIKO】That means...
【MEIKO】This could very well be a fragment SEKAI born from their feelings.
【MEIKO】In any case...
【MEIKO】Hehe. It was so cute to see that version of me getting teased by Luka.
【MEIKO】I've been watching over them all this time, so I can't believe I was missing out on that endearing side of her.
【MEIKO】I know. I think I'll take this chance to get in touch with the feelings of my other versions as well.
【MEIKO】Let's see, next...
【MEIKO】Oh, I'll try this one!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00092_b
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Sound] se00092_b
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【MEIKO】Look, everyone! These practice outfits are so white they're sparkling!
[Sound] bgm_area00002
【Miku】They are! Where'd you find those, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Hehe. I noticed this box backstage while I was taking a walk and having a think.
【MEIKO】And when I opened it, these were inside♪
【MEIKO】SEKAI must be supporting me in what I want to do!
【Luka】Oh yes, you said you were thinking about something on your walk.
【MEIKO】Right! That being...
【MEIKO】A training camp!!!
【KAITO】A...
【Everyone】Training camp?!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000901
[Caption] ???
【MEIKO】Hehe. That's right, I remember this.
【MEIKO】And after that, even the owners of that SEKAI's feelings went to the beach for a training camp.
【MEIKO】Oh, I remember this too.
[Sound] se00092_b
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【MEIKO】You have a talent for seeing the good in people, Kohane.
[Sound] bgm00054
【MEIKO】You have a wonderful heart that finds the best in others and an ability to establish goals based on those qualities.
【MEIKO】But I also agree that you could commit to yourself more. Have more confidence in yourself, you know...?
【MEIKO】Believe in the part of you that can see those qualities in people.
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Sound] se00751
【Rin】MEIKO... The cup's already crystal clear, so why are you still polishing it?
【MEIKO】Hehe. This is like a little spell of sorts.
【Len】A spell?
【MEIKO】Yes. Even though she's spent so much time polishing herself and can already shine so brilliantly, she's still convinced she's dull... I'm doing this for her.
【MEIKO】... All done. Perfect.
【Len】Whoa!
【Rin】It's super sparkly!
【MEIKO】Isn't it?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000901
【MEIKO】The idol me comes to the forefront and pulls everyone forward, but the cafe owner version of me is the type to give someone that sort of gentle push from behind.
【MEIKO】I've watched over her in plenty of moments like this, but it's always unfair how she's so calm, cool and collected.
【MEIKO】Hm? This one...
[Sound] se00092_b
[Background Change] bg_f000101
【MEIKO】Honami was really concerned...
[Sound] bgm_area00001
【MEIKO】Something about this is so frustrating. A kind girl like her is suffering because of that kindness...
【MEIKO】If she's still feeling that way when I see her next, I should take her mind off things with something fun to talk about.
【MEIKO】Hm... Something fun...
【MEIKO】Oh yeah, I think they brought over some drinks. I guess I'll have one while I brainstorm.
【MEIKO】Oh... This is the last one.
【MEIKO】No one's looking, so it's mine.
[Sound] se00628
[Sound] se00240_b
【MEIKO】Mmm! So good!
【MEIKO】Now then, time to come up with that fun topic for her.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000901
【MEIKO】Hehe. If Rin or Len had been there in that moment, she definitely would've had her ear talked off about how unfair that was.
【MEIKO】Anyway, I wonder if she thought of something fun to talk about. I hope I can hear it from her someday.
【MEIKO】Okay, that leaves...
【MEIKO】I remember this well.
[Sound] se00092_b
[Background Change] bg_d000501
【Emu】You gotta hear this...! I... I...!
【Emu】*Sob* I...
[Sound] se00525_b
【Rui】We... We get to keep doing shows together.
[Sound] bgm00175
【Len】That's great, Emu...!
【Rin】*Cry* Emuuu!!!
[Sound] se00121_b
【Emu】Thanks, you guys...!
【Emu】And I'm really sorry for making you worry so much, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Oh, don't mind me♪ All's well that ends well, right?
【MEIKO】Even in shows, it's not so often you get to see such a happy ending.
【KAITO】You're right...
【Luka】Hehehe. You ended up crying too, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】I-I couldn't help it. When I saw all of them crying, I just...
【MEIKO】Oh... Even just remembering it...
【KAITO】Hehe. MEIKO might actually be the biggest crybaby out of all of us.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000901
【MEIKO】I was also concerned over how things would turn out as I watched over them, so I really understand how she ended up crying too.
【MEIKO】They struggled and searched for anything they could do, and gave it all so much thought...
【MEIKO】We both know everything that went into that happy ending.
【MEIKO】I'm so glad...
【MEIKO】And thank you, SEKAI me. For fighting for them all the way through.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000102
[Sound] bgm00036
[Caption] Between Worlds
【MEIKO】Oh... I guess I'm back.
【MEIKO】Still, I can't believe I was able to get in touch with the feelings of those SEKAI versions of me.
【MEIKO】Maybe...
【MEIKO】Could it be that my wish to meet them was heard by those SEKAI?
【MEIKO】... Hehe. As if.
【MEIKO】I'm sure the SEKAI versions of us are still thinking about the others even in this moment.
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】(And I know what I can do for them...)
【MEIKO】♪—— ♪————
[Sound] bgm00285
【MEIKO】(No matter what, the people behind each SEKAI have their version of me by their side.)
【MEIKO】(And those versions of me each have reliable friends in Miku and the others.)
【MEIKO】♪—— ♪————
【MEIKO】(I'm sure you'll be able to continue the way you've been going...)
[Background Change] bg_e000501
【MEIKO】♪————...
【MEIKO】...?
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【MEIKO】Oh...?
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【MEIKO】Someone's singing...?
[Background Change] bg_f000101
【MEIKO】I don't know who it is, but it's nice. I can't let myself get shown up like this.
[Background Change] bg_d000501
【MEIKO】Singing...
【MEIKO】It feels like it's cheering me on somehow!
【MEIKO】Alright! I'm gonna work my hardest for today's show too!
[Background Change] bg_g000102
【MEIKO】♪—— ♪————
【MEIKO】I'm here too, cheering all of you on.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000102
[Caption] Between Worlds
【MEIKO】Hmm...
【Miku】Oh, MEIKO...! I didn't realize you were back.
【Len】What's wrong? Is something bothering you?
【MEIKO】So...
【MEIKO】I just went over to see what was going on in the SEKAI where I run a cafe, but...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【Luka】*Sigh* How does MEIKO make coffee this good?
[Sound] bgm00054
【KAITO】Great question. This might be all I need today.
【MEIKO】Then, does that mean you don't want these sandwiches?
【KAITO】Hmm... I'm actually pretty happy right now, so I think I will pass on them.
【Luka】What? Then, I'm not leaving any for you.
【KAITO】You could show a little more restraint, Luka...
【KAITO】Still, I don't mind. They're all yours.
[Sound] se00702
【KAITO】Mmm... The coffee you made today is so rejuvenating for some reason.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I'm glad you're enjoying it.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000102
【Len】Going a whole day on just coffee? It must be really amazing!
[Sound] bgm00036
【KAITO】What do you think it tastes like? Just once, I'd like to try it.
【MEIKO】See what I mean?
【MEIKO】After I got back, I began wondering how I could get a cup of her coffee.
【Miku】Hmm... But that's going to be difficult...
【MEIKO】I know.
【Len】Wait a second...!
【Len】If we managed to get all the right equipment somehow, do you think we could do it ourselves?
【MEIKO】Do what ourselves...?
【Len】Brew coffee and make food!
【MEIKO】Maybe...
【MEIKO】We could watch how that other me works and try copying what she does...
【Len】Then, we gotta learn as much as we can just in case we happen to get that opportunity!
【Len】To brew our own coffee and make our own food!
【KAITO】Haha. You're always so optimistic, Len.
【MEIKO】He is.
【MEIKO】(I have a feeling that he's saying this for me...)
【MEIKO】Thank you, Len. I appreciate your wonderful suggestion.
【Len】Hehe. You're welcome!
【Len】But I really am interested in learning how you actually brew coffee.
【KAITO】Yes, since which beans you use and how you prepare them can dramatically change how your coffee ultimately tastes.
【KAITO】While we're on the subject, the me from that SEKAI is also very good at brewing coffee, yes?
【Miku】Yes, but he doesn't do it very often because he considers it a bit of a chore...
【MEIKO】Right.
【MEIKO】But KAITO has a point. It may be fun to observe how they each go about brewing coffee.
【KAITO】Then, why don't we go take a look at that SEKAI again?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【MEIKO】Huh...?
【Miku】The cafe's completely empty...
【Len】But you just saw those three here a second ago, right, MEIKO? Where could they have gone?
【MEIKO Singing】♪—— ♪————
[Sound] bgm00112
[Background Change] bg_g000102
【MEIKO】That singing...
【Len】It's that SEKAI's MEIKO!
【Luka & KAITO Singing】♪—— ♪————!
【KAITO】Oh, I also hear Luka and me singing...
【MEIKO】They must be singing together...
【Miku】Isn't it pretty rare for MEIKO to leave her cafe to go sing like this?
【MEIKO】Yes. But...
【MEIKO & Co. Singing】♪—— ♪————!!
【MEIKO】What a wonderful song. Just listening to them puts me in a good mood.
【Len】Same here!
【Len】Maybe her coffee made them so happy that they couldn't help but start singing.
【KAITO】Haha. That certainly sounds like something that SEKAI's me would say.
【Miku】Unfortunately, we may not get to see her cook anything for a little while...
【MEIKO】Yes, but we should have plenty of other opportunities to as long as we keep watching over them like this.
【MEIKO】So, for now, let's enjoy this lovely song.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000102
[Caption] Between Worlds
【MEIKO】Let's see... I've already had a chance to see band me...
【MEIKO】I promised Luka that we'd go over to see the idol versions of us later...
【MEIKO】So, I think I'll go over to see that SEKAI again...
[Background Change] bg_c000501
【Miku】MEIKO, I need a cafe au lait and a cream soda. I'll take this orange juice and juice mix over to Len and Rin.
[Sound] bgm00054
【MEIKO】Okay, thank you.
【Len】Need some help, Miku?
【Miku】I'm okay. Just sit tight.
【KAITO】That's so nice of you to offer her a hand.
【Luka】We probably wouldn't help even if they asked us to♪
【Rin】Seriously? I feel like you should help someone out if they ask.
【Len】Yeah. Especially considering how many drinks and dishes they've made for you guys.
[Sound] se_walk_women_004_1
【Miku】Hehe. You two are so much more mature than them. Anyway, here's your orange juice and your juice mix.
[Sound] se00059_b
【Rin & Len】Thanks!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000102
【MEIKO】They're all at the cafe today. Things seem to be fun and lively...
【???】MEIKO!
【MEIKO】Huh?
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_1
[Sound] se_walk_men_001_1
【MEIKO】Welcome back. You went over to see a show in that other SEKAI, yes?
[Sound] bgm00036
【KAITO】Yes, it was fun, exciting and full of surprises.
【Rin】They even performed a bunch of cool magic tricks and stuff♪
【MEIKO】Oh, now I regret going over to see another SEKAI instead of following you two.
【KAITO】They're apparently doing more showings of it for a little while, so you should still have plenty of chances to see it.
【MEIKO】Really? In that case, it might be good to invite the others along.
【Rin】Yeah, great idea! And don't forget to invite me, because I wanna see it again!
【MEIKO】Yes, of course.
【KAITO】Anyway, MEIKO, what were you doing just now? You mentioned something about seeing various different places today...
【MEIKO】I decided to go see how I was doing at the cafe before heading over to see my idol self.
【MEIKO】And everybody was there. It felt so lively.
【Rin】Really?!
【Rin】Until not too long ago, Luka and KAITO didn't really visit much. But now, it's like they're there all the time.
【MEIKO】Yes, they are.
【KAITO】Come to think of it, the Luka and me from that SEKAI didn't actually introduce themselves to Kohane and the others for a very long time.
【Rin】Yeah, that's right!
【Rin】Lemme think... I vaguely remember KAITO talking to MEIKO about rice omelets or something...
【KAITO】Rice omelets...?
【MEIKO】He noticed that she didn't have them on the menu and said that he'd come back when she added them.
【KAITO】I-Is that true...?
【MEIKO】Meanwhile, Luka kept wandering around the back alleys because of how they felt like a fun maze.
【KAITO】Haha... Those two really are free spirits...
【Rin】But none of the other versions of you are really like them, so watching them is always fun.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I agree.
【MEIKO】Kohane and the others do sort of have a habit of pushing themselves too hard, so those two could help remind them that it's important to take breaks every now and then.
【KAITO】I hope you're right...
【MEIKO】Also, those two being a bit of a handful will keep the me of that SEKAI more than busy.
【MEIKO】I think she became the barista that she is because KAITO is such a stickler when it comes to coffee.
【Rin】Yeah, didn't she practice by brewing batches and batches of coffee?
【MEIKO】She did.
【MEIKO】It seems that she likes to do her very best for others.
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Background Change] bg_g000102
【MEIKO】Which must mean running a cafe is her calling.
【MEIKO】(And I hope you keep being the person that everybody looks to for help.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Haruka】A morning run, a hundred reps of exercises that we can do in our spare time and...
【MEIKO】Your training schedules seem to be coming along nicely.
【Haruka】Thanks. I wouldn't have been able to do this without you, MEIKO.
【Haruka】What you said helped me figure out which exercises to choose, how many reps to do and when.
【MEIKO】I'm glad to hear that♪
【Minori】Oh, have you finished coming up with those training schedules for Shinobi Battle?
【Rin】I wanna see them♪
【Haruka】Sure. Actually, I'd like to hear what you guys think. Let me know if anything sticks out to you.
【Len】Based on what I overheard just now, what you came up with sounded pretty intense.
[Sound] se00122_b
【KAITO】Oh... W-Wow...
【Shizuku】Run five kilometers in the morning, do three sets of a hundred squats and twenty-second planks, and then go to school...?
【Airi】I get that you guys don't have a lot of time to train for this, but talk about going full throttle...
【MEIKO】Oh, is it too much?
【MEIKO】But considering the strength and stamina they're going to need, they're going to have to push themselves at least this hard...
【Haruka】Right. I crammed in everything that I thought we could do.
【Haruka】So it's going to come down to whether or not those two can hang on...
【MEIKO】Based on what you've all told me about how they train and exercise on a regular basis, I believe they'll be able to get through this.
【MEIKO】Oh, I know! Len, KAITO, would you two be up for a little challenge?
【Len & KAITO】What?!
【MEIKO】These training schedules were designed with two boys in mind, yes?
【MEIKO】So, I thought you two could do a quick test run for us...
【Len】Yeah, I guess we are the only ones you can ask.
【KAITO】Okay. Then, let's give it a try.
【Haruka】Thank you both very much!
【MEIKO】Then, let's start with...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Caption] Several dozen minutes later
【KAITO】N-No more...
[Sound] bgm00015
[Sound] se00107_b
【Len】I-I'm also done...
[Sound] se00107_b
【Minori】Oh no! KAITO! Len!
【MEIKO】Thank you both very much... Your sacrifice will not go to waste.
【MEIKO】Let's reorder the exercises that those two will be doing, and adjust the reps for each.
【Haruka】Okay!
【Haruka】But we've only talked about what they'll be doing in the morning. If possible, I'd also like to discuss their schedules for the afternoon...
【Miku】Here's some water, you two. I'll use these fans to cool you off.
【Luka】I don't think Len and KAITO are going to be able to move for a little while...
【MEIKO】Okay... Then...
【Minori】I...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】I-I'll help...!
【Minori】I've been training with you and the others, Haruka, so I should be able to provide you with some good data!
【Haruka】Minori...
【Shizuku】I'd like to help as well.
【Airi】Doing every set might not be possible, but we should be able to help you come up with the best order for these exercises.
【Haruka】All of you...
【MEIKO】Isn't that wonderful, Haruka?
【Haruka】*Nod*
【MEIKO】I really appreciate you girls' commitment.
【MEIKO】So, just do the exercises in the order I tell you!
【Shizuku, Minori & Airi】Yes! Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Caption] Several dozen minutes later
[Sound] bgm00200
【Miku】Are you okay, everyone?! I'll get you some water now!
[Sound] se_run_women_002_1
【Minori】*Sob* Rin... Are my arms still attached to my body...?
【Rin】Y-Yeah, don't worry! They still are!
【Minori】Then... Wh-What about my legs...?
【Rin】They're also fine! Stay with me, Minori!
【Haruka】Thank you for helping me with this, Minori... I know you're really sore, so I'll carry you home.
【Minori】Carry me...?!
[Sound] se00107_b
【Haruka】Oh...
【Rin】Minoriii!!
【Luka】That may've been the final blow... How are you two feeling, Shizuku, Airi?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shizuku】Okay... I'd like to take a break, but I think I'll manage...
【Airi】I'm just glad that we were able to figure out the best order for these exercises...
【MEIKO】I really appreciate it, everyone. Thank you all for your hard work.
[Sound] bgm00024
【MEIKO】All that's left is to have your teammates try out the completed schedules, no?
【Haruka】Right...
【Haruka】I have a friend who knows Tenma and Shinonome pretty well, so I might ask her for some advice before doing that.
【Airi】Sounds good. But I'm sure they'll both be fine.
【Airi】Akito's a good guy who always does his best when he's up against a serious challenge.
【Shizuku】The same goes for Tsukasa.
【Shizuku】So I'm sure they'll both do their very best to meet your effort and expectations, Haruka.
【Haruka】Thanks...!
【Haruka】Thank you as well, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】No, I should be the one thanking you! I had a lot of fun working on this with you♪
【MEIKO】Go out there and win! I believe in you, Haruka!
【Haruka】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【MEIKO】Thank you for showing us that video of you and your team competing in Shinobi Battle, Haruka♪
【Rin】That was so cool! Even though I knew I was watching a video, I couldn't help but cheer for you guys.
【Minori】I know how you feel! I did the exact same thing!
【KAITO】From the first person to the very last, this competition felt like a continuous highlight reel.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
【Tsukasa's Voice】Yes! I'm almost... Huh?!
[Sound] bgm00190
【Miku】Oh no! He fell!
【Len】No, wait! He's clinging to the bottom of the log!
【Commentator】<Wait, he's stopped all of a sudden! Is something wrong?>
【Luka】He was doing so well. What happened?
【Haruka】It's hard to see from this video, but the strap for his left foot broke.
【Shizuku】Oh, we had no idea. The announcer didn't really say what had happened while we were streaming.
【Airi】I mean, why didn't they call a timeout?! It seems really unfair for him to lose time because of an equipment malfunction!
【Commentator】<That gust came out of nowhere!>
【Minori】I can't watch! This part always makes my heart jitter!
【Miku】You can do it, Haruka!
【MEIKO】Don't worry! She'll find a way out of this!
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】Hehe. They all cheered their lungs out♪
[Sound] bgm00018
【Haruka】*Nod* I'm glad they enjoyed everything.
【Haruka】We weren't able to win, but I think we did as well as we did because you helped me come up with those training schedules.
【Haruka】Again, MEIKO, I can't thank you enough.
【MEIKO】You're very welcome♪
【Len】But that was such an exciting competition. Now I feel like exercising and stuff too.
【Airi】I know how you feel! The variety-show star in me can't keep herself still!
【MEIKO】Hehe. That's wonderful! I wish there were something we could do to work off some of that energy...
【KAITO】Actually, I think I have just what you all need.
[Sound] bgm00000
【KAITO】Here we are.
[Sound] bgm00006
[Sound] se00186_b
【MEIKO】Oh, these are...!
【Minori】The equipment you use during checkups and stuff! Like this one, you use it to measure your grip strength!
【Shizuku】And this one is for doing... Umm... Seated forward bends?
【Airi】You've even got a tape measure, a stopwatch and data sheets!
【KAITO】MEIKO said she wanted to run a fitness exam after you girls held that training camp. So, she asked me to gather everything we'd need.
【MEIKO】And now we finally can! Thank you, KAITO!
【Len】Fitness exams? That does sound like fun.
【Rin】I bet I'll do great at that thing where you hop from side to side!
【Airi】Are you talking about side steps? I'm also pretty good at those!
【MEIKO】Hehe. Things are getting heated already♪
【MEIKO】So, why don't we all participate?!
【Minori, Haruka, Airi & Shizuku】<Ready!>
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00052
[Caption] Grip Strength Test
【Miku】Nnn!
【Minori】Hnng!
【MEIKO】Hrgh!
【Luka】Oh, MEIKO, you made that look so easy. I don't think anyone's going to beat your score.
【MEIKO】Yay♪
[Caption] Side Step Test
[Sound] se00157_b
【Rin】Goooooo!
[Sound] se00157_b
[Sound] se00157_b
【Airi】Left! Right! Left!
[Sound] se00157_b
【Shizuku】I think Airi has a slight lead!
【MEIKO】You're both doing great!
[Caption] Standing Long Jump Test
【Shizuku】Create momentum by swinging your arms as hard as you can. One, two, three...
【Haruka】Huh? Shizuku...? You just seem to be doing squats at this point...
【Airi】She isn't sure when to jump...
[Caption] Twenty-Meter Shuttle Run Test
[Sound] se00627
[Sound] se00627
【KAITO】Huff... Huff... I think I'm done...
【Luka】Nice work, KAITO. Why don't we rest over here?
[Sound] se00627
[Sound] se00627
【Minori】Haruka and MEIKO are still going strong.
【Airi】Darn it. I used too much energy during the side step test.
[Sound] se00627
[Sound] se00627
【Luka】So... Do we have a winner?
[Sound] bgm00000
【KAITO】Alright, I'll announce our overall winner.
【Minori】It's gotta be Haruka or MEIKO.
【Miku】They both did very well during every test.
【KAITO】In first place, we have...!
[Sound] se00230_b
[Sound] se00230_b
[Sound] se00231_b
【KAITO】MEIKO and Haruka! It's a tie!
【Haruka】What...?!
[Sound] se00340_b
[Sound] se00470_b
【Airi】Congratulations, Haruka!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Rin】Congratulations, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】Hehe. Thank you all!
【MEIKO】I knew that we were neck and neck all throughout, but I didn't think it'd end in a tie like this!
【Haruka】Me neither. I'm just as surprised. I thought that I'd do well, but not this well.
【Haruka】I think it's because of the exercises you suggested that we do as part of our training, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】I think we have a nice rivalry on our hands now♪
【MEIKO】But I'm going to win it all next time we do this.
【Haruka】Not so fast. I have to do well again to make sure everyone knows that today's result wasn't just a fluke.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【MEIKO】Hehe♪ I'm really looking forward to today's show!
【Miku】Tsukasa and everyone really seemed excited! “Our present for your anniversary will be a show just for you!”☆
【Rin】Yeah♪ But, I wonder what kind of story it'll be?
【Luka】Maybe one where there are suddenly a hundred MEIKOs?
【MEIKO】A hundred of me?! I feel like I'd be able to do anything, with that many of myself around!
【KAITO】Ah, look! It's starting!
【Miku, Rin & Len】Okay!
[Sound] se00470_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【Girl】“Oh no... What should I do? The sun's already done down.”
[Sound] bgm00016
【Narrator】“For this young girl, a night all alone held nothing but terrors. Even the bustling town streets seemed like a parade of terrible giants.”
【MEIKO】(Poor thing...)
【MEIKO】(The young girl plans to make stew to celebrate her parents' anniversary...)
【MEIKO】(But she can't find milk or cheese anywhere, and now the sun's gone down...)
【Rin】I wonder what's gonna happen...
【Girl】“I'm scared... Mommy, Daddy...”
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【???】“Oh? Excuse me, miss! Are you okay?”
【Girl】“Huh?”
【Girl】“Who are you, lady?”
【MEIKO】“I just happened to be passing by. Call me MEIKO!”
【MEIKO】Huh? It's me?
【MEIKO】“What's wrong, sweetie? Can you tell me?”
[Sound] bgm00024
【Girl】“Um, so...”
【Len】So, by MEIKO, they mean you, right?
【KAITO】She talks just the way you do, so I think so. But I never expected MEIKO to appear as a character in the show.
【MEIKO】“I see, so that's what happened! Hmm, still...”
【MEIKO】“You were so brave to come out on this errand. I'd like to show you that this town isn't a scary place at all.”
[Sound] se00559
【Girl】“Huh?! W-Where are we going?!”
【MEIKO】“Right over here! See the buildings right there? Their windows are shaped like stars.”
【MEIKO】“When it gets dark, the lights inside shine out, and it's like a beautiful starry sky!”
【Girl】“Wow, you're right!”
【MEIKO】“Hehe, there's a smile. Okay, let's get your shopping done! I know a place nearby that sells cheese...”
【Luka】Hehehe... She's just like you, MEIKO.
【KAITO】Yes. Considerate, bright and cheerful, and kind.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Girl】“MEIKO! Thank you for bringing me home!”
【MEIKO】“Hehe, it was no problem at all. I had fun, too! See you around!”
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【Girl】“Oh, please wait a moment!”
【MEIKO】“Huh?”
【Girl】“Um... Please take this! As thanks!”
[Sound] bgm00017
【MEIKO】“This is... A plushie?”
【Girl】“Yes. Thank you for rescuing me.”
【Girl】“You showed me not all scary things are scary, and taught me so much... I'm so glad I met you!”
【MEIKO】“I'm glad, too!”
【MEIKO】“Now, your parents must be waiting, so hurry on home. And wish them a happy anniversary from me!”
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00470_b
【Rui】Hehe. Did you enjoy our performance?
[Sound] bgm00171
【MEIKO】I was so surprised to see myself appear in your show! Thank you for this wonderful present!
【Tsukasa】Oh, it's too early for thanks just yet! We have more presents for you!
【MEIKO】Huh?
【Emu】Hehehe, ta-da! Here's a present just for you, MEIKO!
【KAITO】Oh, is that the plushie the girl from the show gave her?
【Nene】That's right. We all feel the same way the girl did, after all. “We're so glad we met you.”
【Nene】We all agreed that once the show was over, we'd give this to you.
【MEIKO】Hehe, I should be thanking you all!
【MEIKO】I'm so grateful to have met you all. It's made me so happy to watch over you as you grow.
【MEIKO】Now then, I can't just sit still after getting such wonderful presents. I'll have to repay you! How about with a song?
【Tsukasa】Wait just a minute, MEIKO! If you repay our celebration, we'll have to repay your repayment!
【Emu】Hehehe, it'll be a repaying battle! Wait, doesn't that mean we would get to celebrate every day?!
【Tsukasa】It's true, we would get to hold as many celebrations as... Wait, no!!! Once we start, we would never, ever end!
【KAITO】Haha...
【KAITO】MEIKO, they're being so sincere. Best to just go ahead and accept.
【MEIKO】Hehe, I guess so! I really do want to sing now, though...
【Nene】Oh, speaking of songs... Isn't it starting soon?
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】Huh?
【Tsukasa】Indeed it is! There's actually a celebratory performance being held for the MEIKO in our world!
[Sound] bgm00006
【MEIKO】The me in your world! I'm so curious.
【Rui】I thought you would be, so I brought a tablet. Why don't we all watch together?
【Miku】Yay! I wanna see!
【Nene】Here, everyone get in close so you can all see.
【MEIKO】(I wonder if the me from their world has lots of people around her to celebrate, too.)
【MEIKO】(Hehe, not only do I get to see a show starring myself, I get to see a show from another me. This has already been so much fun!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Background Change] bg_g000201
[Caption] VIRTUAL SINGER Stage
[Sound] se00034_b
[Sound] se00168_b
[Sound] se00323_b
【MEIKO】♪——————!!!
[Sound] bgm00231
【Miku, MEIKO & Luka】♪ーーーーーーーー!!!
[Sound] se00211_b
[Sound] se00239_b
【Comments】<It's only the first song and it's already nuts!> <You're so cool, MEIKO!>
【MEIKO】Sorry to keep you waiting! Are you all ready to raise the roof?
[Sound] se00324_b
【Luka】Everyone here is so energetic. And...
【Comments】<Good! To! Go!> <I love you MEIKO!!!> <Looking forward to it!!!>
【Miku】We're reading the comments, too! It seems like everyone watching the stream is ready.
【MEIKO】Hehe, thank you! Now, let's get this show on the road!
【MEIKO】MEIKO's anniversary show starts now!
[Sound] se00324_b
[Sound] se00239_b
【Miku, MEIKO & Luka】♪————!!! ————!!!
【Miku & Luka】♪——————!!!
【MEIKO】♪ーーーーーーーー!!!
[Sound] se00251_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00211_b
[Sound] se00239_b
【MEIKO】Phew. Thanks for getting pumped up, everybody!
[Sound] bgm00089
【MEIKO】Thanks to you too, Miku, Luka.
【MEIKO】Now... Time to share today's concept with everyone!
【MEIKO】The concept for this show is... “The Coolest Me I Can Be!”
【MEIKO】I want everyone who's gathered to celebrate with me to see the coolest MEIKO in history!
【MEIKO】Huh? You already see that every day?
【MEIKO】Hehe. What I want to show you today will blow that right out of the water!
【MEIKO】Now, before the show started, we had you fill out a survey about which songs you think I'm the coolest while singing.
【MEIKO】I had a look at every one, and Miku, the others and I came up with a setlist!
【MEIKO】So, everyone here in the venue and all of you at home! Burn this sight into your eyes!
【MEIKO】Alright, Rin, Len! Let's jump right into the next one!
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_1
【Rin】Yeah! We're going nonstop from here, everyone!
【Len】Let's hype it up with MEIKO!
【MEIKO】Thank you! Let's heat this place up!
【MEIKO】Start the music!
[Sound] se00323
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00230
【MEIKO & KAITO】♪——————!!!
[Sound] se00211_b
[Sound] se00239_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】KAITO! Thanks for joining me for the last song!
[Sound] bgm00101
【KAITO】It was an honor to join you for the finale.
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_4
【Miku】You both did so well!
【Rin】What did you think, everyone? MEIKO was the coolest today that she's ever been!
[Sound] se00323_b
【MEIKO】Hehe. I'm glad you all were here to see it!
【MEIKO】Miku, everyone, and all of you who answered our survey... And everyone who got things hyped up! Thank you for giving me so much strength today!
【MEIKO】It's thanks to you that we were able to hold this show, to share this amazing time together, and I couldn't be happier!
【KAITO】I'm glad we could help with such an amazing show!
【KAITO】But you should know, we have one more present for you today!
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】Another present?
【Luka】Yes. We wanted to be sure our feelings came across properly, so we all prepared messages for you.
【Luka】MEIKO. I hope you accept these feelings of gratitude.
[Background Change] bg_s000373
[Sound] song00010_off_s
【Miku】Happy anniversary, MEIKO!
【Miku】It's so amazing how you face each and every fan head-on to be the very best you can be for them. Let's do another show together soon!
【Rin】Happy anniversary, MEIKO! Your show today was the coolest!
【Rin】I got the choreography you taught me down perfectly for the chorus! Did you see? Hehehe, let's sing together again soon♪
【Len】Congrats, MEIKO! Singing with you today really reminded me how I want to be as cool as you are someday!
【Len】I'll keep working on my singing power and impact, so just watch me, okay?
【Luka】Happy anniversary, MEIKO. You're always so dependable and we're so grateful for everything you've done for us.
【Luka】Of course, that includes me too. I'm sure I'll keep leaning on you from time to time, but if you ever need help with anything, let me know.
【KAITO】MEIKO, congratulations! Your anniversary show was amazing.
【KAITO】You always shine, but when you're on stage, you're even more brilliant than usual. I'm sure all your fans noticed it, too.
【KAITO】I'm so glad we were able to contribute to such an important show for you. Here's to many more!
[Background Change] bg_g000201
【MEIKO】Thank you for the wonderful messages, everyone. The show isn't even over, and I'm already tearing up.
【MEIKO】Thank you for coming to watch today's show, everyone! Personally, I think it came out great. What do you think?
[Sound] se00324_b
[Sound] se00239_b
【MEIKO】There's nothing better than sharing this time with all of you through song!
【MEIKO】And it's all thanks to the moment you first encountered my music.
【MEIKO】Thank you for finding me, everyone. I hope we'll get to be together like this for a long time to come.
【Miku】Hehe. I hope so too, MEIKO!
【Rin】O-Oh no, now I'm tearing up too!
【Luka】Hehe, don't cry. Look how hard MEIKO's holding her tears back.
【MEIKO】Ah, Luka! Don't remind me about it!
【MEIKO】I'm going to pay you all back plenty once we're done here, so be ready!
【MEIKO】That's the end of our show today, everyone. I hope you'll come listen to us again sometime soon!
【MEIKO】Thank you all so much! Let's meet again. Bye bye!
【Everyone】Bye bye!
[Sound] se00251_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_e000501
[Caption] Empty SEKAI
[Sound] se00053_b
【Ena】What if I asked for us to meet and talk once more?
【Ena】What if I said that I still want us to be friends?
【Ena】Is me just thinking that only going to hurt Mizuki even more...?
【MEIKO】(Whatever the case, seeing Mizuki comes first...)
【MEIKO】(But...)
【???】MEIKO...
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_1
【MEIKO】Can I help you?
【KAITO】You seem to have been keeping an eye on Mizuki for quite a while now...
【KAITO】The others are apparently buying into the whole “I'm busy” excuse, but I feel that you're not so convinced.
【MEIKO】I'm not...
【KAITO】What happened...?
【MEIKO】I don't know for certain. But...
[Sound] se00053_b
【MEIKO】Based on Ena's recent behavior, she appears to have learned about something Mizuki's been keeping a secret in a rather unfortunate way.
【MEIKO】Which caused Mizuki to...
【KAITO】Run away.
【MEIKO】...
【KAITO】Ugh. This is what happens when you leave things up in the air.
【MEIKO】I disagree.
【MEIKO】First, I don't even know what Mizuki was hiding.
【MEIKO】But it's clear that it's related to something Mizuki was struggling with even before they all met.
【MEIKO】To Mizuki, this is a very big deal.
【MEIKO】Something like this obviously requires a lot of time to understand and resolve.
【KAITO】But it seems that a little too much time has passed.
【KAITO】Even if you were to find the solution to a problem, if it's not accompanied by the right actions and results...
【KAITO】This problem will go forever unsolved.
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_1
【Luka】Oh, are you two fighting again...?
【KAITO】Stay out of this.
【Luka】You were talking about Mizuki, yes?
【Luka】Kanade said that Mizuki's been too busy to visit, but is that really true?
【MEIKO】That's rather sharp of you.
【Luka】I just happened to spot you talking to Ena when she was here.
【Luka】And you've tried going over to see Mizuki a number of times, no?
【Luka】Which is why I'm having a hard time understanding what “being too busy to visit” actually means.
【MEIKO】Did you tell Miku and the others this...?
【Luka】No.
【Luka】I felt that I needed to be careful with this information. I mean, even KAITO's been walking on eggshells.
【KAITO】Then, why did you decide to blow your cover now?
【Luka】Because asking directly was the quickest way to have my questions answered.
【Luka】Also, you can't hide what's going on forever.
【MEIKO】I know.
【MEIKO】Kanade and Mafuyu still believe what Mizuki said, but they'll start worrying more and more as time goes on.
【Luka】That also applies to Miku and the others.
【Luka】They're pure at heart, but they're not fools. They'll start wondering sooner or later.
【MEIKO】Right...
【KAITO】So, what do you plan on doing?
【KAITO】Let's say you do reach Mizuki. The hard part comes right after that.
【MEIKO】I...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
【MEIKO】I want to see where their feelings take them.
【Luka】Where their feelings take them?
【MEIKO】I want Ena to find Mizuki and for them to talk.
【MEIKO】So that Mizuki gets to hear how she really feels.
【MEIKO】Which is why...
【MEIKO】If there's a role for me to play, it's to make sure Mizuki hears what Ena has to say.
【MEIKO】And I plan on being there for them when that time comes.
【Luka】Sounds like you've already found your answer, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】I have.
【MEIKO】(She might only have a tiny window, but I believe Ena will be able to capitalize on that chance.)
【MEIKO】(And I want to be there to make it happen.)
【MEIKO】(So Mizuki can hear what Ena has to say.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_e000501
[Caption] Empty SEKAI
【Luka】Today's the day.
【MEIKO】I know...
【Rin】Do you think Mizuki's really gonna show up for those supplementary classes?
【Len】It's a case of show up or get held back, right...?
【Len】Which means Mizuki has to attend...
【Miku】I agree...
【Miku】On top of being a really nice person, Mizuki cares deeply about any immediate family and friends.
【Miku】So...
【KAITO】Mizuki's going to show up in order to not cause them any further trouble.
【Luka】Yes, that certainly sounds like what Mizuki would do.
【Len】So... What do we do...?
【MEIKO】I plan to be on Mizuki's phone for the entire day.
【Luka】Right. If you can find out how Mizuki's doing, then we'll be able to tell Ena and the others.
【Luka】So, for their sake, the rest of us should stay here in SEKAI.
【Luka】Are you also okay with that, KAITO?
【KAITO】Yes.
【MEIKO】Then, I'll be going.
【Miku】MEIKO, wait...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Miku】If you do get a chance to talk to Mizuki, please also make it clear how you feel.
【MEIKO】How I feel?
【Miku】Yes...
【Miku】You've been watching over Mizuki for a very long time...
【Miku】So I believe your feelings and your words carry much more weight compared to the rest of us.
【MEIKO】...
【Rin】MEIKO.
【Len】Please find Mizuki...
【MEIKO】Of course.
【MEIKO】I'm going now.
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Sound] se00028_b
【MEIKO】(I'm out...)
【MEIKO】(I seem to have access to the phone, but it's still pitch black in here...)
【MEIKO】(But those supplementary classes don't take place until after school. Until then, I should keep an eye on things.)
[Sound] se00055_b
【MEIKO】(...!)
【Mizuki】*Sigh* I have to go...
【MEIKO】(Sounds like Mizuki's getting ready to leave...)
【MEIKO】(I need to tell Luka, Ena and the others.)
[Background Change] bg_a001002
[Sound] se00804
[Sound] se00804
[Background Change] bg_a000000
【MEIKO】(I thought we'd suddenly changed course at an intersection. I'm guessing we've stopped somewhere...)
[Sound] bgm00021
【MEIKO】(We don't seem to be moving at all... Is going to school not the plan now?)
【MEIKO】(That means Ena won't be able to find Mizuki...)
【MEIKO】(Is now my chance?)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_e000501
【Miku】You've been watching over Mizuki for a very long time...
【Miku】So I believe your feelings and your words carry much more weight compared to the rest of us.
[Background Change] bg_a000000
【MEIKO】(My feelings... My words...)
【MEIKO】(I...)
【???】Found you...!
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】<...!>
【MEIKO】<Ena...>
【MEIKO】(Thank goodness...)
【MEIKO】(Now, they just need to talk and...)
[Sound] se_run_women_001_2
【MEIKO】<...!>
【Ena's Voice】Mizuki!!!
【MEIKO】(If Mizuki decides to run at full speed, Ena's never going to catch up...)
【MEIKO】(Mizuki...!)
【MEIKO】(Are you really going to run from her?)
【MEIKO】(You may never see her again if you do...)
【MEIKO】(No.)
【MEIKO】(If I don't do something, things won't end well...)
【MEIKO】(...for Mizuki or Ena.)
【MEIKO】(I have to stop Mizuki!)
【MEIKO】(I have to give Ena a chance to say what she's feeling...!)
[Background Change] bg_e002602
[Sound] se00028_b
【MEIKO】<Mizuki!>
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003901
[Caption] The day of the reading event
[Caption] Elementary School - Gym
[Sound] se00028_b
【MEIKO】(Okay, I should be able to watch what happens on stage without being seen by anyone else...)
【MEIKO】(Honami certainly found a good place for her phone.)
【MEIKO】(As for the children... Hehe. They seem to have settled down.)
【MEIKO】(I was worried a second ago since they were so restless...)
【MEIKO】(But now, they seem to be really looking forward to hearing the story.)
【MEIKO】(Those two look very calm.)
【MEIKO】(Based on their expressions, I think they're ready.)
【MEIKO】(And I'm sure they'll do just fine.)
【MEIKO】(Regardless of who comes to see them, good musicians are able to captivate the audience with their music.)
【MEIKO】(These two know how to do just that, so I'm sure they'll put on a solid performance. Break a leg, girls.)
【Honami】Okay, let's get into the story...
【Nene】Promise to listen quietly for us until the end?
【Children】We promise!
【Children】We wanna see the doggy again!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Honami】“The next stop along the dog's journey was a forested land of many trees.”
[Sound] bgm00235
【Nene】“Hmm... This is bad. I won't be able to work if I don't find it.”
【Honami】“A burly lumberjack has lost his faithful axe.”
【Honami】“I'll help search for your axe, Mr. Lumberjack. I should be able to find it using my nose.”
【Children】Yeah! Dogs have really good noses, right?!
【Children】They do?! That's so cool!
【MEIKO】(Honami's voice has this nice bounce to it.)
【MEIKO】(I can tell that she's really enjoying reading to them.)
【MEIKO】(Not only that...)
【MEIKO】(I felt this during their rehearsal, but this Nene girl is such a great actress.)
【MEIKO】(She's playing all these different roles, but she's nailed down the voices for each of them.)
【MEIKO】(They're working in perfect sync with one another.)
【MEIKO】(This is different from the performances I'm used to seeing, the kind that feels like a burst of emotion...)
【MEIKO】(But it might be nice to see more slow-paced shows like this from time to time.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Sound] bgm_area00001
[Caption] School SEKAI
【MEIKO】What a wonderful performance...
【MEIKO】(It felt like I was traveling alongside that dog as he went on his journey.)
【MEIKO】(My heart was filled with so much warmth and kindness...)
【MEIKO】(And the children seemed to really enjoy the story, which makes the event a big success.)
[Sound] se00046_b
【Miku】Oh, MEIKO.
【Len】Where have you been? We couldn't find you at all.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I went over to see Honami read.
【KAITO】Oh... Are you talking about the reading event she said she'd be doing...?
【MEIKO】Yes. It was a little different from her usual performances, but it was still very good nonetheless.
【MEIKO】(Whether she's putting on the best performance she can to move others with her music, or trying to get children to enjoy the story she loves so much...)
【MEIKO】(Her sense of drive doesn't change.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
[Sound] se00046_b
【Honami】MEIKO, there you are.
【MEIKO】Oh, Honami, welcome!
【MEIKO】Congratulations on your reading event. I'm glad it ended up going so well.
【Honami】Thank you very much. I'm also glad that the children enjoyed the story so much.
【Honami】Although, when I heard your voice, I became a bit startled...
【MEIKO】Hehe. I couldn't help it. I mean, it was such a wonderful event.
【MEIKO】Anyway, you were looking for me? Is something the matter?
【Honami】Oh, that's right...! I brought over the books you asked for the other day.
【MEIKO】...! Thank you! I've been waiting for these.
【MEIKO】“The Star-Chasing Dog” was so good that I wanted to see what other picture books you recommend.
【Honami】Hehe. I'm glad you're saying that.
[Sound] se00055_b
【MEIKO】Oh, this book... The lion on the cover is so cute.
【Honami】Ah, that's “My Friend Is A Lion”.
【Honami】It's about a lion who is very kind but is feared by those around him.
【Honami】He's a considerate creature who thinks about everyone else more than himself...
【Honami】I love this story because it fills my heart with so much warmth after I read it.
【MEIKO】Oh, that sounds really nice! Wait, what about this book?
【Honami】That's “The Bell Of Bravery Rings In Your Heart”. It's about a boy who is afraid of many things.
【Honami】He always ran from the things he feared, but he finds the courage to protect something he cares deeply about...
【Honami】I remember being so excited by this story when I was little.
【MEIKO】I see. This also sounds like a good one.
【MEIKO】Still... Hehe.
【Honami】...? Is something the matter?
【MEIKO】Just a thought. These books remind me of you, Honami.
【Honami】Huh? M-Me...?
【MEIKO】Yes. The way this lion thinks about the well-being of those around him reminded me of you, Honami.
【MEIKO】And this boy working up the courage to protect something he cares about is no different.
【Honami】R-Really?
【MEIKO】Yes. You're an incredibly kind person, Honami, so it makes sense that your favorite picture books would be filled with so much warmth.
【MEIKO】They're a nice reflection of who you are as a person.
【Honami】I'm feeling a little embarrassed hearing you say that...
[Sound] se00046_b
【Rin】Hi, Hona! When did you get here?!
【Len】What were you two talking about just now? It sounded like a fun conversation...
【MEIKO】Hehe. Honami brought over some picture books for me.
【Len】Picture books?
【Rin】Haha! That's all MEIKO's been talking about lately. She keeps going on and on about how amazing the story you read was, Hona!
【Len】Really? Now I'm starting to get curious.
【Honami】I brought quite a few, so I hope you'll read any that catch your eye.
【MEIKO】Oh, that's right. I was thinking...
【MEIKO】I'd like to read any books that catch their interest to them.
【Honami】Huh?
【MEIKO】After seeing you read that story, I feel like doing the same thing now.
【Rin】Wait, MEIKO, you can do what she did?!
【MEIKO】I hope you're both ready. Alright, you two, let's pick a book.
【MEIKO】You're more than welcome to stay and listen, Honami. I'd also appreciate any tips regarding storytelling.
【Honami】Yes, of course...! I can't wait to see how you present these stories, MEIKO!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Miku】I'm here with the message cards I made!
【Rin】I made some too! Here you are, you guys♪
【Plushies】Oh, you guys made more cards?!
【Plushies】We also made some. These are for you!
【Miku】Oh, for me?! Thank you♪
【Rin】Yay! Then, here's one from me!
【MEIKO】Oh, it looks like Miku and Rin are exchanging cards again.
【KAITO】It's sort of become their favorite activity recently after Emu came over and showed everyone how to make them.
【MEIKO】And it looks like somewhere along the way, the plushies learned how to make their own cards too.
【KAITO】Yes, but I can see why they like doing this so much.
【KAITO】Writing your feelings down on cards made with care, giving and getting them from each other... It makes everything feel kinder somehow.
【MEIKO】It's hard not to smile after seeing the recipient look so happy.
【MEIKO】I know...!
【MEIKO】KAITO! Why don't we do a show that centers around exchanging cards?!
【KAITO】Huh?
【MEIKO】We can't let the times pass us by. And I'm sure we'll be able to put on a wonderful show that everyone is going to love!
【KAITO】I see... Yes, I do like your idea.
【KAITO】Why don't we see what the others think?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Sound] bgm00020
【Len】A show about exchanging cards?! That sounds like a great idea!
【Rin】Yeah, exchanging cards is always so exciting! It's bound to be a super fun show☆
【MEIKO】Thank you all very much! Then, let's start discussing what the actual story is going to be about.
【Miku】Alright, it's brainstorming time☆
【Everyone】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Miku】If we're going to use message cards, then the story probably needs to involve telling others how you feel, right?
[Sound] bgm00190
【Luka】Then, what if we had the protagonist make one?
【MEIKO】Hmm... That's certainly the most logical choice, but I feel like we need a little bit more...
【MEIKO】Oh, what if the protagonist were a card?
【Rin】If the protagonist were a card?
【MEIKO】The person writing the message possesses such powerful feelings that they end up bringing the card to life!
【Rin】Oh, that's an amazing idea...!
【Len】Hey, wait a second... If it comes to life, then doesn't that mean it's gonna have its own feelings?
【KAITO】Yes, we'll need to think carefully about how that part will work.
【Miku】Then, what if we did this? It's drawn to the person's feelings, and from there...
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】Alright, we're set in terms of where we're going to go with this story!
[Sound] bgm00180
【KAITO】While writing her message, the girl's feelings manifest in the form of a fairy...
【KAITO】And this fairy embarks upon an adventure to deliver her message to its rightful recipient. That makes sense to me.
【MEIKO】Hehe. Thank you all for helping turn my idea into this wonderful story!
【KAITO】Now we still need to work on turning this into an actual show...
【MEIKO】We came up with so many different ideas, so pulling them all together tidily might be a bit tricky.
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_1
【Tsukasa】Ah, what are you all doing gathered up like this?
【MEIKO】Tsukasa...! Your timing couldn't have been better! Do you happen to be free right now?
【Tsukasa】Yes, I have time. We just finished practice over at Morinomiya, so I decided to come over here to take a break.
【MEIKO】Thank you! The thing is, for our next show...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【MEIKO】Hehe. Everyone's waiting in their seats with eager anticipation.
【Len】I hope they enjoy our fun card show.
【Rin】I'm sure they will! I mean, we practiced a ton for this!
【KAITO】I agree. And with Tsukasa's help, the script turned out splendidly. All that's left is for us to give it everything we have.
【MEIKO】Right! Let's do our best to make our show an instant classic!
【Everyone】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00235
【???】“Hm...? Wait, where am I?”
【Girl】“Yes, it's done!”
【Girl】“Thank goodness I was able to finish it before they moved away.”
【Girl】“I hope this helps them understand how I feel...”
【???】“That's strange... For some reason, I know that she's thinking, 'Even though you're moving far away, I hope we still get to be friends'...”
【Card Fairy】“Ah, I see... I must have been born from that overflowing emotion, written down in this card.”
【Card Fairy】“Don't worry. I promise to deliver your thoughts to your friend!”
【Girl】“Let's see... Their house is just down this street... Whoa... Oh no!”
[Sound] se00080_b
【Girl】“The wind's taking away my card! Wait, come back!”
[Sound] se_run_women_002_1
【Card Fairy】“Naughty wind! Let me down right this second!”
【Card Fairy】“No, I'm going to fall into the river! I'll get all wet!”
[Sound] se00080_b
【Boy】“Huh? What's that in the air? Got it!”
【Boy】“What is this? A piece of paper...?”
【Card Fairy】“Th-Thank goodness...! You're a lifesaver...!”
【Boy】“Wait, you can talk?!”
【Card Fairy】“I'm sorry if I startled you. I'm a card fairy, and I was born to deliver this message to its rightful recipient!”
【Card Fairy】“So, I know this is asking a lot of you, but would you be willing to do me a big favor?”
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00171
【Boy】“Huff... Huff... Huff... This is where you said you got separated from that girl, but I'm not seeing anyone...”
【Card Fairy】“Where could she have gone? Maybe she went over to her friend's house...”
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_1
【Young Man】“What's wrong, son? You look in quite the hurry.”
【Boy】“Oh, I was just helping this fairy get to where she needs to go. But I'm so tired after running all the way here...”
【Young Man】“I see. In that case, would you like me to give you a ride on my motorcycle?”
【Card Fairy】“You'd do that? Thank you very much...!”
【Young Lady】“I see... And you say the girl who wrote this card may pass by my house?”
【Card Fairy】“Yes, so if you could please let us wait here...!”
【Young Lady】“Of course, dear. I'm sure you're tired, so please feel free to take a rest.”
【Young Lady】“Oh, also... Would you mind lending me your card while you wait?”
【Young Lady】“Okay, there we are. The edges looked a little crinkled, so I fixed them using masking tape.”
【Card Fairy】“Thank you very much! This floral pattern is so lovely. I'm sure that girl's going to love what you did.”
【Card Fairy】“Oh, someone's walking this way. Could it be...?”
【Card Fairy】“Yes, it's her! Over here!”
[Sound] bgm00000
【Girl】“Thank goodness I was able to find my card...!”
【Girl】“And I was so surprised when I found out that my feelings produced a fairy.”
【Card Fairy】“A lot happened after I got blown away... But I'm glad to be back in your hands now!”
【Card Fairy】“So, let's go deliver your message to your friend!”
【Girl】“But... I'm sure they'll be all gone by the time we get there...”
[Sound] bgm00016
【Girl】“So, it's okay. We don't have to...”
【Card Fairy】“No...”
【Card Fairy】“No, you can't give up.”
【Card Fairy】“I mean, you looked so hard for me... That means you want your friend to read this message, right?”
【Card Fairy】“I exist because your thoughts and feelings were so strong. So...”
【Card Fairy】“Please...! Let me deliver your message! Let me deliver your feelings to them!”
【Girl】“Ms. Fairy...”
【Young Lady】“Yeah, it might be too soon to give up.”
[Sound] bgm00000
【Girl】“Huh...?”
【Young Lady】“You might still be able to catch them if you cut through my backyard.”
【Girl】“...!”
【Girl】“Thank you both so much! I want to see this through to the end!”
【Girl】“Huff... Huff... Huff... Here we are! I really hope we made it in time...”
[Sound] se00739
【Girl】“No, the car...!”
【Card Fairy】“What?! But we were so close...!”
【???】“Alright, I think that's our cue!”
【Girl & Card Fairy】“Huh...?”
【Wind Fairy A】“Nice to meet you. We're wind fairies! Sorry if this bunch caused you some trouble earlier.”
[Sound] bgm00039
【Wind Fairy B】“We're sorry. We were just playing.”
【Wind Fairy C】“Let us help deliver your card to make up for what happened.”
【Wind Fairies】“We'll huff! And puff! And blow it away!”
[Sound] se00080_b
【Girl】“Oh, my card's flying away...!”
【Card Fairy】“Haha! That's incredible! It's sure to get delivered now!”
【Wind Fairy A】“Hehe. We can move faster than a car if we really put our minds to it! So, let's fly!”
[Sound] se00080_b
【Card Fairy】“Leave the rest to me! I promise to deliver your message to your friend!”
【Girl】“Thank you! Good luck, everyone...!”
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00180
[Caption] After the show
【Tsukasa】Congratulations, everyone. That was an excellent performance!
【Emu】My jaw hit the floor when I saw that you guys turned the cards we made together into a whole show!
【MEIKO】Hehe. We were able to put on this wonderful show because you did such a good job of teaching us, Emu!
【Nene】I was surprised when I heard that a card would be the protagonist, but it ended up being such a heartwarming story.
【Rui】In particular, the scene where she flies off to get delivered. The gust effect you used made it feel all the more real.
【MEIKO】Thank you all so much! Especially you, Tsukasa. This wouldn't have been possible without you.
【Tsukasa】Thank you for allowing me to help with the script. You made it such an excellent show!
【Miku】Woohoo! We really did it♪
【MEIKO】Yes, and I'm so glad!
【MEIKO】There really is nothing more fun than doing shows together like this!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Minori & Airi】————♪ ——————♪
【Minori】(Next, Airi and I put our backs together.)
【Minori】(I bumped into her after taking too big a step last time, so I need to take smaller ones as I walk backwards...)
【Minori】*Gasp*
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】We did it, Minori! Let's commit what we just did to memory!
【Minori】I will!
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_2
【Miku】Nice work, you two! We have towels and drinks for the both of you.
[Sound] bgm00180
【Minori】Wow, Miku, MEIKO, thank you both so much!
【MEIKO】We were watching from over there, and you two looked spectacular. We know that you've all been working very hard lately.
【Airi】The Lumina Grand Prix's coming up, and it's gonna be our big chance to spread hope to a ton of people. We're willing to do whatever it takes.
【Airi】After all, idols are all about...
【Minori】Having heart, right?!
【Airi】No, Minori, you thief!
【MEIKO】Hehe. But that really is a beautiful motto.
【Miku】Yes, it is! After hearing your story, Airi, I also began thinking about how I can have more heart!
【Minori】Oh, while we're on the subject...! Do you two have any personal mottos for what you do...?
【MEIKO】Well, for me...
【MEIKO】I'd like to be an idol forever!
【Minori】Forever...?
【MEIKO】Yes, I'd like to keep being an idol for as long as I possibly can.
【MEIKO】Of course, there are many paths an idol can take. Some decide to sear themselves into their fans' memories when they're at their brightest in order to continue lighting up their hearts.
【MEIKO】Some may leave the stage for television or radio programs. All are valid decisions in my mind.
【Airi】Yeah... I can think of great idols who fit into each of those categories.
【Minori】Now that you mention it, idols have been giving me hope and encouragement in a lot of different ways until now.
【MEIKO】Exactly. As for me... The road I want to take is to stay an idol forever.
【MEIKO】I mean, I just love idols so much♪
【Miku】MEIKO...
【MEIKO】I love being an idol, and I love all my fans for giving me so much support.
【MEIKO】That's precisely why I wish to keep doing this for as long as I possibly can♪
【Airi】That's such a great expression of who you are, MEIKO...
【Minori】Yeah...! I'd totally be in tears if I heard you say that during a show.
【Miku】Hehe. Me too. Why don't you tell your fans this during your next one, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】When the right opportunity arises. But...
【MEIKO】I think they already know how I feel.
【MEIKO】If anything, I'd rather communicate all my love by performing for them instead of just telling them.
【Airi】We still have so much to learn.
【Minori】We gotta do streams and shows in a way that makes our goals as a group clear! Just like MEIKO!
【Minori】So, Airi, can we try practicing that song we just did again? I feel like I can put on a way better performance now!
【Airi】I was just thinking the same thing.
【Airi】Also, Miku, MEIKO, can you two give us any advice that comes to mind?
【Miku】Yes, of course♪
【MEIKO】Since you two are so motivated, I'll be going no holds barred here.
【Minori】No holds barred MEIKO...! I-I'm ready!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Haruka】One, two, three, four!
【MEIKO】(They're all working hard again today. I can tell that they want to do well in the grand prix.)
【MEIKO】(I wish I could somehow provide them with more support...)
【Haruka】Okay, that felt better compared to before.
【Haruka】So, let's end our group practice here. We'll call it a day and each work on the finishing touches independently.
【Minori】Okay!
【Minori】Then, I'll practice stopping on a dime for that part where my movements go too far.
【Shizuku】I also had some trouble with certain steps, so I'll work on mastering them.
【MEIKO】Wait, that's it...!
[Sound] se_run_women_002_1
【MEIKO】Hi, girls! There's something I'd like to ask all of you...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00052
[Caption] A few days later
【MEIKO】Alright, now that I've finished doing my research, I'm all set to go.
【MEIKO】MEIKO's Friendly Advice Service is open for business!
【MEIKO】And my first customer will be...
[Sound] se00420_b
【MEIKO】Haruka!
【Haruka】Oh, MEIKO, can I help you?
【MEIKO】You said the other day that you were having trouble coming up with new workouts for everyone, remember?
【MEIKO】So, I took the liberty of coming up with some ideas based on that book you showed me. Here, take a look...
[Sound] se00122_b
【Haruka】I see. You're saying that we should try incorporating some Pilates into our usual exercises?
【MEIKO】Yes. By making your bodies more limber through Pilates, I believe you'll be able to expand your range of motion and get more out of your strength workouts.
【MEIKO】You said that you'd like to make your legs look more elegant, yes, Airi?
【Airi】That's right. We dance like ballerinas for this one song, but I look so clumsy during certain parts.
【MEIKO】You need to have both flexibility and very strong ankles in order to dance like that. And you can't just focus on your legs. It's going to involve your entire body.
【MEIKO】So, let's start by figuring out what you need to work on the most.
【MEIKO】You were having trouble with these steps, right, Shizuku?
【Shizuku】Wow, that's incredible...! You performed that so smoothly and precisely.
【MEIKO】There's a few tricks to that. Let's start by going over the basic components together!
【MEIKO】You're trying to find a way to stop on a dime during dances, yes, Minori?
【Minori】Yeah. I've gotten a lot better at it, but I'm still struggling to stop during faster songs...
【Minori】Do I just need to keep strengthening my core...?!
【MEIKO】Your core is important, but you should be okay on that front already. The problem may have to do with how and when you flex your muscles.
【MEIKO】Everything will start falling into place once you get the hang of it. We'll start with a lesson on how to use your upper body properly♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00136
[Caption] A few days later
【Minori & Haruka】————♪ ——————♪
【Airi & Shizuku】————♪ ——————♪
[Sound] bgm00000
【Haruka】Wow. We're moving so much better as a group now.
【Shizuku】Hehe. I have MEIKO to thank for showing me how to master those steps.
[Sound] bgm00171
【Airi】I also have MEIKO to thank. I can move my legs more freely after doing those stretches she showed me.
【Minori】Me too! Now that I know how to use my muscles more properly, I've gotten a much better grasp of things!
【Haruka】And I'd say our new workouts have also begun bearing fruit. I feel like we're all moving with a lot more balance.
【MEIKO】(I'm so glad that I was able to help them.)
【MEIKO】(However, as long as they continue being idols, they'll always have worries. So...)
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【MEIKO】Nice work, everyone!
【Minori】Hi, MEIKO!
【MEIKO】MEIKO's Friendly Advice Service is still open for business! Feel free to come ask me about any problems you have♪
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Luka】Hehe. You seem awfully happy, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Of course I'm happy. The girls just got their first solo show scheduled.
【MEIKO】They've been working so hard since even before going pro. I'm ecstatic that their efforts are paying off.
【KAITO】Me too.
【MEIKO】They just keep getting better and better as performers. Plus, this is their first solo show as professionals, so they seem incredibly motivated.
【MEIKO】I'm sure it'll be a fantastic show.
【KAITO】They were saying how they want to use all the right effects.
【Luka】Yes, and they were discussing the show's overall concept too. They seem determined to make sure the audience goes home smiling.
【MEIKO】Haha. I really can't wait.
【MEIKO】We'll have to give them as much support as we can, so they can focus on putting on a great show!
【MEIKO】Still, its overall concept...
【MEIKO】What would you two choose if you could put on your own solo shows?
【Luka】Well, in my case... I'd want to put on a show where I get to sing with everyone.
【KAITO】Sing with everyone?
【Luka】Depending on the song, I'd also want them to just listen... But for others, I'd want them to sing along.
【Luka】By singing together, I'm sure we could share all our feelings together.
【MEIKO】That's wonderful! I'd also love to do a show where we all sang with each other. It's such a great way to unite the venue!
【MEIKO】What about you, KAITO? Any ideas?
【KAITO】I'd just want to play music...
【KAITO】I'm not very good at interacting with the audience... But I can share my feelings with others through my music, at least.
【Luka】A conversation through music and sound, then. I think it'd be a wonderful expression of who you are, KAITO.
【Luka】Alright, MEIKO, that just leaves you.
【MEIKO】Right! I...
【MEIKO】I'd want to put on a high-energy show. One which makes the audience shout so loud that they shake the whole venue!
【KAITO】I had a feeling...
【Luka】Would you mind telling us your reasons?
【MEIKO】There are a lot... But people who came to my solo show would be there to see me, right?
【MEIKO】So, I want them all to say, “MEIKO really does put on the best shows! I definitely want to see another one!”
【MEIKO】That's why I think I'd want to put on a show which gets everyone involved.
【KAITO】Involved...? Involved how?
【MEIKO】I could do call-and-response sections during songs... Oh, and ask for requests directly from the audience!
【MEIKO】And then I'd sing their requests right then and there. That'd be a great way for us to build a show together, right?
【Luka】Yes, that does sound like fun. I'm sure it'd be an unforgettable show for them and for you too.
【MEIKO】Exactly! So, if I were to do a solo show...
【MEIKO】I'd want to build an amazingly high-energy show with the audience!
【MEIKO】That'd probably be my concept.
【Luka】That's so wonderful. It's very like you to want to do things together with the audience, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Actually, I feel like playing something now. Why don't we have ourselves a little session?
【Luka】Sure. What do you say, KAITO?
【KAITO】I'll join.
【MEIKO】Okay! Then, why don't we celebrate the girls' solo show by playing Blue Moments?
【Luka】I like it. Can you count us in?
【MEIKO】Okay! Here we go, you two!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000201
[Caption] School SEKAI
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_2
【MEIKO】I had no idea that Honami and the girls were in such a pickle.
【Rin】Yeah, I was a little surprised too.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_f000503
【Honami】I'm glad that our band is receiving so many offers, of course...
【Honami】But I'm struggling to make a decision on what to do.
[Background Change] bg_f000201
【MEIKO】It is a tough one. Especially since their solo show and the Fan Festival are both equally important to them.
【Rin】Yeah...
【Rin】I think we came at the perfect time. I mean, Hona seemed so lost.
【MEIKO】Yes, I'm glad she was able to talk it out with us.
【MEIKO】She seemed to be feeling a little better when we left... So, I'm sure she'll be okay.
【MEIKO】We need to keep providing them with all the support we can so that they can focus on their show.
【Rin】Right! But what can we do, specifically?
【MEIKO】Well... What if we cleaned this classroom?
【MEIKO】I'm sure they'll be spending much more time here to practice and hold planning meetings.
【MEIKO】Wouldn't it be easier to maintain your concentration when the classroom you're in is nice and clean?
【Rin】Yeah! And they'd probably feel more motivated!
【Rin】Alright, let's make everything so sparkly clean that they won't believe their eyes☆
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Sound] bgm00190
【MEIKO】(Okay, I've finished wiping down all the desks. Now I just need to clean the windows with Rin.)
【Rin's Voice】MEIKO, help!
【Rin】I'm trying to clean the top part of the blackboard, but I can't reach it without jumping...!
【MEIKO】Haha. I see. In that case, why don't I lift you up so you can do it?
【Rin】No, don't treat me like a little kid!
【MEIKO】I'm joking. Sit tight while I go get you a chair.
【MEIKO】We'll wipe the floors by starting on this end and working our way down the grain on the floorboards.
【Rin】Okay! While we're at it, we should have a race to see who gets to the other side first!
【MEIKO】You're on. I won't be holding back.
【Rin】I'm not about to let you win either!
【MEIKO】Alright, on your marks, get set... Go!
[Sound] se00349_b
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Caption] Several dozen minutes later
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Sound] se00089_b
【Rin】Humhumm♪ The classroom's so sparkly now!
[Sound] bgm00180
【MEIKO】I'm sure Honami and the others will be so surprised.
[Sound] se00046_b
【Len】Hey, Rin, MEIKO. We're thinking about playing a song together...
【Len】Hm? This classroom looks really clean for some reason.
【Rin】Oh, you noticed? MEIKO and I just gave it really nice clean!
【Luka】This is incredible. Even the windows and floors are sparkling.
【KAITO】But what made you two want to clean it all of a sudden?
【MEIKO】We were actually talking about Honami and the others earlier. Despite having a lot going on right now, they're doing everything they can to keep at it.
【MEIKO】So we got to thinking about what we could do for them.
【Miku】I see...
【Miku】Based on your logic, if we were to clean more rooms, then they'll be even happier. So, why don't we take this opportunity to do some cleaning ourselves?
【Luka】Yes, let's all clean together.
【MEIKO】Then, today can be SEKAI cleanup day.
【MEIKO】Let's make the corridors and classrooms so clean that Honami and the others won't believe their eyes!
【Rin】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000102
[Caption] Between Worlds
【MEIKO】(I was hoping to sing with Miku if I found her...)
【MEIKO】(But she doesn't seem to be here either.)
【???】Is something wrong, MEIKO?
[Sound] se_walk_men_001_1
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_1
【MEIKO】Oh, KAITO, Luka! Perfect timing!
【MEIKO】I'm looking for Miku. Do you happen to know where she is?
【Luka】Oh... Miku went over to take a look at those other SEKAI a second ago.
【KAITO】She just left, so it may be a little while before she returns.
【MEIKO】I see... Then, I'll wait here for her.
【MEIKO】Miku's been visiting those other SEKAI quite a lot lately, hasn't she?
【Luka】Now that you mention it...
【KAITO】Maybe she's worried about everyone.
【MEIKO】Worried?
【KAITO】Remember the black fragments of feelings that have been appearing? She may be concerned about something else happening in those SEKAI...
【MEIKO】Yes, that was very surprising for all of us, too.
【Luka】Right...
【MEIKO】Thinking about it, the strangest things seem to happen in those SEKAI specifically, don't they?
【MEIKO】The black fragments of feelings are one thing... But new areas appearing, and trees that grow with people's feelings? Those are strange, too.
【MEIKO】Watching over them has been a bit of an adventure.
【KAITO】Yes, it has. It's been a bit nerve-wracking at times.
【MEIKO】In that case, what if we did this?
【MEIKO】Let's take a minute to imagine what could happen in their SEKAI. That should help you feel a little less scared!
【KAITO】What could happen?
【Luka】So we imagine what might happen so it doesn't feel so overwhelming?
【MEIKO】That's right! For example...
【MEIKO】Oh, imagine the flying train from Tsukasa's SEKAI arriving at the station in Ichika and the girls' SEKAI!
【KAITO】What?! That'd be an extraordinary event!
【Luka】That's less an event that could happen, and more an event that would cause a huge commotion.
【MEIKO】Hehe. You might be right!
【MEIKO】So, why don't you two come up with some examples?
【MEIKO】If we envision things that are a little over the top, we should be able to handle whatever does end up happening in a cool and calm manner, no?
【MEIKO】We'll be able to say, “It's not as bad as what we imagined.” See?
【KAITO】I-I see...?
【Luka】Hehe. I see your logic.
【MEIKO】Right? So, let's think together!
【KAITO】Hmm... Well...
【KAITO】There's a lake in Mafuyu's SEKAI, and a pond in Minori and her group's SEKAI, yes? So...
【KAITO】What if peering into the water in one SEKAI let you see the faces of people from the other SEKAI?
【MEIKO】Yes! That's a wonderful example!
【MEIKO】Oh, but... Seeing the face of someone else instead of your own would be a little scary. It's sort of like a horror film.
【Luka】Oh? I don't think it'd be scary.
【Luka】Imagine two people who were never supposed to meet, encountering each other across space and time. Doesn't that sound romantic?
【MEIKO】Yes, that is another way of looking at it.
【KAITO】Anyway, Luka, how about you? Have you come up with any outlandish happenings?
【Luka】Well... Oh, in Kohane and her team's SEKAI, they have alleys where you can hear music.
【Luka】What if that music turned into idol or rock songs one sudden day?
【MEIKO】So, what would happen next?
【Luka】Those alleyways would end up connected to Minori and her group's SEKAI and Ichika and her band's SEKAI. How does that sound?
【MEIKO】I like it! That actually sounds a bit exciting.
【KAITO】I agree. The thought of music helping you meet others is a wonderful idea...
【KAITO】Wait, huh? Aren't we getting a little off topic?
【MEIKO】Oh, I just thought of another one! It has to do with the SEKAI where I run a cafe...
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】We came up with quite a lot of ideas! That was really fun!
[Sound] bgm00024
【KAITO】Haha... What began as mental preparation sort of turned into coming up with the funniest scenarios.
【Luka】But we came up with so many ideas for things that would actually be lots of fun if they happened that I'm actually looking forward to what might happen next.
【MEIKO】Me too! And the discussion did make me think...
【MEIKO】Whatever does end up happening, I'm sure they'll be able to handle it.
【MEIKO】New areas appearing in each SEKAI and those black fragments of feelings appearing were both startling developments...
【MEIKO】But everyone made it through just fine in the end.
【MEIKO】So, even if something beyond our wildest imaginings does happen, they should have no problem overcoming it!
【Luka】You're right, MEIKO.
【Luka】Their feelings have grown stronger than we could've ever imagined in the beginning.
【KAITO】Right. Let's keep believing in the strength of their feelings as we watch over them moving forward.
【MEIKO】Yes, let's do that!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_g000102
[Caption] Between Worlds
【MEIKO】Alright, which SEKAI should I take a look at today?
【MEIKO】Oh, that reminds me...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Background Change] bg_g000102
【MEIKO】Hehe. Going over to see those two could be fun.
【MEIKO】So, I'll start with...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Sound] bgm00054
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【Len】And then, Rin got way too excited and jumped into the chorus a beat too early!
【Rin】Wait, you're still stuck on that?! How many times have you told that story already?!
【Len】Just once! I'm telling Miku for the first time.
【Luka】Huh? You're not having coffee today, KAITO? That's pretty rare.
【KAITO】I have other things from time to time.
【MEIKO】Things seem as lively as ever. Now, “I” should be... Aha.
【MEIKO】Thank you all for being so patient. Your lunches are ready.
【Luka & KAITO】Finally!
【Rin】I ordered the rice omelet lunch set!
【Len】And I ordered the Salisbury steak set!
【Miku】Alright, settle down. Nobody's going to take your food.
【MEIKO】What she said. Now, bon appetit.
【Rin & Len】Let's e...
【Rin】Huh? Is it just me or is this rice omelet bigger than usual?
【Len】My Salisbury steak's also like twice as big as usual!
【Miku】I only ordered the Napolitan pasta, but it came with a helping of spaghetti carbonara.
【KAITO】I also received some sides that I didn't order.
【MEIKO】I'm sorry... While making everything, I kept thinking about the me from that other SEKAI.
【MEIKO】I got so caught up remembering how happy I was to see her enjoying my food that I accidentally made way too much.
【MEIKO】I imagine it's hard not to feel proud as a cook after seeing someone devour your food the way she did.
【MEIKO】On the other hand, they'll need to hold an eating contest to get through all these plates.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Sound] bgm_area00004
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【MEIKO】It's getting late. I may've spent a bit too much time watching that little eating contest.
【MEIKO】Let's see... Theater me should be...
【Luka】Mhm... Dive into... Sea of watermelons...
【MEIKO】A sea of watermelons? What kind of dream is she having?
【MEIKO】I see she's letting Luka use her lap as a pillow again.
【Luka】Oh no... I'm going to crash into the seeds... Someone, give me some salt...
【MEIKO】Seriously, what is this dream about? I'm so curious now that I can't focus on the script for the show.
【MEIKO】No, stop. Don't try to swim on my lap. Look, your blanket is falling off too.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I wonder if she pampers Luka like this every time she lets her nap on her lap.
【MEIKO】Normally, she causes the KAITO from this SEKAI a lot of trouble, but she's also someone who can look after others.
【MEIKO】She has that in common with cafemaster me.
【MEIKO】No matter how different their personalities are, they're both “me”. No wonder they're similar in some ways.
【MEIKO】Yawn... Now I'm starting to get sleepy too...
【MEIKO】Would I get to meet Luka in that dream if I fell asleep right now...?
【MEIKO】I can also swim...in the sea of watermelons...
【MEIKO】She fell asleep...
【MEIKO】I shouldn't disturb her, so I think I'll excuse myself here...
【???】Hey, MEIKO, Luka! Where are you?
【MEIKO】That voice...!
【Emu】MEIKO! Luka!
【Nene】We're going to start rehearsal soon!
【Rui】Would you two like to join us?!
【MEIKO】They're looking for those two...
【MEIKO】Everyone, they're over here! These two are taking a nap right now!
【MEIKO】Wait, they can't hear me...
[Sound] se_walk_men_001_1
【Tsukasa】Hm? MEIKO?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Everyone, MEIKO's over here on this bench!
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_4
【Rui】Ah, there she is. There's no mistaking the back of her head.
【MEIKO】Ph-Phew... For a second there, I thought that we made eye contact.
【MEIKO】But this...
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_4
【Tsukasa】Hey, MEIKO. We've been looking for... Ah...
【Nene】She's fast asleep. And Luka's with her, I see.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Rui】She may've fallen asleep after letting Luka use her lap as a pillow.
【Luka】Hehe. I didn't know seeds floated in water... This means I can swim across the sea of watermelons...
【MEIKO】Honestly, why a sea of watermelons...? I'd rather eat it instead of swimming across it...
【Tsukasa】Eat the sea?!
【Emu】I wonder what kind of dream they're having!
【Rui】No idea. But we can be sure that it's a fun one.
【Tsukasa】Yes, we shouldn't wake them from their fun adventure. Why don't the four of us practice without them?
【Emu】Okay! Have fun in that dream, Luka, MEIKO!
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_4
【MEIKO】Thank you all very much.
【MEIKO】Anyway, I should also let them sleep.
【MEIKO】Sweet dreams, “me”.
[Sound] bgm00000
