【Hoshino Ichika — Happy Birthday! 2025〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hoshino Ichika
Card: Happy Birthday! 2025（BD）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 001036_ichika01

[Background Change] bg_d000301
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
【Saki】We have arrived at PXL, everyone!
【Saki】Which ride should we go on first?! Oh, but there's new Phenny merch, right? I wanna go check it out, but... Maybe we should do souvenirs at the end.
【Minori】We also have to catch the special seasonal parade, Saki! Not to mention there's all the new finger food we have to try too! They all looked so good when I saw them on TV!
【Shiho】Looks like you two are a lot more excited than the actual birthday girl.
【Saki】What?! T-That's not true... Right, Ichi?
【Ichika】Hehe, right. I definitely wasn't expecting you to bring me to PXL to celebrate my birthday.
【Saki】We have Dad to thank for giving us those discount tickets♪ There was no way we could pass up this chance to give you a PXL birthday!
【Haruka】I couldn't help but laugh when I got your message, Saki. You were clearly very excited.
【Saki】What?! For real?!
【Minori】Yeah! It sounded like you couldn't wait to celebrate Ichika's birthday!
【Minori】Since we've got PXL expert Kohane, and Emu and Nene with us today, let's check out as many of their recommendations as we can!
【Kohane】I don't know if I qualify as an expert...
【Kohane】But I came up with a route that I think everyone will enjoy. So I hope we can all have fun.
【Nene】First up, let's go get your birthday sticker.
【Ichika】Oh, do you get some special bonuses for your birthday?
【Emu】Yeah! The staff also makes sure to wish you a happy birthday too!
【Nene】You can get them over there. I'll show you.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Staff A】Happy birthday!
[Sound] bgm00190
【Staff B】Happy birthday!
【Ichika】Th... Thank you.
[Sound] se00173_b
【Ichika】Amazing. I think that was the tenth staff member who's wished me a happy birthday.
【Honami】It's quite a different birthday experience, isn't it?
【Ichika】It's a little embarrassing, though. I feel like I'm in the spotlight.
【Minori】Oh yeah, there was that little kid before who wished you a happy birthday too!
【Saki】They saw the staff wishing you a happy birthday and waved to you. It was so cute!
【Haruka】Seeing Ichika waving back while blushing was also adorable.
【Ichika】W-Well, what was I supposed to do...?
【Haruka】Hehe. She's blushing again.
【Saki, Minori & Honami】Hahaha. Hehe.
【Ichika】Is this where you'll most likely get to meet Phenny?
【Kohane】Yeah. I think he'll be coming out of that staff door soon...
【Honami】Right... I've been here many times before, and I didn't know about this at all. This isn't written on the website or anything, right?
【Kohane】Um, I usually either come across this info online or search it up myself.
【Nene】That's amazing. I think you know more than we do...
【Emu】Mhmm! It makes me happy hearing how much you know about Phoenix Wonderland☆
【Kohane】Hehehe, that's how much I love PXL.
【Kohane】Alright then, let's wait somewhere a little further away. We'll be in the way if we're too close to the door.
【Ichika】Hehe, you're so considerate.
【Haruka & Shiho】...
【Haruka】It won't be long until Phenny comes out...
【Shiho】Yeah. I gotta make sure to ask for a photo...
【Haruka】Don't forget to shake his hand too.
【Shiho】I think I can pass on that...
【Haruka】Really? But won't you want to when he's right in front of you?
【Shiho】Well...
【Haruka】You should let him give you the ultimate fan service, Hinomori.
【Ichika】I-Is it just me, or are those two a little more serious about this...?
【Staff Member】Welcome to Phenny's Nightmare! For this attraction, please proceed forward in pairs.
【Staff Member】Who's next? Oh, a star of the day! Happy birthday! Be careful not to get lost in the world of nightmares.
【Ichika】Thank you. Alright, let's go, Kusanagi.
【Nene】Yeah, let's.
【Ichika】Hehe. They called it the world of nightmares, but it wasn't scary at all when I went last time.
【Nene】It is a haunted house of sorts for kids, after all. It's more popular for its cute props.
【Emu's Voice】Oh, Kohane! Look! There's a kappa!
【Kohane's Voice】Wow! That's a character that only appears during summer! I've been so excited to see it!
【Ichika】Hehe. Sounds like some people are having a fun time. It's rare to be in a haunted house without any screaming.
【Nene】Yeah. I don't think I've seen anyone scared in... Actually, scratch that. I think I have.
【Ichika】Are you possibly referring to...
【Saki's Voice】AHHH!!! Hurry, Hona! Something's over there and it's staring right at us!!!
【Honami's Voice】AHHH!!! That's a kappa! Wait for me, Saki!!!
【Ichika】...those two?
【Nene】Yup. I guess it doesn't take much to scare them...
[Sound] bgm00000
