【Hatsune Miku — Voices In Unison〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: Voices In Unison（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Echo My Melody
scenarioId: 021030_miku01

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Miku】I'm glad the girls' music video shoot went so well.
【Rin】Yeah, me too! They gave me goosebumps because they looked so awesome♪
【Len】And they played well. They all seemed really confident about themselves.
【Miku】I agree. I thought I knew about how much they've grown up to this point...
【Miku】But today, their performance made my heart jump. It was like they were absolutely determined to have their song heard by as many people as possible.
【Len】Yeah, I felt as if I'd been hit by a wave of their emotions while listening.
【Miku】I hope they succeed... I really want more people to hear their song.
【Rin】They totally will☆ I mean, their performance was just that amazing!
【Rin】I bet people around the world are gonna hear them and say, “Wow! Check out Leo/need♪”
【Len】You know it's not gonna be that easy, right...?
【Rin】Why not? They played so well today!
【Len】Yeah, I know... But the world's full of even more amazing bands, including professional ones.
【Rin】So...?
【Len】So... Um...
【Miku】There's plenty of other incredible songs and performances in this sea of music.
【Miku】And Leo/need has to compete against all of them and find ways to turn people's heads, right?
【Rin】Do you think they're not gonna be able to do that, Miku-P...?
【Miku】No, I'm just trying to say that there's a very big world out there. Bigger than we realize...
【Miku】And the girls practice each day because they're fully aware of that fact.
【Len】Yeah, they're gonna feel a lot of pressure if our expectations become too inflated.
【Rin】Oh, right...
【Miku】But I know how you feel, Rin. I also want lots and lots of people to see the girls' music video.
【Miku】At the very least, I was incredibly moved by the way they played.
【Miku】It may've been just for a music video, but I'm incredibly glad that I got to witness that...
【Rin】Me too! We were the only ones there, so it was like... Uhh... A private show, right?!
【Len】I don't think that's quite...
【Rin】Ugh! Forget the details! Anyway, let's talk more about their video♪
【Rin】Sakki was so amazing during the chorus! It's like she was able to channel all of her feelings into each note!
【Len】Yeah, Saki definitely seemed to be on a roll. It was like she was saying, “Get ready for the chorus! Here it comes!” And she really pulled everyone forward.
【Miku】She did. Honami and Shiho had perfect synergy with her too, which created such a wonderful vibe.
【Len】Yeah. They provided the foundation that allowed her synth to really shine through.
【Len】And then, the way Ichika played her guitar! That was so cool!
【Miku】Yes, it was...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a001901
【Ichika】♪————!
[Background Change] bg_f000101
【Miku】She sounded so much better than usual. I could feel each note resonating with my heart...
【Rin】Yeah, same! Ichi was so cool!
【Rin】*Sigh* I really wanna see them play like that again...
【Len】It won't be live, but you can watch their music video as many times as you like.
【Rin】Wait, that's right! Len, you're a genius!
【Len】I'm not sure how I feel about that... If anything, I feel like you're sorta making fun of me.
【Rin】No, I'm not making fun of you! Honest!
【Miku】Hehe.
【Miku】(Getting everyone around the world to suddenly hear the girls' song like Rin says is a tall order...)
【Miku】(But there are definitely people out there who know how good their music is.)
【Miku】(I really hope they succeed...)
[Sound] bgm00000
