【KAITO — A Reassuring Smile〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: KAITO
Card: A Reassuring Smile（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Choices for the Future
scenarioId: 026048_kaito01

[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Suzurangumi Actress A】<Let us go together! To the place where the white roses point!>
【Suzurangumi Actress B】<Yes, I feel that we'll be able to go anywhere together.>
【KAITO】Oh, I liked that last part... I'll rewind it to... Here.
【KAITO】Morinomiya really knows how to produce good dancers. Everybody's moving in lockstep.
【KAITO】I've watched this a number of times already, but I keep finding these little things that they've clearly worked very hard on to perfect.
【???】KAITO☆
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_4
【Len】Oh, are you watching that Morinomiya DVD again?
【Rin】You've been glued to it ever since Rui came over and lent you that DVD player.
【KAITO】Hehe. I'm yet to get tired of it.
【Miku】Yeah, I get what you mean! They're such amazing singers and dancers☆
【Luka】Still, I have to think that KAITO is the most obsessed out of all of us.
【MEIKO】While we're on the subject, KAITO, you had Morinomiya on your mind even before you got your hands on this DVD.
【KAITO】Yes, ever since Tsukasa and the others told us about it.
【KAITO】I couldn't help but wonder what their shows are like since their troupes only consist of men or women.
【KAITO】Now that I've actually seen a few, they've completely blown away my expectations.
【Len】It was so different seeing women playing male characters and vice versa!
【Rin】But the women playing male characters look so cool while doing it♪
【Luka】And I was stunned by how beautiful the men playing female characters looked.
【KAITO】It's also interesting how the impression a character gives off can vary so drastically based on the performer's gender.
【MEIKO】That must be one of the biggest reasons why their fans can't get enough of Morinomiya's shows!
【KAITO】I agree. I'm curious to see what would happen if we tried that.
【Miku】Oh, does that mean I'd look super cool if I played a male character?!
【KAITO】Hehe. If you're curious, why don't you give it a try?
【Miku】Hehe. Then... Ahem!
【Miku】Ah, princess, your prince has arrived! Let us attend that party and make merry together!
【Rin】Oh, Miku, that was really cool!
【Luka】Why limit yourself to just cool roles? I'd love to see you play an old man.
【Miku】An old man? U-Uhh...
【Miku】Hah hah hah! How are we all doing today? Good? Make sure to give out plenty of snacks to everyone!
【KAITO】I'm not sure who you're playing...
【KAITO】But your character seems like a very jolly fellow.
【Miku】Yeah, that was really fun! You guys should also try it♪
【Luka】I think I'd like to play a prince.
【Rin】Prince Luka?
【MEIKO】I can't imagine what that's going to be like!
【Luka】Here goes nothing.
【Luka】Princess, the ball is starting. Come dance with me.
【Rin】Haha♪ That's just you being yourself, Luka!
【Len】Shouldn't a prince act more prim and proper?
【Luka】Oh, I tried my best to do that, but I guess it wasn't enough.
【KAITO】Hehe. That doesn't make this activity any less interesting. Playing characters that we normally don't allows us to present a new side of ourselves.
【KAITO】It might be worth putting on a show using this format!
【Miku】Yeah, I wanna give it a try!
【MEIKO】Me too! I'm sure it's going to be wonderfully exciting!
【Len】We can even perform it for Tsukasa and the others once it's done!
【Rin】I bet their jaws are gonna hit the floor☆
【KAITO】Yes, we should do our best to surprise them. So, let's start getting everything together, shall we?
[Sound] bgm00000
