【Tenma Tsukasa — Unwavering Resolve〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: Unwavering Resolve（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Dear My Fellows
scenarioId: 013045_tsukasa02

[Background Change] bg_d002501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
[Caption] Harbor
【Tsukasa】We were supposed to meet here for today's practice, but...
[Sound] se_walk_men_001_1
【Tsukasa】Oh, there you all are. Why are you gathered around the tree?
【Rui】Ah, Tsukasa... We were just making sure that it's doing okay.
【Emu】Yeah, we wanted to make sure there weren't any black fragments like before.
【Tsukasa】I see. As far as I can tell, everything seems normal.
【Nene】Yeah. But what if it happens again...?
【Miku】Hmm... They did appear totally out of the blue.
【Luka】This SEKAI may yet hold many more secrets. I was honestly startled by how those fragments made you all fall asleep.
【KAITO】To be fair, someone being awake one moment and asleep the next was hardly a first for this SEKAI.
【Luka】Oh, really?
【MEIKO】We have you to thank, Luka. Still, I'm glad that you all woke up and there weren't any problems!
【Rin】Me too. I didn't know what we were gonna do if you guys stayed asleep...!
【Tsukasa】I see. That means we caused you all quite a lot of concern.
【Rui】It was my fault for not thinking twice before touching them. I ended up dragging us all into that dream...
【Nene】I mean, we don't blame you. None of us thought we'd end up in that state.
【Emu】Yeah! If you didn't touch them, Rui, then I probably would've!
【Tsukasa】Hey, don't act so proud!
【Tsukasa】In any case, I don't think it was an entirely bad experience since we gained a new level of understanding of this SEKAI.
【Rui】Yes, I agree...
【Rui】However, now that we know what those fragments do, we may want to refrain from touching anything we don't recognize.
【Emu】I guess that also means we shouldn't bring the things we find over to show everybody.
【Nene】That would normally involve touching it, yeah.
【Rin】There might be stuff on the ground, so that means we gotta really watch where we walk!
【Len】R-Right. We need to keep an eye out so you guys don't touch anything weird...!
【Tsukasa】We appreciate the caution... But I don't think you need to worry that much about us.
【Rin】Huh?
【Tsukasa】Those fragments were born out of all our feelings, no?
【Tsukasa】So, I doubt they're that dangerous. We ultimately managed to wake up, after all.
【Len】But...
【KAITO】I agree... I don't think there's any need to worry.
【KAITO】To be fair, I can't say with absolute certainty...
【KAITO】But that dream had you all going your separate ways to achieve your own goals, yes?
【Tsukasa】Yes, that's right.
【KAITO】And because of that dream, I believe the four of you made an important realization all over again.
【KAITO】You felt compelled to make the most of the time you get to spend putting on shows together.
【KAITO】When you look at it that way, it doesn't seem so scary.
【Nene】Yeah, you're right...
【Rui】You also said something similar, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Yes, it was a good reminder of how we need to treasure the time we get to spend together each day.
【Tsukasa】Also, even if more fragments were to appear in the future, they don't necessarily have to be related to negative feelings.
【Tsukasa】Next time, they might be fragments born out of fun and joy!
【Rin】Yeah! Fun fragments means you'll all get to see a fun dream, right?♪
【KAITO】Yes, if the feelings are powerful enough.
【Emu】I want my dream to be about eating lots and lots of taiyaki☆
【Len】Oh, Tsukasa, what do you want your dream to be about?
【Tsukasa】Obviously, about us putting on the best show ever!
【Rui】Oh? Shouldn't you be more focused on making that dream come true?
【Nene】We did come here to practice for a show.
【Tsukasa】Right! Let's change gears and get back to working on that!
【Nene, Emu & Rui】Yeah. Yeah! Yes.
[Sound] bgm00000
