【Kagamine Rin — No Head Pats, Thank You!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kagamine Rin
Card: No Head Pats, Thank You!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Connect Hearts Message
scenarioId: 022044_rin01

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Ichika】Alright, we should probably head out now.
【Saki】Okay! Have fun at work!
【Shiho】Then, why don't we take a quick break before we resume practice?
【Rin】Oh, in that case, can we talk about some stuff?!
【Saki】Sure! What do you wanna talk about?
【Rin】So, I wanna ask you two more about the work research shadowing program thing you told us about!
【Saki】The shadowing program? Then, what if we told her more about our office visit?
【Shiho】That might be good. It did have a pretty interesting “we plan events” feeling to it.
【Rin】Like what?
【Saki】Hmm... Oh!
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_b000101
[Background Change] bg_f000101
【Saki】In one corner of their office, they had a big pile of equipment that they use for their events! That really made it feel like an event company!
【Rin】Oh, really?!
【Saki】The person right next to the pile did seem a little bit cramped...
【Shiho】But they said they liked it better working in a smaller space like that.
【Rin】Haha. I think I understand! Like when you're playing hide and seek and you hide in the broom closet. It's pretty comfy in there.
【Shiho】I don't think that's quite what they meant...
【Shiho】Oh, they also had a bunch of event posters pinned up around the office. You probably wouldn't get that at other companies.
【Saki】Yeah, that's right! There were so many all lined up! Just looking at them was really fun!
【Saki】Also, I really liked the desks of the people who worked there.
【Rin】Huh? Their desks?
【Saki】A lot of people had special tools and catalogs on their desks, but some also had game cases and children's books lined up!
【Saki】The lady who showed us around had a bunch of merch of event mascots on her desk.
【Saki】And she told us...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_b000101
【Kizaki】One reason why I have these on my desk is because I think they're really cute, of course.
【Kizaki】But they also represent the joy I feel each time I get to see our guests enjoying our events, and connecting with the heart of what we're doing.
【Kizaki】I won't forget that sensation as long as they're on my desk, and I feel motivated to do my best for our next event.
[Background Change] bg_f000101
【Rin】They remind her of her past accomplishments, which in turn drive her to keep doing her best... That's really cool!
【Saki】And she isn't alone. Apparently, her company recommends all of their employees do the same!
【Shiho】Yeah, everyone did have a lot of merch on their desks.
【Saki】I know, right♪ The entire place had this glittery glow to it, like they were all having so much fun...
【Rin】A glittery glow...
[Sound] se00053_b
【Rin】Yeah, I think I know what you mean!
【Saki】Huh?
【Rin】It's like when you're writing songs, Sakki. Or when Shih is practicing on her own, or when all of you are playing together.
【Rin】You all make the air around you sparkle, because you're doing what you love with all your hearts!
【Saki】Wait, really...?!
【Shiho】I mean, I dunno if we make the air sparkle... Being pros comes with certain responsibilities and resolutions, that's all.
【Rin】(Hehe. Still, people do sorta shine whenever they're doing something they really love...)
【Rin】(Which means the employees at that company are just like Sakki and the others. They must have a lot of great memories.)
【Rin】(Now I really can't wait to see what the event they said they'll be helping out with is gonna be like!)
[Sound] bgm00000
