【Kiritani Haruka — Hope Delivered〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Hope Delivered（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: To One Day Reach that Flowery Stage
scenarioId: 006035_haruka02

[Background Change] bg_b003101
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
[Caption] Flower Field
【Haruka】I'm glad the sky's still the same beautiful blue as last time.
【Minori】Me too! It only drizzles a bit here, so we can have picnics without worrying about it raining cats and dogs!
【Len】Cats and dogs? I'd heard that you don't exactly have the best luck, Minori, but still...
【Airi】I know, right? And yet it's been torrential on our side today.
【Len】Huh...?
【Shizuku】Incredibly windy as well...
【KAITO】I had no idea... That's pretty incredible if you think about it...
【Luka】But like Haruka said, we have such beautiful clear skies here. So, let's enjoy our picnic, shall we♪
【Minori & Rin】Yeah!
【Rin】Actually, when can we start having those rice balls and sandwiches you all brought over?
【Haruka】Probably after we've had another chance to take a look around this place.
【Shizuku】We did all end up coming at different times when it was initially discovered.
【Haruka】Right. And there may be some glowing flowers that we haven't found yet.
【Airi】The flowers we found helped us a ton, so we should find any that are still out there.
【Rin】Okay! Then, those rice balls and sandwiches will just have to wait until a little later.
【MEIKO】Hm? Miku? You look a bit disappointed.
【Miku】What?! M-MEIKO! Please don't make it sound like I'm that hungry or something...!
【Minori, Airi, Haruka & Shizuku】Haha! Hehe.
【Haruka】Anyway, everyone, let's start exploring.
【Minori】Roger!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Also, ta-daa! I borrowed an encyclopedia about flowers from the school's library!
[Sound] bgm00006
【MEIKO】Oh, that should help us greatly in terms of identifying the flowers here!
【Miku】Yes, it should♪
【Miku】Oh, Minori! What about this red one? Its leaves look really unique...
【KAITO】This orange one is also interesting. It's very similar to a dahlia, but...
【Haruka】Oh, you're right... Even when you stick your hand in, it doesn't get wet.
【Rin】See what I mean?! How cool is that?!
【Shizuku】Oh, why don't we have our picnic here? We should be able to lay out our blanket without crushing any of the flowers.
【Luka】Hehe. Okay. Then, let's call the others over♪
【Len】I'll go. You two keep setting everything up.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Hehe. Exploring and having a picnic here as a group was so much fun!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Airi】Now that you mention it, I really enjoyed our picnic.
【Haruka】Yeah. I had a lot of fun too.
【Shizuku】Me as well. Especially since I got to go for a walk with everyone in such a beautiful place like this.
【Miku】I also had a lot of fun♪
【Rin】Me too♪
【Haruka】Anyway, this seems like a good time for us to break out the food.
【Rin】Yay♪
【MEIKO】You're both making it seem like this is the main event cheering like that.
【Airi】Hehe. I'm glad to see that you're so excited!
[Sound] se00055_b
【Airi】So, here are the sandwiches I made! You've got your choice of BLT, ham and fruit!
【Miku】Wow, they all look delicious...!
【Minori】I also made some sandwiches!
【Minori】Let's see... These are egg salad, these have strawberry jam in them and these are the marmalade ones!
【Luka】Oh, these all look so wonderful. They're so colorful and aesthetically pleasing♪
【Haruka】I've got rice balls over here. You can choose from plum, salmon and red perilla leaf seasoning.
【Shizuku】I also made some rice balls. Mine have bonito flakes, tuna and mustard greens in them.
【Rin】Wow! You girls made all these for us?
【Len】We really appreciate it. Now, where to begin...
【KAITO】*Nod* It must've taken you girls a lot of time and effort to make all this.
【Haruka】I had fun making mine since I ran a few taste tests along the way.
【Haruka】Also, the thought of seeing you all smile excited me so much that my hands basically went on autopilot.
【Minori】Same here!
【KAITO】Hehe. You put in all this effort just for us. I suppose we shouldn't expect any less from you girls.
【Miku】Yes, thank you all very much♪
【Rin, Len, Luka & MEIKO】Thank you♪ Thank you!
【MEIKO】Anyway, shall we get started?
【Haruka】Ready?!
[Background Change] bg_a003701
【Everyone】Let's eat!
[Sound] bgm00000
