【Azusawa Kohane — Happy Birthday! 2024〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: Happy Birthday! 2024（BD）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 009024_kohane02

[Background Change] bg_a002201
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - School Gate
【An】Kohane! Sorry to have kept you waiting. I'm here now!
【Kohane】An! Wait, where are Shinonome and Aoyagi?
【An】They went ahead to Dad's place to get things ready, but said we can take our time.
【Kohane】Hehe, I'm looking forward to it.
【An】Ah, that's right. Mizuki told me to give you this. Here, it's a hair accessory!
[Sound] se00055_b
【Kohane】Wow! What a cute hair ribbon! It's so gorgeous... I wonder if it would look good on me.
【An】Of course it would! You're cute, and what's more, Mizuki picked it out!
【An】Oh, and I bet Mizuki would be super happy if you sent over a picture of you wearing it!
【Kohane】Will do! I'm a little embarrassed to... But I'll send a thank-you message along with it.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000101
[Sound] bgm00035
[Caption] Weekend Garage
[Sound] se00006_b
【Kohane】Hell...oh!
【Kohane】Wow! Everything's so beautifully decorated!
【Arata】Oh, looks like our star of the day has arrived.
【EVER Members】Hey! Thanks for inviting us to the party.
【Kohane】Tono! Oh, everyone from EVER is here too! Thank you all so much for coming.
【Arata】Well, we do put on events together, and plus An wanted us to come.
[Sound] se00097_b
【Akito】Hm? Hey, Tono. You've still got some decorations to put up. I've already finished my side.
【Arata】Oh, my bad.
【Kohane】Huh? So you guys helped with the decorations too?
【Tatsuya】We were getting bored just standing around and waiting, so Shinonome made us his errand boys.
【Akito】Making me out to be the bad guy, huh. You're the ones who offered to help.
【Kohane】Thank you everyone! And thank you for doing all this, Shinonome!
【Akito】Hey, it's your birthday today, so don't go around trying to help.
【Kohane】Hehe. Well if you really don't mind. I'm looking forward to it!
【An】That's right! By the way, where are Toya and Kotaro?
【Kotaro】Right here! We've got several freshly-made dishes waiting here, so if anyone's free, we'd appreciate help taking them to the tables!
【EVER Members】On it!
【Toya】Azusawa's already here. Shall we bring out the centerpiece yet?
【An】Yeah. Alright! Toya, help me carry it.
【Toya】Okay.
[Sound] se00170_b
【Kohane】... The centerpiece?
【Tatsuya】So, is everyone here now?
【Kohane】Oh, um... I did tell Taiga that there was going to be a party today...
【An's Father】If he can make it then I'm sure he'll be here at some point. Here, would you mind putting these plates on that table?
【Tatsuya】Got it.
[Sound] se00170_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【An】Alright, make way! Giant cake coming through!
【Kohane】Whoa, what a huge shortcake!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Toya】That's right. Shiraishi made it especially for today. It really is the centerpiece of the table.
【An】What do you think? Doesn't it look great?
【Kohane】It is, but how did you manage... Oh! Don't tell me you've been working on this since yesterday?
【An】You got me. I may not have slept much last night, but it's the least I could do for my amazing partner!
【Kohane】*Gasp* Thank you so much, An. I'm so grateful!
【An】Hehe, you're very welcome!
【An】Ah, and also, the ingredients to make all this food was from friends from around town!
【An】When I told them your birthday was coming up, suddenly everyone started giving me all sorts of stuff!
【Kohane】They did that...?
【An】Yeah! Like the strawberries on the cake were from the person at the crepe shop and the old lady at the fruit shop! They even said that they'll give us a free treat the next time we visit them.
【Kohane】Really? Hehe, then that means I'm going to have to stop by to thank them.
[Sound] se00006_b
【Taiga】What's this? Looks like the party's barely started.
【Kohane】Oh, Taiga, you made it!
【Taiga】Yes, well, I couldn't turn down an offer from the birthday girl, could I?
【Kohane】Hehe, thank you!
【An】Okay, it seems like everyone we invited is here now, so let's raise a toast!
【Kotaro】Great! Please, do the honors!
【An】Okay, ready?
【An】Happy birthday, Kohane!
【Everyone】Happy birthday! Happy birthday!
【An's Father & Taiga】Happy birthday.
【Kohane】Thank you so much!
【Kohane】(First my classmates and everyone from Wonderlands×Showtime, and now An and the others...)
【Kohane】(I can't believe I got the chance to celebrate my birthday with so many people...)
【Kohane】(It makes me...so happy!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000171
[Sound] bgm00097
【Mizuki】Kohane, thanks for that picture of you wearing the ribbon! You look way cuter in it than I could ever imagine! I hope you keep wearing it!
【Nene】Happy birthday, Azusawa. I'm glad you liked the birthday video.
【Rui】Like I said in the video, thank you for always coming to see our shows. It's a joy to have a fan like you.
【Tsukasa】Yes! We promise to give it our utmost every day, so you better be watching us with bated breath!
【Emu】You're always welcome to come visit us at the Wonder Stage! Happy, happy, happy birthday to you♪
【Minori】Happy birthday, Kohane! I'm so glad our little rooftop surprise went well. Thank you everyone for helping out!
【Haruka】Of course. We wanted to celebrate Kohane's birthday, too. Many fun and heated debates went into choosing your gift.
【Airi】We heard how serious you are about singing, so we wanted our gift to be both practical and helpful in a professional sense. Then, we all came up with ideas to consider with scrutiny!
【Shizuku】That's right. Kohane, when it comes to self-care, don't hesitate to ask us anything. I'm sure our gift will come in very handy.
【Minori】Hehehe, happy birthday, Kohane!
【Ichika】Once again, happy birthday, Kohane. I'm glad we got to celebrate together and surprise you with Phenny!
【Saki】Hahaha. Good thing we made a mad dash for it after school, right, Shiho?♪
【Shiho】Why're you looking at me? Wasn't it you and the others who suggested the Phenny plushie in the first place?
【Honami】Hehe, that may be true, but you were the one who did a ton of research on Phenny merch, and picked out the one we ended up giving her!
【Shiho】Well, who wouldn't make sure the recipient actually likes their gift? Anyway, happy birthday, Kohane.
【Toya】Happy birthday, Azusawa. As Tono and the others said, I'm happy to have helped put this party together and see you enjoy it.
【An】Yeah! Seeing your adorable face munching away on that slice of cake was totally worth the all-nighter!
【Akito】Now that you mention it, I saw An off to one side watching you with a grin on her face as you dug in.
【An】Hey now. Seeing my partner smile like that was seeing how all my hard work paid off.
【An】Kohane! I know I say this all the time, but you are the best partner I could have ever asked for.
【An】I know there'll be a lot of hurdles between us and our goal to surpass RAD WEEKEND, but I'll do my best. Someday, we'll all achieve that dream together!
[Background Change] bg_c000401
【Kohane】My school friends, teammates, and even the locals...
【Kohane】So many people helped put these celebrations together. It's like I'm dreaming.
【Kohane】Thank you all so much for celebrating my birthday with me!
【Kohane】I'm going to keep doing my best! To surpass RAD WEEKEND and for all of those people who come watch us perform!
【Kohane】So, I hope you all continue to support me. Thank you so much for today!
[Sound] bgm00000
