【Otori Emu — Eyes On Other Troupes〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: Eyes On Other Troupes（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Deeper and Deeper
scenarioId: 014046_emu02

[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Emu】Hey, you guys!
[Sound] se_run_women_001_1
【Miku】Oh! Hi, Emu! Welcome♪
【Rin】What brings you here today?
【Emu】Hehe. There's a video I wanna watch with you guys!
【Len】A video?
【Emu】Drum roll, please! It's a video by Elio Sakurai☆
【Miku】Wow, really?!
【Emu】Yup! I decided to bring this over since you guys showed a lot of interest the other day♪
【Miku】That's because you talked about him with so much enthusiasm, Emu.
【Miku】Like how he taught you jazz dance, and even got to do some theatre dancing with him.
【Len】You said all the demonstrations he did were amazing!
【Rin】We've been wondering what he's like ever since, so it's great that we finally get to see a video of him♪
【Emu】Today, I'm gonna show you guys a video of the dance I wanna start practicing soon!
【Miku】Oh, I can't wait to see what it's like☆
【Len】You always have such a big smile on your face when you talk about the workshop, Emu.
【Rin】It must have been so much fun♪
【Emu】Yeah, I'm so glad that we got to do it!
【Emu】I got to see how the best singers and dancers and actors in the world do their stuff. I really learned so much!
【Emu】All the people from ArcLand were super impressed, too!
【Miku】Wow, that does sound amazing! I wish we could've been there with you guys!
【Emu】It would've been so much fun if you were all there with us...
【Rin】Emu?
【Emu】Oh, it's just...
【Emu】I wish the others from Phoenix Wonderland could've participated too.
【Emu】So that they could also see what world-class performers do and how they think...
【Emu】And they could learn just as much as I did.
【Len】I see...
【Emu】I hope we can hold a workshop just like that at Phoenix Wonderland someday.
【Emu】Oh, we could invite Riley Dream Park's actors and performers!
【Emu】That show we saw a while back was really awesome, so I'd love to learn how they put theirs together.
【Len】The folks from that giant amusement park?
【Rin】That sounds amazing. I'm gonna pop over to take peeks when that happens☆
【Emu】Hehe. Definitely come!
【Emu】Also, I'd want the troupes we trained with to come too.
【Emu】That includes Bakuno, Mr. Kijima and everyone from the Morinomiya Revue!
【Emu】If we study and learn about lots of shows from places that aren't Phoenix Wonderland...
【Emu】Maybe someday we can put on a show that's different from all the other ones we've done!
【Miku】Oh, speaking of someday...
【Miku】Maybe someday you and the others will be the ones teaching everyone, Emu☆
【Emu】Huh?
【Miku】You've all been working so hard and getting so good!
【Miku】So that day may come, someday♪
【Emu】Us, teaching...?
【Len】Wow, that'd be pretty cool!
【Rin】I wanna see you guys being teachers!
【Emu】Teachers...
【Emu】Yeah! That'd be super duper amazing!
【Emu】But if we wanna get there, we have to train, learn and grow a lot more!
【Len】Then, let's start by watching that video of Mr. Sakurai!
【Rin】Oh, I can't wait!
[Sound] bgm00000
