【Momoi Airi — Service With A Smile〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Service With A Smile（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: From the Marks Left Behind
scenarioId: 007032_airi02

[Background Change] bg_b003001
【Airi】Hello!
【Elderly Lady】Welcome, everyone. Thank you for stopping by to clean today.
【Elderly Lady】Still, I wish I had more time. I would've asked a cleaning service to send someone over...
【Minori】No, that's okay since we asked if we could move in as soon as possible!
【Minori】Also, I'm on my school's animal caretaker committee, so cleaning is my forte!
【Shizuku】Oh, and I used to be on the cleanup committee. We promise to do our best today.
【Airi】I get the cleanup committee, but what does taking care of animals have to do with this?
【Minori】Everything! We have to work quickly but discreetly in order to keep the rabbits from getting too scared!
【Haruka】Oh, Kohane and Hinomori also mentioned that.
【Haruka】They really admire how efficiently you're able to clean the cage.
【Airi】Really? In that case, we'll be counting on you today.
【Minori】Alright, let's do our best to make this place shine!
【Airi, Haruka & Shizuku】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Can you reach all the really high places using the feather duster, Shizuku?
[Sound] bgm00190
【Shizuku】Yes, I think so.
【Airi】You'll probably want to wear a mask. I'd rather not have you breathe in that dust.
[Sound] se00055_b
【Airi】Here, put this on.
【Shizuku】Thank you, Airi. I really appreciate it.
[Sound] se00043_b
【Haruka】Mind if I use that floor wiper you brought, Airi? I want to try using it on the screen door.
【Airi】Sure, but do you know how to clean a screen door?
【Haruka】How? Does that mean it's not a good idea to just wipe it down?
【Airi】See how it's a big mesh? There's a trick to cleaning this kind of stuff.
【Airi】Minori, Shizuku, can you two take care of this? I'm gonna go help Haruka.
【Minori & Shizuku】Okay!
【Airi】Next up is the kitchen! Let's start with the hardest part, the ventilation.
【Minori】Oh, we'll need something to catch anything that comes out! We can use some of this newspaper!
【Airi】Hey, that's perfect! You sound like a pro, Minori!
【Airi】Can you get us some hot water, Haruka, Shizuku?
【Haruka】On it.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00091_b
【Minori】Wow...! It's so clean now!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Shizuku】Yes, including the floors and windows! They're sparkling!
【Airi】Now we can move in without a second thought!
【Haruka】Yeah.
【Haruka】You and Airi did a great job of leading, Minori.
【Shizuku】I agree. It seemed like you both knew exactly what to do every time.
【Minori】Hehe. Again, being on the animal caretaker committee has taught me a lot!
【Airi】Yeah, I didn't see you hesitate once. I have no choice but to say that you being a member of the animal caretaker committee helped a lot.
【Minori】Woohoo!
【Minori】But you were definitely way more amazing, Airi! I mean, you knew how to properly clean an air conditioner!
【Haruka】I agree... It took you so little time to take out the fans and filters.
【Airi】My dad taught me how. Actually, more like he made me learn...
【Airi】I'm sure you already know, but he loves doing housework...
【Airi】Be it cooking or cleaning, whenever he discovers a new life hack, he doesn't rest until the rest of us have also learned it.
【Haruka】I see.
[Sound] se00043_b
【Elderly Lady】How's the cleaning going?
【Elderly Lady】Oh, would you look at that...! Everything's sparkling.
【Minori】Yes, we just finished a second ago!
【Elderly Lady】Thank you all for your hard work. I wasn't expecting you to be this thorough.
【Airi】No, it was our pleasure since we're the ones moving in.
【Elderly Lady】Hehe. And I'm sure you'll take good care of this place.
【Elderly Lady】Now, how about some tea? I'm sure it'll taste even better now that your new home is clean.
【Minori】Oh, you're making tea for us?!
【Airi】Thank you very much! Then, if you don't mind...
[Sound] bgm00000
