【Akiyama Mizuki — It's All Over〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Akiyama Mizuki
Card: It's All Over（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Whither This Path of Thorns
scenarioId: 020038_mizuki01

[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Caption] Two months before the school festival
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Class 2-B
【Mizuki】Cool. So our class is gonna run an escape room this year...?
【Toya】Yes. We decided during homeroom last week, and we've already begun preparing for it this week.
【Mizuki】Yeah, I guess it already is that time of year.
【Mizuki】(So much stuff happened since I last came to school. But that's also sorta business as usual.)
【Mizuki】(Still, an escape room. That could be pretty fun since we get to come up with the riddles for it.)
【Toya】I should also mention that we were initially considering either a maze or a haunted house.
【Mizuki】Oh, those are tried-and-true standards! What made you guys decide against those?
【Toya】Because they're festival standards. It turned out that classes in other grades had already chosen to do those.
【Mizuki】Some classes ended up doing the same things during the last festival, so I feel like you guys didn't have to change course.
【Toya】No, we didn't have to. But now that we're second-years and know what to do, we decided to go for something more original.
【Mizuki】More original...
【Mizuki】Yeah, an escape room would be more of a new experience compared to a maze or haunted house. It could end up being a really big draw!
【Mizuki】So, have you guys already decided what kinds of riddles you're gonna make?
【Toya】No, we're still in the middle of gathering ideas. However, we have already begun work on the interior design, posters, flyers, signs and such.
【Mizuki】Okay.
【Mizuki】(If they've already begun working on it, then that probably means groups have already been decided.)
【Mizuki】(I wonder which one I'm in...)
【Mizuki】(Come to think of it, I remember my teacher last year saying that anyone who wasn't around was allowed to ask to join whichever group they liked.)
【Mizuki】Actually, quick question...
【Mizuki】What happens to the people who weren't present when you guys decided groups and stuff?
【Toya】Ah, my apologies. I failed to mention that.
【Toya】You're free to join and work with whichever group you like, Akiyama.
【Toya】You currently have your choice of interior design, advertising by making and putting up flyers, signs and the like and...
【Mizuki】(Basically the same deal as last year. Which should I join?)
【Mizuki】(My teacher's been on my case about having to come in at least once every two days because I need to take a bunch of supplementary classes, so I wouldn't really mind working on festival stuff...)
【Mizuki】(But it feels pretty awkward to go ask one of the groups to let me join them.)
【Toya】What do you think...? Are there any groups that you'd like to join?
【Mizuki】Oh, yeah. A couple seemed interesting...
【Mizuki】Actually, Toya, which group are you in? I might try joining yours.
【Toya】...!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Mizuki】Hm? Toya...?
【Toya】No, I've failed you...
【Toya】I'm sorry. I'm actually not in any of the groups.
【Toya】I've been asked to come up with all the riddles, so I'll be focusing on that for the time being.
[Sound] bgm00170
【Mizuki】Wait, you're not in a group...? You're coming up with the riddles all by yourself?
【Toya】Yes. I have asked the rest of the class to give me any suggestions, but...
【Mizuki】That sounds like a ton of work, though?! Are you sure you can do this all on your own?
【Toya】Well, it may be a lot of work...
【Toya】But I do enjoy puzzles, so I felt I'd be able to handle this job.
【Mizuki】Oh, you like puzzles? I knew that you liked reading mystery novels...
【Toya】Yes, they've been appearing on my social media feed from time to time. I've found that I really enjoy the feeling I get when an answer comes to me.
【Mizuki】The answers just come to you...?
【Mizuki】(It makes sense. Not only is Toya really studious, he also seems good at thinking outside the box.)
【Mizuki】(Hmm... I was hoping to join his group, but based on what he just told me...)
【Toya】Akiyama... Would you like to help me come up with riddles?
【Mizuki】(Oh...)
【Mizuki】Haha. You don't have to do that for me! It'll probably go faster if our riddle expert handles everything.
【Toya】No, I fear that there isn't going to be much variation if I alone come up with them.
【Toya】Which is precisely why I've been asking the others in class for any suggestions they may have.
【Mizuki】Oh, that's what you meant...
【Toya】I don't know if it's because they're trying to come up with the best riddles they can, but I'm yet to receive any from them.
【Toya】Which is why I'd really appreciate it if I had someone else helping me.
【Mizuki】I see...
【Mizuki】Well, if you're willing to say that, then I'll be happy to hop on board!
【Mizuki】(And I'll be a lot more comfortable helping Toya instead of trying to join a group that already has a ton of people in it.)
【Toya】Great, thank you!
【Toya】Since you're here, do you think you could take a look at the riddles I've come up with so far?
【Mizuki】Yeah, totally! Show me what you got!
[Sound] bgm00000
