【Hinomori Shizuku — Unseasonable Snowfall〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hinomori Shizuku
Card: Unseasonable Snowfall（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: An Unmissable Spirited Affair
scenarioId: 008027_shizuku01

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Classroom
【Teacher】That's it in terms of the explanations for each activity. I want you to all have fun, but also to behave yourselves.
【Students】We will!
[Sound] se00249_b
[Sound] se00249_b
【Shizuku】I'm looking forward to the tour of Kiyomizu-dera Temple, but there are so many other things to see in that area.
【Mafuyu】Yes, there are. I'm interested in seeing what kinds of souvenir shops there are along the streets leading up to the temple. Gojo-zaka and Sannen-zaka in particular are very famous, so I'm looking forward to walking up them.
【Airi】Same here. Especially Sannen-zaka since I think it appeared in that school play.
【Shizuku】Oh, are you talking about the one with the tengu?
【Mafuyu】I remember that one as well. But I didn't realize it took place in Kyoto.
【Airi】I was under that impression because a tengu appeared in it. Did I misunderstand?
【Mafuyu】I'm not sure... It could be fun to read up on some of these things before actually going there.
【Shizuku】I agree.
【Shizuku】I've been there a few times before for work, but I rarely ever got to do any sightseeing. I'm looking forward to this trip so much.
【Airi】Then, we should do our homework before we go. There's gotta be some good food waiting for us, including sweets!
【Mafuyu】Sweets... There must be quite a few shops that have been in business for a very long time. It will be hard to pick from them.
【Airi】Hehehe. Leave that to me. I'm pretty good at finding delicious spots!
【Airi】Oh, sorry... I'm taking it for granted that we'll also be spending our free time in the afternoon together.
【Shizuku】I'd like to do that... Do you plan on rejoining your classmates in the afternoon, Asahina?
【Mafuyu】I was thinking about doing that, but I won't be with them for the first day so as to not waste time.
【Mafuyu】So, if it's alright, I'd like to spend the afternoon with the both of you.
【Shizuku】Yes, of course! This is so wonderful!
【Airi】Yeah, we're happy to have you!
【Airi】Then, let's keep discussing what we're gonna see and where we wanna visit!
【Shizuku & Mafuyu】Yes! Okay.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000601
【Shizuku】See you later!
[Sound] bgm00018
【Mafuyu】Please feel free to stop by the archery club whenever you have time.
[Sound] se00097_b
【Airi】Alright, we should head back to our classroom.
【Shizuku】Right.
[Sound] se00170_b
【Airi】Hehe. Shizuku, you were grinning the whole time we were talking to Asahina.
【Shizuku】I wasn't expecting that we'd get to go sightseeing together since we're in different classes.
【Airi】I mean, it's sort of a miracle that we get to go on the school trip at all.
【Shizuku】Yes. So, Airi, we need to have as much fun as we can.
【Shizuku】(That includes making as many memories as we can with Asahina...)
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a002204
【Mafuyu】Then, let's have another contest sometime.
【Shizuku】What?
【Mafuyu】This one ended in a draw...
【Mafuyu】But I'll win next time.
【Shizuku】Yes, let's...! And I promise to do my best then!
[Background Change] bg_a000601
【Shizuku】(This may be another chance for me to get to know Asahina better...)
【Shizuku】Hehe...
【Airi】(She must be thinking about Asahina again. She really is an open book.)
【Airi】Oh, also... We should think about what we're gonna get everyone.
【Shizuku】Yes, souvenirs! Something for Shii, something for Minori and Haruka and something for Miku and everyone...
【Airi】We can think of what to get Minori and the others together. The rest can be up to each of us.
【Airi】I'm also thinking about getting Saki and Emu something.
【Shizuku】Oh, I'm sure they'll really appreciate that! We should try to see what kinds of souvenir shops there are around the city.
【Airi】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
