【Mochizuki Honami — Leo/need〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Mochizuki Honami
Card: Leo/need（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 003002_honami02

[Background Change] bg_a001001
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Lady】Free coupons! Please take one!
【Honami】Oh... Um, thank you.
【Saki】Thank you!
【Ichika】It's for the game arcade, one free go at the claw machine.
【Saki】That's cool! Why don't we go to the arcade and try our luck?
【Ichika】Sure. I'm not working today anyway.
【Shiho】Okay, but I don't want to stay long...
【Honami】Oh... I'm sorry, but I have to go to work.
【Saki】That's too bad. Next time we should all go together!
【Honami】That'll be nice. Oh...
【Honami】I better check my messages before I get on the subway... Phew, Ms. Yoisaki replied.
【Honami】Today it's going to be...cleaning and cooking. I'll have to stop by the supermarket...
[Sound] se00104
【Ichika】Cleaning? Cooking?
【Saki】What sort of job does Hona do?
【Shiho】Dunno. I didn't even know she had a job.
【Ichika】Neither did I.
【Saki】...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002201
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard
【Honami】You want to know what I do?
【Saki】Yeah. It was news to me yesterday that you had a job too. What sort of thing is it?
【Ichika & Shiho】...
【Honami】Um...
【Shiho】Is it something you don't want to talk about?
【Honami】No, it's nothing embarrassing...
【Shiho】Who's this Ms. Yoisaki?
【Ichika】You cook and clean as part of your job?
【Saki】You don't work at a diner or a karaoke place, do you?
【Honami】Not so many questions at once! I'll tell you.
【Honami】I do housekeeping.
【Saki】Housekeeping?
【Saki】So you go to people's houses and cook and clean for them?
【Honami】Yes. I've always been good at housework, so I thought I could make some money off it.
【Honami】At first, I was going to apply for waitressing positions, but a friend told me it's very stressful work.
【Honami】I asked my mom for advice, and she told me that some of her clients use this housekeeping service.
【Saki】Your mom's a stylist, right? She works with models and the like?
【Honami】That's right. So I thought, since her clients have good opinions of this service, maybe it would be worth applying.
【Ichika】That reminds me of when you used to volunteer at a care home. You said then that you'd like that to be your job one day.
【Honami】I did, yes. I think that's when I realized I enjoyed looking after people.
【Shiho】So you go to strangers' houses and do house chores?
【Saki】Do you do it while they're in?
【Saki】You missed a spot, clean it again! Hyeh hyeh hyeh!
【Saki】Do you get bullied by tyrannical employers like that?! I saw that happen a lot in TV soaps I was watching while in the hospital!
【Honami】Hehe. It's not like that at all. I'm currently working for a girl one year older than us.
【Shiho】Say that again?
【Shiho】Your employer's a high school student? I bet there's an interesting story to that.
【Saki】Even kids who live in their own apartments don't normally hire housekeepers...
【Honami】Um... I'm sorry, but I can't tell you about her personal situation. I've got to respect her privacy.
【Ichika】Of course you do. Sorry for prying.
【Saki】She sounds all right, but what if you got called to a house and it turned out your employer was a lecherous old man or something!
【Honami】The agency lets us search for potential employers based on various criteria, so I make sure it's only people I'd be comfortable with.
【Honami】You can choose employers by gender, location, the scope of help with housework they require, things like that.
【Saki】Hmm... It sounds like a decent agency!
【Shiho】If it wasn't, her mom wouldn't have recommended it.
【Saki】Sorry for bothering you with all these questions, Hona.
【Honami】No, it's nice that you were so concerned about me.
【Honami】I'm really enjoying this job, so you don't need to worry!
【Honami】(I can't introduce Ms. Yoisaki to them, or them to Ms. Yoisaki because we have a professional relationship...)
【Honami】(But it would be great if we got the opportunity to all meet up someday.)
[Sound] bgm00000
