【KAITO — A Chat With The Lost〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: KAITO
Card: A Chat With The Lost（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: It's On! Wonder Halloween!
scenarioId: 026006_kaito02

[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Len】What? You're leaving already?
【Tsukasa】Yeah. We practiced quite a lot, after all! And we have to prepare for tomorrow's show, too.
【Rui】Although the Halloween show is over, we still have our regular stage performances to tend to.
【Rui】By the way, Tsukasa, what's your opinion about going around the world? Hehe...
【Tsukasa】I don't like where this is going, but...tell me more.
【Len】Hey, that sounds cool! Tell me more too!
【KAITO】(Looks like both Rui and Tsukasa are back to their usual selves now. That's great.)
【Len】KAITO, I'm back!
【KAITO】Welcome back. I saw that you were having a lot of fun with Rui and Tsukasa, hm?
【Len】Hehehe, they promised to perform together with me the next time they're here!
【KAITO】That's fantastic. I look forward to that.
【Len】Also, I was thinking of asking Rin to join us in the performance too, but does Tsukasa know that Rin is already in this SEKAI?
【KAITO】Yes. I introduced her to them before, and they even did a show together too.
【KAITO】Now that you mention it, I haven't been seeing her around much lately. But I'm sure she's just found somewhere to play by herself in this SEKAI.
【Len】Yup. Probably playing on an attraction somewhere today too!
【Len】Whenever we do meet, she's full of stories to tell about the attractions she's played and plushies she's met!
【Len】That's why I want to tell her about the shows that I've been doing with you and everyone else too!
【KAITO】Okay, I'm glad to hear she's keeping well.
【Len】By the way, while I'm inviting her to join this next show, can I invite her to your theatrical troupe too, KAITO?
【Len】She's really interested in performances and such, so I'm sure she'd jump at the chance to join!
【KAITO】Yes, of course. We would love to have her.
【Len】Yay! Okay, I'll invite her the next time we meet, then!
[Sound] se00049
【Miku】Aww, Len's so happy.
【KAITO】He must've been itching to perform together with Rin.
【Miku】Yup♪ I can't wait to see them perform together too!
【Miku】Besides, I know you want to see Tsukasa and Rui's show too, now that they've made up with each other, right, KAITO?
【KAITO】Yeah.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a000027
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【KAITO】I'm really so glad to see that Rui has recovered from feeling down.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Miku】I bet it was because Tsukasa tried his bestest to help♪
【KAITO】Haha. I bet it was!
【KAITO】By thus supporting your friends in what they want to do, and putting smiles on their faces...
【KAITO】Tsukasa, Emu, Nene, and Rui are certainly starting to grow and mature together as a troupe.
【Miku】Yeah! You can't make lots of people smile if you don't make yourself smile first☆
【KAITO】Yeah.
【KAITO】Our smile makes our friends smile, which leads to the smiles of the people watching our shows, and their smiles will, in turn, make us smile as well.
【KAITO】I hope we can become a troupe that connects the smiles of many people together like that as well.
【Miku】Huh? What're you talking about, KAITO? We already are a troupe that connects smiles together!
【KAITO】Huh?
【Miku】Every day, we perform happily together on stage, right?
【Miku】And when Tsukasa, Emu, Nene, and Rui come to watch or join us in our shows, they're always smiling too, no?
【Miku】And then when we see them smile, the plushies and myself will break out into huge grins too!
【Miku】See? A neverending loop of smiles♪
【KAITO】Haha, you're absolutely right. Thank you, Miku!
【KAITO】Well then! We'll have to keep this momentum going, and continue making great shows together!
【KAITO】So that this loop of smiles never stops going!
【Miku】Yes, let's do our best! Whoo!
[Sound] bgm00000
