【Shinonome Akito — Happy Birthday! 2025〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Shinonome Akito
Card: Happy Birthday! 2025（BD）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 011040_akito02

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【Miku】Do you all have your drinks?
【KAITO】Then, to Akito's happy birthday—
【Luka】A toast♪
【Everyone】Cheers!
【KAITO】Happy birthday, Akito! We all got together and made this five-stack of pancakes for you!
【Rin】Look at that! Each one is so soft and fluffy that the whole stack wobbles every time KAITO takes a step!
【Akito】That's some impressive volume... Not just the pancakes themselves, but all the whipped cream and fruit on top, too.
[Sound] se00585
【An】So you say, but I bet you're gonna demolish that whole stack on your own, easy.
【Akito】As if. What do you think I am, huh?
[Sound] se00314_b
【KAITO】Right, here you are. The special stack for the birthday boy! Eat up!
【KAITO】Here are yours, Toya. Extra fruit on top, easy on the whipped cream and with less sugar in the batter.
【Toya】Thank you very much. The fruits are arranged so beautifully, too.
【Kohane】And they're all even cut into decorative shapes, aren't they? Did you all work on these together?
【Miku】KAITO cut the fruit, but Luka showed me how to do the arranging. It was tricky, so I'm glad you like it.
【Luka】Isn't it so aesthetic? Look, I'm especially proud of this bit here♪
【Len】The two of us worked really hard, too! Aren't all these decorations in the cafe nice and sparkly?
【MEIKO】Hehe. Everyone worked so hard to make Akito happy.
【Akito】I see. Uh, well... You know. Thanks, guys.
【KAITO】You're welcome. Now, let's all dig in!
【Akito】Let's. Here goes.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Akito】Actually... Where did An get off to? MEIKO's been gone for a bit now too...
【An】Hey, Akito, can we have a sec? We've got something you'll want to see.
【Akito】Huh? What's with the showboating?
[Sound] se_walk_women_004_1
【An】Hmm? We'll see if you're singing the same tune once you see this.
【An】Ta-da! Does this cake look familiar?
[Sound] bgm00190
[Sound] se00314_b
【Akito】Is this...a cheesecake?
【Kohane】Wow, it looks delicious! Did you make this, An?
【An】I did! Well, MEIKO helped me...
【An】I made the sour cream from scratch, and getting the cream cheese to fold in without lumps was hard. I worked for this, you know?
【Akito】Sour cream from scratch... Hey, wait a minute.
【Akito】Is this... Ken's cheesecake?
【An】Ding ding ding! It's my Dad's recipe.
【Toya】I'm impressed, Akito. How did you know?
【Akito】It's just that I remember Ken saying his place's cheesecake uses handmade sour cream.
【Akito】I didn't think it could be, but...
【An】You've always loved Dad's cheesecake, right? That's why I asked him for the recipe and gave it a shot!
【MEIKO】We know that flavor means a lot to you, so An and I worked very hard to recreate it.
【An】But, you know... It'd be a bit boring to just let you have it.
【Akito】Huh?
【An】Let's sing for it. You versus me. If you win, you can have the whole thing all to yourself.
【Akito】Hey, wasn't the whole point of bugging Ken and MEIKO to help you with this for me to eat it?
【An】Huh, I don't recall ever saying that. Well, we don't have to, if you're scared you're going to lose.
【Akito】Yeah, very original.
【Akito】*Sigh* Alright, I'll bite. Explain your rules.
【An】The rules are simple. We both sing, and whoever gets the room more hyped is the winner. Sound fair?
【Akito】Alright, fine.
【Akito】Hey, you guys. You heard her, you're judging.
【Len】Wait, you're singing? Let us sing, too!
【Rin】Yeah! It's not fair that only you and An get to sing. And the winner gets the whole cheesecake, too?
【Akito】Hey, come on. If everyone gets involved, who's going to decide who the winner is?
【Luka】It'll be fine. We'll all be able to tell while we're singing anyway... And either way, I want to get in on this too♪
【MEIKO】I swear, Luka...
【KAITO】But it's more like a party if we all sing together, right? And I just so happen to have the perfect track.
【Miku】Hey, nice. Give us something with a good beat, okay? Kohane, Toya, are you two in?
【Toya】Yes, I would like to join. As his partner, I can't leave Akito to sing on his own.
【Toya】And... If I win, I can give Akito the cheesecake as a present.
【Kohane】Then sure, I'll sing too. The cake does look good...
【Kohane】But I also think that all of us singing together will feel even more like a celebration for Shinonome.
【Akito】I feel like you're all totally losing the plot here. Don't blame me if this ends up in chaos.
【Akito】Alright. Let's do this!
【Everyone】Yeah! Yes. Of course!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00030
【Akito】♪——! ♪——! ♪——!
【An】♪——! ♪————!
[Sound] bgm00000
【An】Mm, that really felt good!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Akito】So much for a birthday, huh? That was just what we do every day.
【Toya】But hey, I guess that's just like us.
【Kohane】And you looked like you were having fun the whole time.
【Rin】So, who won in the end?
【Luka】Hmm, I thought we'd be able to tell while we were singing... But I was having so much fun, I totally forgot about the contest♪
【MEIKO】See, what did I say? But it's true, it was hard to tell. Everyone's singing melded together as one.
【Akito】Well, that answers that, then. Go grab me a knife and enough plates for everyone.
【An】Oh, you're not planning to keep it all to yourself?
【Akito】Why would I do that? The contest's a wash anyway. And besides...
【Akito】It'd be a waste to hog a cake that looks this good.
【An】I got you. One sec!
[Sound] se_run_women_004_1
【Akito】Hey, be careful not to trip.
【Akito】(This cheesecake gets me thinking... These guys really are always looking out for me.)
【Akito】(After RAD BLAST, a lot of stuff has changed for all of us...)
【Akito】(But I get the feeling they'll always be here, just like this.)
[Sound] se_walk_women_004_1
【An】Akito! I got the plates and serving knife!
【Kohane】An, let me help you with that! We can split them up.
【Toya】Then I'll help MEIKO and the others get fresh drinks made for everyone. You must all be thirsty after all that singing.
【Akito】Yeah, thanks. I'll have the cake cut in a flash, so take the plates and pass 'em down.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000378
[Sound] bgm00241
【Tsukasa】Akito! Once again, happy birthday! Did you enjoy your birthday show?! We already have plans for a continuation, so why don't we present it on your next birthday?!
【Rui】Hehe. Excellent idea. I'll have to use every trick in my book to make sure Shinonome really enjoys himself.
【Emu】Wow, we're already working on a sequel?! Let's make it even more exciting and smiley for Akito, then☆
【Nene】This is the first I'm hearing about this... Anyway, Shinonome, I'm sure we'll be back to trouble you again, so thanks for always being so patient.
【Ena】Happy birthday. There's cheesecake in the fridge, so eat it when you get back. I bought it with Airi and the others from a trendy shop.
【Airi】Happy birthday, Akito! You should have seen how focused Ena was picking out a cake for you. Be sure to tell her later if you enjoyed it!
【Shizuku】Happy birthday! From what Ena says, you're throwing yourself into your studies and your music. I hope today you can relax and refresh yourself.
【Haruka】Proper rest is an important part of both studying and working out. These protein bars are specially formulated to provide BCAA, and should help reduce your fatigue. Please give them a try.
【Minori】W-Wow, even Haruka's presents are made for self-improvement... Meanwhile, Honami and I got you these colorful flying disc cookies!
【Honami】Hanasato and I weren't sure what you would like, but then we realized that these would be perfect for the three of us. I really hope you like them, Shinonome.
【Mafuyu】Happy birthday. I was wondering why Ena was putting so much research into cheesecake... But I see it was for her present to you.
【An】Happy birthday, Akito! We sang a bunch and ate a ton... Isn't that just how we roll? I was really happy to hear you liked the cheesecake!
【Kohane】Happy birthday, Shinonome! Today was so much fun. I'm glad we got to sing together. Thanks for everything you do!
【Toya】Happy birthday. I couldn't be happier to get to celebrate your birthday with so many people, both at school and in SEKAI. Remember, partner, I'm always here for you.
[Background Change] bg_c000401
【Akito】Thanks for going to all this trouble, guys.
【Akito】First at school, then in SEKAI, it's been one noisy day...
【Akito】Well, that's not too bad every once in a while.
【Akito】But, we can't afford to lose our edge.
【Akito】We'll take a short break, but once things have settled down, we're going right back to full speed ahead.
【Akito】So, I hope you'll stick around.
[Sound] bgm00000
