【Kiritani Haruka — Profile Story】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
scenarioId: self_haruka_2nd

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Haruka】Next, it's my turn.
【Haruka】I'd like to take this opportunity to once again thank you all for watching...
【Haruka】No matter how far, may this song of hope reach you!
【Haruka】I'm Haruka Kiritani from MORE MORE JUMP!
[Sound] se00089_b
【Haruka】As for my self-intro... What should I talk about?
【Haruka】I'm sure many of you are aware that I used to be a member of a group called ASRUN...
【Haruka】Unfortunately, something happened that prevented me from performing on stage... Which led to me retiring for a time.
【Haruka】However, I was able to return to being an idol with the help of the others from MORE MORE JUMP!
【Haruka】We've had to overcome quite a lot after deciding to go it alone instead of looking for an agency to sign with. There's definitely been a lot of trial and error...
【Haruka】But now, we get to interact with all of you through your comments, and at events in real life...
【Haruka】Looking back, I think we've had more fun moments than tough ones.
【Haruka】Our solo show in particular. I'm never going to forget the smiles I saw that day.
【Haruka】We've been appearing on TV and magazines a lot more recently because of all the support you've given us, but that has led to us doing fewer events in real life...
【Haruka】I really want to see you all more, so I hope you'll be looking forward to our future events!
【Haruka】Anyway, MORE MORE JUMP! is still just getting started, so we hope that you'll keep watching as we continue our journey.
【Haruka】Streams, shows, TV shoots... We're going to keep doing all those things.
【Haruka】We're going to keep spreading as much hope as we can to all of you, so we'll be looking forward to your continued support.
【Haruka】Hmm... That sounded a little too serious.
【Haruka】But that's how I really feel, and I'm glad I got this chance to tell all of you.
【Haruka】Hehe... Minori says, “We heard you loud and clear!”
【Haruka】Oh, and so many comments. Thank you all very much!
【Haruka】We're sorry about not being able to respond to all of them since they really fly by now...
【Haruka】But we always go through them afterwards, so please keep sending us your thoughts.
【Haruka】Anyway, thanks for listening! Next up is...
【Haruka】Your wait is over, everyone! Airi, take it away!
[Sound] bgm00000
