【Tenma Tsukasa — The Outcome Of My Choice〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: The Outcome Of My Choice（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Wonder Magical Showtime!
scenarioId: 013011_tsukasa01

[Background Change] bg_d001202
[Caption] Tenma Household - Living Room
【Tsukasa】Phew...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【Rui】This show is all about making everyone remember just what kind of park Phoenix Wonderland is.
【Rui】By including every troupe and all the staff, we'll be able to put on a performance unlike any other.
【Nene】Also, when do you plan on putting on this show...?
【Rui】Ah, I received a nice tip regarding that. It seems that Emu's brothers and their prospective partner will be inspecting the park at the beginning of next month on the last day of the Show Contest.
【Rui】I'd like this show to open then.
[Background Change] bg_d001202
【Tsukasa】So there's a real possibility of the Show Contest being cancelled...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000201
【Emu】*Gasp*! You're right! And we came out on top for this round! We did it, Nene!
【Nene】R-Really?! Are you sure?!
【Tsukasa】We did it!!
【Rui】We're still behind them in overall score, but victory is within our reach. Everything hinges on the final round of shows.
[Background Change] bg_d001202
【Tsukasa】We're right on the coattails of the Phoenix Stage in terms of points for the Show Contest too.
【Tsukasa】Our Halloween and Christmas shows have clearly shown that we've been getting better and better each time...!
【Tsukasa】Yes! This means we're more than capable of outdoing the Phoenix Stage...!
【Tsukasa】Is what I'd like to stand up and say...
【Tsukasa】...
【Tsukasa】This commercial was supposed to be my chance to finally show the world just how talented I am and how much I shine in the spotlight...
【Tsukasa】No, nevermind that! We're doing this for Emu and all those smiling faces that truly love Phoenix Wonderland!
【Tsukasa】(Saki included. This park helped create so many wonderful memories for us...)
【Tsukasa】(Emu's right. Phoenix Wonderland needs to stay that way.)
【Tsukasa】Alright...!
[Sound] se00031
【Saki】Hey, Tsukasa!
【Tsukasa】Hm? Oh, Saki. Yes, what is it?
【Saki】I'm about to fix up some ice cream for myself. Do you want some too?
【Tsukasa】Ah, excellent! That would be lovely!
【Saki】Okay! Oh, also... Is everything okay?
【Saki】When you left the house this morning, you seemed really excited and shouted that Project Something Something was about to start...
【Saki】But just now, you were clutching your head like something was really bothering you...
【Tsukasa】Oh, do you mean Project Wonder? That is all set and ready to go!
【Tsukasa】I can't wait for everything to get underway! Hah hah hah!
【Saki】That's only making me worry more... There's something going on, isn't there?
【Tsukasa】...
【Tsukasa】(Hmm... If I'm not careful here, she'll start feeling even more concerned...)
【Tsukasa】I assure you, it's nothing... Something unexpected came up is all.
【Saki】Are you in trouble or something?
【Tsukasa】It's that... Project Wonder is a top secret mission that I'm on and not exactly privy to telling you much more than this...
【Tsukasa】Think of it as having two treasure chests...
【Saki】Treasure chests?
【Tsukasa】Yes. Imagine that there are two treasure chests sitting right in front of you. You also happen to know that both contain unimaginable spoils.
【Tsukasa】In my current situation, I know exactly which chest I should choose...
【Tsukasa】I should choose it but...
【Tsukasa】The other one contains something that I've been seeking for such a long time and would not know what to do without it...
【Saki】I see...
【Tsukasa】But fear not. I dealt with this predicament and decided which to choose just now!
【Tsukasa】I won't be looking back as I open the chest that I should be opening!
【Saki】Hehe. That's great!
【Saki】Oh, about that ice cream I mentioned. Our choices are chocolate chip and vanilla. Which do you want, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Oh, let me think... Which are you getting, Saki?
【Saki】Whichever one you don't get!
【Tsukasa】Huh? But you should have the first pick, no?
【Saki】No! I'd rather have the one you don't want, Tsukasa♪
【Saki】Anyways, you better hurry or they'll both start melting...!
【Tsukasa】Saki...
【Tsukasa】Okay. Chocolate chip it is!
【Tsukasa】Also, why don't we just share them both?
【Saki】Huh? But...
【Tsukasa】Why not have them both together instead of separately?
【Tsukasa】(Our choice was clear from the start...)
【Tsukasa】(This treasure chest is bound to contain a way that'll help accomplish our immediate goals and make our dreams come true.)
【Tsukasa】(No, we will find a way!)
【Saki】Hehe. In that case, we're gonna need some bowls! I'll go get some!
【Tsukasa】Appreciate it, Saki!
[Sound] bgm00000
