【Hinomori Shiho — Recognizable Passion〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hinomori Shiho
Card: Recognizable Passion（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: First Star After the Rain
scenarioId: 004005_shiho02

[Background Change] bg_a001901
[Caption] Rehearsal Studio
【Ichika】♪——! ——!
[Sound] bgm00041
【Shiho】Stop.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shiho】Ichika, you're too fast. Pay closer attention to the sounds around you.
[Sound] bgm00020
【Ichika】Oh, I am? I'm sorry, I didn't notice at all.
【Shiho】It started about two bars before the hook. Be careful.
【Saki】Oh, that's the part I'm not too sure about, too...
【Shiho】I didn't notice anything about your performance just now, but—
【Saki】Ah, right! Don't play something without confidence, right? I'll make it work!
【Shiho】Good. Ichika, can you do it?
【Ichika】Um... Can we lower the tempo slightly for now? I want to know where I went wrong.
【Shiho】In that case, we should start from the top of the verse instead.
【Honami】All right. Let's go, then. One, two, three, four!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c000302
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Kamiyama Street
[Sound] se00104
【Honami】Ichika was having a really tough time before the chorus.
【Shiho】Yes. There's a key change there, and it was already a difficult chord to begin with.
【Shiho】But if she focuses too much on the sound, she may lose the momentum and sharpness she currently has.
【Shiho】Actually, I wanted to discuss that with you. Is there anything we can do instead?
【Honami】Yes. The rhythm section has to step up at times like these.
【Honami】I can try adjusting my method of drumming, if that will do.
【Honami】Or I can make each beat louder so she can hear better.
【Shiho】Yeah. It may be easier for Ichika to play her guitar if we change the way she listens to the other sounds.
【Honami】Hehe...
【Shiho】Huh? What is it?
【Honami】Nothing. It's just that you seem so happy.
【Honami】Anyway, you have to go to your part-time job now, right? Good luck and see you tomorrow.
【Shiho】Yeah. See you tomorrow.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_c001201
[Sound] bgm00030
[Caption] Live House
【Shiho】Clean up is done. Now to take stock of the equipment—
【Guitarist】Found you! Shiho!
【Shiho】Oh, hello. Long time no see. Do you need help with your performance today too?
【Guitarist】No, I'm just here to talk because the owner said you finally joined a band!
【Shiho】I didn't really join a band... More like I formed a band with four of my childhood friends.
【Guitarist】Childhood friends? Girls? Boys?
【Shiho】Huh? All girls, why?
【Guitarist】So a girl band like mine! I see... The lone wolf Shiho finally has a band to call home too, huh?
【Guitarist】Hehe. Your aura has changed somewhat recently too. And your performance.
【Shiho】What? I haven't change the way I perform, though.
【Guitarist】Really? Well, do you remember the time about a month ago when I asked you to help with our performance?
【Guitarist】Back then, it felt like you were trying to pull us together by using sheer technique and sharp playing to cover over our quirks and mistakes.
【Guitarist】But a short while ago, when you helped again, it felt more like you were trying to bring out the best in us by using your skills to enhance our deficiencies and quirks.
【Shiho】Oh...really?
【Guitarist】Yup. Wish we could have you in our band, but you wouldn't have found that style of performing with us, right?
【Guitarist】You have some great friends, Shiho.
【Shiho】Yes. We're not quite anything like an actual band yet, but it's really fun to play together with them.
【Guitarist】I agree! Nothing beats performing together with the people you can have the most fun with!
【Guitarist】By the way, do you already have a name for your band?
【Shiho】Yes. We adapted it from the Leonids meteor shower that we saw together a long time ago.
【Shiho】Leo/need. That's the name of our band.
[Sound] bgm00000
