【Kamishiro Rui — Brand New Style〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Brand New Style（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 016029_rui02

[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Empty Classroom
【Greening Committee Chairman】Alright, welcome to the first official meeting of this year's greening committee.
【Greening Committee Chairman】Aside from the new students, I'm seeing quite a few familiar faces here today...
【Rui】Yes. Many of the members from last year seem to be here, including myself.
【Second-Year Greening Committee Member A】I have this sort of attachment to the plants I've been taking care of. I feel like I should look after them until I graduate.
【Third-Year Greening Committee Member A】I get what you mean... And things have become a lot easier since you joined, Kamishiro.
【Second-Year Greening Committee Member B】Yeah, the flower beds aren't getting all messed up anymore thanks to you!
【Rui】I really don't feel as if I did anything special... But I appreciate your kind words.
【Third-Year Greening Committee Member B】Of course. Let's do our best again this year, Kamishiro!
【Rui】(This committee has changed so much.)
【Rui】(When I first joined, everyone's attitude toward me didn't exactly feel welcoming...)
【Rui】(But I'm grateful that they've grown to understand me now...)
【Rui】(Although...)
[Sound] bgm00000
【First-Year Greening Committee Members】Hey, isn't that him? He's one of the Weirdo Wombo Combo...
【First-Year Greening Committee Members】He flies drones and performs dangerous experiments at school, right? Why's he on the quiet and peaceful greening committee...?
【Rui】(Well, I can't blame them for feeling that way...)
【Greening Committee Chairman】... Kamishiro, I have a favor to ask you. Would you mind telling the new students about what we do?
【Rui】Huh? Me?
【Greening Committee Chairman】They probably don't know much about the flower beds, the farm, or other aspects of this committee yet, so I figured you could explain since you're the most well-informed.
【Rui】I see...
【First-Year Greening Committee Members】Y-You don't have to do that for us! We can learn as we go...
【Rui】Understood. It would be my pleasure to teach you all about the committee.
【Rui】Everyone, would you mind coming with me?
【First-Year Greening Committee Members】O-Okay...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a000201
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Courtyard
【First-Year Greening Committee Members】I can't believe we have to work with the person at the center of all those rumors...
【First-Year Greening Committee Members】My friend's big brother even warned me to avoid dealing with him no matter what...
【Rui】We're here. Listen up, everyone.
【First-Year Greening Committee Members】O-Okay!
【Rui】The greening committee is responsible for all of the flower beds you see here in the courtyard.
【Rui】Most of our duties involve tilling the dirt and planting new flowers, with a different person watering them each day.
【Rui】We actually just planted the seeds for those flowers over there a few months ago. It's good to see them finally sprouting.
【First-Year Greening Committee Members】Wow, you guys planted the seeds for these?
【Rui】Ah, please be careful when touching them. It's difficult to see, but we laid out a net in front of them.
【First-Year Greening Committee Members】Whoa, he's right...! I didn't notice at all. The mesh pattern almost makes it look like a spider web...
【First-Year Greening Committee Members】But what's its purpose...?
【Rui】This flower bed's been through quite a lot.
【Rui】The tennis and softball teams kept hitting balls this way, which led to many flowers getting crushed.
【Rui】I wanted to protect the flowers while not obstructing the view, so I ended up going with a design that would be difficult to see...
【First-Year Greening Committee Members】Wait, Kamishiro, you made this...?
【Rui】I did. I felt so bad for the poor flowers.
【First-Year Greening Committee Members】... The guy that conducts all those dangerous experiments feels bad for flowers...?
【Rui】Oh... This one appears to have wilted.
【First-Year Greening Committee Members】Oh, that one is definitely done for. It might be a good idea to pull it out so it doesn't steal nutrients from the other flowers...
【Rui】Actually...
【Rui】I'll move this flower to a separate planter for now and personally look after it.
【Rui】I'll return it once it has fully recovered. I bet it prefers to be with its friends...
【First-Year Greening Committee Members】Kamishiro...
【First-Year Greening Committee Members】... I'm gonna do my best for this committee.
【First-Year Greening Committee Members】Please teach us all you can!
【Rui】Of course. Please feel free to ask me any questions you have during these meetings or even outside of them.
[Sound] bgm00000
