【Kagamine Len — Excited For The Journey〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kagamine Len
Card: Excited For The Journey（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: The Warmth of a Guiding Hand
scenarioId: 023031_len02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Len】What brings you all here today, Airi?
【Miku】Oh, did you get another work offer, like the camping shoot you did recently?
【Airi】Hehe. Not quite that sort of news this time.
【Haruka】We brought back some souvenirs from that camping shoot, and now we're here to give them to you all.
【MEIKO】Souvenirs?
【Shizuku】Yes, here they are.
[Sound] se00055_b
【Len】Oh, aren't these hot spring manju? I remember you saying that they were really good.
【Rin】Woohoo! You remembered to bring some back!
【Shizuku】Of course. We were hoping that you'd all get a chance to try these.
【Minori】When we had them, we were really surprised, so I'm sure you guys—
【KAITO】Surprised?
【Minori】*Gasp*
【Airi】Minori...
【Minori】U-Uhh, I meant...! We were really surprised by how yummy these manju were!
【Minori】So, we want you all to try them as soon as possible. If you want... Ahaha...
【Len】In that case, let's have some now. I really wanna see what they taste like.
【Shizuku】Then, I'll start handing them out. Here you all are.
【Len】Thanks, Shizuku. Alright, now that we all have one...
【Len & Rin】Let's eat!
【Len】Oh...
【Len】There's two layers of bean paste...?!
【Rin】He's right! There's white bean paste on top and red bean paste on the bottom!
【Miku】But they're both delicious♪
【Airi】Hehe. Just the reactions we were hoping for.
【Haruka】We were also really surprised when we had them at the inn. Saito said that the filling was special in some way, but we weren't expecting two layers.
【Minori】I know, right?! I thought mine was the only one like that, and I'd drawn a lucky manju and won a prize!
【Airi】I've seen lucky popsicles, but I've never heard of a lucky manju.
【Shizuku】Hehe. We wanted to surprise you all the same way, so we decided to keep it a secret. We're glad to see that you like them so much.
【Airi】To be fair, Minori almost spilled the beans...
【Minori】*Sob* I-I'm really sorry!
【Len】(That explains why Minori panicked there for a second.)
【Len】Still, to think that even the gift you brought would be hiding a surprise like this. There was never a dull moment on your trip.
【Haruka】Never a dull moment, huh...? We did sort of end up doing a lot.
【Airi】Yeah. I mean, we chopped wood and had to start a fire in such an unexpected way during our shoot.
【Minori】I didn't think we'd ever get it to start... It's all my fault for having such terrible luck...
【Rin】But I thought you were really cool that time, Minori!
【Len】Yeah. You definitely made it clear that you were going to get that fire started no matter what.
【Len】We were rooting for you the entire time.
【Minori】You were?! Then, maybe you were the reason our fire finally started?!
【Len】Hehe. It's nice to think that we might have ended up helping.
【Luka】Also, this shoot sounds so fun since you all experienced things that you normally wouldn't. I'm somewhat curious now.
【Len】She's right. I know that we probably couldn't go camping in the wilderness... But I really wanna try doing something like that, even in SEKAI.
【Rin】Like what, for example?
【Len】Hmm... Well... For example, we could have another training camp.
【Miku】A training camp?
【Len】It wouldn't exactly be a vacation, but we'd still get to experience something new and different...
【Len】Also, we might notice some things this time round that we couldn't before.
【KAITO】Yes, Len may be right. Doing another training camp may be a good idea.
【Rin】I'm for it too! It sounds super fun♪
【MEIKO】Hehe. That means I'll need to come up with another training regimen that pushes us all to get fitter and stronger! I wonder what to include...
【Len】Oh, MEIKO, can I help you with that? I really wanna give it a try.
【MEIKO】Huh?
【Len】I've been wondering lately if there's any way for me to help everyone.
【Len】Plus, you need to have a strong core and build up muscles in order to put on good performances. Coming up with a training regimen seems like a good place to start.
【Len】So, how about it? Mind if I help out?
【MEIKO】In that case, you're more than welcome to join me. Let's come up with something that helps everyone grow even stronger, Len!
【Haruka】I think you're going to do a great job, Len.
【Airi】Yeah, we'll be looking forward to seeing what you come up with!
【Len】You got it. I'm gonna come up with something really amazing!
[Sound] bgm00000
