【Hatsune Miku — Yokohama? I Predict Good Food♪〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: Yokohama? I Predict Good Food♪（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: One Small Trip Before a Big Journey
scenarioId: 021034_miku01

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
[Sound] se00122_b
【Miku】(There's so many shops and places in this Yokohama guidebook Minori left for us.)
【Miku】Let's see, Minori said that she and her group are going to... Chinatown, was it?
[Sound] se00053_b
【Minori】Check this out, Miku! This steamed bun is shaped like a panda!
【Miku】It is! It's called a “panda bun”. That's so cute!
【Miku】And this castella looks so soft and yummy! I wonder what it tastes like.
【Minori】Oh, then I'll get some for you as a souvenir! We can all share!
【Miku】I hope she and her group get to eat all of the things they want.
【Miku】Oh, there's stuff about the Red Brick Center on this page.
【Miku】Haruka said that she and her group are going to go shopping there. I'm sure it'll be fun just looking around since there's so many shops.
[Sound] se00170_b
【Luka】What are you reading so intensely, Miku?
【Miku】Oh, Luka! Rin!
【Miku】I was reading through the Yokohama guidebook. Minori, Haruka and their classes will be going there for a field trip♪
【Rin】Wow! There's a huge red building and the sea!
【Miku】This place is called the Red Brick Center.
【Luka】Well it definitely lives up to its name, given the red bricks. Looks historical too.
【Miku】Apparently it used to be a warehouse for the harbor. Here, it says so in the guidebook.
【Rin】You're right! So, it has three floors, huh? It looks really big and has lots of shops!
【Miku】Yeah. Haruka said she wasn't even sure if they'll get to see everything.
【Miku】There's also Chinatown and the Ferris wheel too. Looks like there's a lot of fun places to go.
【Rin】I didn't know that! Hey, where's Minori going?
【Miku】She said Chinatown. Which page was it...
[Sound] se00122_b
【Luka】Isn't that where that magnificent gate is?
【Miku】Yeah, it is. Oh, here's the page!
【Rin】Wow! That is magnificent! And huge too! There's a lot of people taking photos in front of it.
【Miku】Yeah. But it looks like the food vendors are the selling point of this place.
[Sound] se00122_b
【Miku】Here, look at where Minori put her sticky notes.
【Rin】Whoa, that's amazing! There's so many food places!
【Miku】It seems like they stretch on and on once you go through the gate.
【Luka】Authentic dim sum, broiled sweet chestnuts, castella... Everything looks so yummy.
【Miku】Yeah. Apparently even the steamed buns taste different depending on the shop, which makes you just want to try all of them.
【Luka】What's this? Sounds like someone is quite the glutton.
【Miku】What?! G-Give me a break. Airi said the same thing...
【Rin & Luka】Haha. Hehe.
【Rin】I hope Minori and the others have lots of fun.
【Miku】Hehe, me too.
【Miku】(I told them to try to relax since they're always working so hard, but...)
【Miku】(Haruka and Minori will be changing to the credit-based course.)
【Miku】(Which means they won't get to be in the same class as their friends in the general education course...)
【Miku】(That's why I want them to enjoy the field trip with their friends as regular high school students.)
【Rin】Hey, Miku. Wanna look and decide what places we would want to see if we were going?
【Miku】That sounds like so much fun♪ Yeah, let's!
[Sound] bgm00000
