【Kagamine Len — Excited For The Journey〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kagamine Len
Card: Excited For The Journey（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: The Warmth of a Guiding Hand
scenarioId: 023031_len01

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Len】Where'd Rin get to? She said she wanted to come up with some stage effects together...
[Sound] se00172_b
【Minori】Heeey, Len!
【Len】Oh... Welcome back, everyone. Wait, what?
【Len】Rin, you guys. I didn't know you were with them.
【Rin】Sorry! They said they had something really important to tell us...
【Len】Something really important?
【Airi】That's right! Now that we're all here, let's tell them.
【Miku】This is so exciting. I can't wait to hear.
【Minori】Okay, we'd like to announce...
【Minori】That we're gonna be on TV!
【Len】Wow...! Another offer for TV! That's incredible!
【MEIKO】Yeah, things have going so well lately for you. How many shoots is this now?
【Luka】Yes, all the hard work you put in is really starting to pay dividends.
【Len】Yeah. It's great to see that you're finding so much success.
【Airi】Well, we still have room to do more! After all, our next goal is to do a show at the Butokan!
【Minori】Yeah, that's right! I hope this next program gets even more people interested in MORE MORE JUMP!
【Len】Sounds like you all have plenty of motivation.
【KAITO】But please be careful not to push yourselves too hard with such a busy schedule.
【Airi】Thanks, we will!
【Airi】However, we're going for a shoot and some R&R, so we should have plenty of time to relax.
【Len】A shoot and some R&R?
【Minori】Yup! We're gonna check in at a nearby inn the day before the shoot!
【Miku】Wow, that sounds so nice! What's the inn like?
【Haruka】It's called Ryusuiso. Just give me one second... Ah, this is it. Can you all see?
[Sound] se00183_b
【Rin】Oh my gosh! It has its own hot spring?!
【MEIKO】Oh, that sounds fantastic! Speaking of which, I remember hearing that inns with hot springs also usually have table tennis. Is that true for this inn...?
【Rin】What?! That sounds super fun! So you could all play against each other if you wanted?
【Len】It could be fun to break into pairs and have a doubles tournament.
【Len】Who do you think would be the best out of all of us?
【Luka】KAITO and Miku seem like they'd make a strong pair. They'd probably be unstoppable once they got on a roll.
【Miku】I have a feeling that you and MEIKO would stun us with some surprising moves, Luka!
【Len】I've got a pretty good feeling about Rin and me. Right, Rin?
【Rin】Yeah! We're not gonna let anyone beat us!
【Haruka】Hehe. Now we're all excited.
【Airi】I dunno if they have table tennis... But we'll let you all know when we get there.
【Len】Oh, are you sure?
【Shizuku】It shouldn't be a problem. We'd like for you to get the chance to enjoy the trip with us, especially since we're going to such a lovely place.
【Rin】Woohoo! I can't wait.
【Rin】Oh, hey! Since we're going on a trip together, we should grab some outfits for ourselves from the dressing room!
【Miku】I agree! That sounds really fun♪
【Miku】Oh, can you girls give us some advice on what we should wear?
【Airi】Sure thing! You're gonna look absolutely adorable once we're done♪
【Rin】Yay! Then, let's go!!
[Sound] se00172_b
【Len】Oh...
【KAITO】Hehe. There they go.
【Len】Yeah.
【Len】Still, I get why they're so excited. It's been a while since they last got to stay over somewhere together.
【Len】Plus, they've been so busy lately. I mean, they've been working so hard.
【Len】I hope this trip ends up being really refreshing for them.
[Sound] bgm00000
