【Kagamine Len — My Dancing Shoes!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kagamine Len
Card: My Dancing Shoes!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: The Sounds of a Summer Festival!
scenarioId: 023009_len01

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
[Sound] se00006
【Akito】Hey.
【MEIKO】Welcome, you two.
【KAITO】Hello. Len's been waiting for you.
【Len】Yeah, what took you so long? Let's get down to dancing!
【Akito】Okay, slow down. Before we get started, we have to choose a song and choreograph everything.
【Toya】That's actually why we came today.
【Toya】We may not be able to dance together during the event, but we would appreciate your help very much, Len...
【Len】You got it!
【Akito】You know we're just singing and dancing, right? You won't get a chance to be a DJ here.
【Len】I'm completely okay with that! I can just become the dancing DJ!
【Len】Also, you guys have all been getting better and better, so I thought that I should try new things and get really really good too!
【Akito】Really really good?
【Len】Yeah! Really really good!
【KAITO】Haha. I don't see why not. It's good to take on new challenges.
【KAITO】You never know what might come in handy down the road.
【Toya】I agree. Even that work we did as extras the other day taught us quite a lot.
【KAITO】Yes, that exactly! Life is all about taking the time to stop and smell the flowers.
【MEIKO】Well, in your case, KAITO, that's all you sort of do...
【KAITO】That's not fair! I just believe that people should try new things and see new sights, including myself!
【KAITO】Which is why you should do the same, Len!
【Len】Yeah, I wanna do that too! But maybe not quite like you, KAITO...
【KAITO】What? You're on her side, Len?!
【Len & MEIKO】Haha. Hehe.
【Akito】But since we're in this together, why not set some goals for yourself while you're at it?
【Len】My own goals...?
【Toya】Yes. For example, our goal for the moment is to perform in the Summer Festival.
【Len】Right...
【Len】Oh, I know...! I can try performing for MEIKO and KAITO!
【Len】Also, Akito, Toya! I know I can't be in the Summer Festival, but can we try coming up with a three-person version too?
【Akito】A three-person version?
【Len】Yeah! We can use the same song but change the dance around a little to add me. It'd be okay as long as it doesn't end up being more work, right?
【Len】Then it'd sort of feel like I was in your event too!
【Toya】I see.
【Toya】I suppose it should be okay since it likely won't interfere with us practicing for the Summer Festival.
【Akito】Yeah, why not? Again, we're in this together, right?
【Len】Yay! Then it's settled!
【Len】Oh, also! I'd like it if An and Kohane could come and watch!
【Toya】We'll have to ask when Shiraishi is free next, then.
【Akito】And Kohane should be back from the Seaside School by the time the Summer Festival is over, so we can ask her then.
【Len】Thanks, you guys!
【Len】Hehe. Okay! I need to do my best during dance practice!
[Sound] bgm00000
