【Azusawa Kohane — Tiny Timid Creature〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: Tiny Timid Creature（1★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 009001_kohane01

[Background Change] bg_a002201
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard
【Minori】Kohane, are you free this weekend?
【Kohane】This weekend? Um, I am meeting with someone from another school on Saturday, but I'm free on Sunday.
【Minori】Really?! Then do you wanna go to Phoenix Wonderland together on Sunday?
【Kohane】Really?!
【Minori】My mom received a pair of tickets from a friend, you see! So she asked me to go enjoy myself with another friend.
【Minori】Oh, I'm sorry, maybe you don't like theme parks?
【Kohane】What? N-Not at all! I like theme parks, and PXL... I mean, Phoenix Wonderland is a place that I really love to visit!
【Kohane】It always feels so homey. Going there cheers me up.
【Kohane】They've added some new attractions recently, but the nostalgic mood hasn't gone away.
【Kohane】They have a lot of fun and playful areas to go to besides the attractions too. And all the cast members of the park are super nice, too!
【Kohane】Also, if you go during your birthday, they have a special...
【Kohane】Oh! I-I'm sorry. I must be talking too much...
【Minori】Hehe, I've never seen you talk so fast before, Kohane!
【Minori】You really love that theme park, don't you?
【Kohane】Y-Yes. But it's a little childish, huh?
【Minori】No way! I love visiting the place too, and I'm pretty sure plenty of grown-ups do as well!
【Kohane】Thank you, Minori.
【Minori】If we're going, we should definitely try out all the different attractions they have available!
【Kohane】In that case, i-if you'd like, I can come up with a route for that day?
【Kohane】Dad and I often visit the park together, so I know of a few shortcuts...
【Minori】Wow! Looks like I've found the most reliable companion for this! Yes, please!
【Kohane】Okay. I'll try to think of something nice. Oh, but... Are you really sure you want to go with me?
【Minori】Huh? Why not?
【Kohane】Well, you mentioned that you've finally been able to talk to Kiritani lately, and she's your idol, right?
【Kohane】Wouldn't it be better to invite her instead?
【Minori】Oh, that?
【Minori】The thing is, when Mom gave me the tickets, I immediately thought of you!
【Kohane】Huh? M-Me?
【Minori】Yup! That's why I wanted to invite you!
【Minori】Besides, you were the first friend I made in high school!
【Kohane】!!
【Minori】I'd love to go with Haruka one day, too...
【Minori】But I've already decided that you're the one I wanted to invite first this time!
【Kohane】Minori...
【Kohane】Y-You were also the first friend I made in high school...
【Kohane】So I'm really happy that you asked me to join you!
【Minori】Really?!
【Kohane】Yes!
【Minori】Sunday just can't come soon enough!
【Minori】By the way, are there any attractions that we absolutely shouldn't miss in this park?
【Kohane】Well, it's not really an attraction, but we should definitely visit the recently revived Wonder Stage.
【Minori】Wonder Stage?
【Kohane】Yes! Oh, it may take a while for me to explain...
【Minori】Sure! We still have lots of time before lunch is over.
【Minori】So what sort of performances are being shown there? You know, on that...err, wonder place?
【Kohane】Yes. The Wonder Stage!
【Kohane】The actors there are high school students like us! They come up with the stage productions and effects themselves, and...
[Sound] bgm00000
