【Hatsune Miku — Wonderland SEKAI〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: Wonderland SEKAI（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 021005_miku01

[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Rui】This is such a marvelous place.
【Rui】The flowers sing, a steam train flies above, it's all like a giant stage.
【Tsukasa】...
【Rui】Is something amiss, Tsukasa? You don't seem too pleased.
【Tsukasa】When I asked you for inspiration for our next show on the rooftop a moment ago...
【Tsukasa】I didn't mean THIS! What did you drag me here for again?!
【Rui】Oh. Are you not excited to be here?
【Tsukasa】Have I ever been excited about this place?!
【Tsukasa】Every time we come here, we end up as Miku's pawns. I don't want to discuss our shows here, I want to get out before we get caught up in some silliness again!
【Rui】I see... In that case we should go and find Miku at once.
【Tsukasa】What, why?! Did you not hear what I said?!
【Rui】I did, and it seems to me that getting caught up in some silliness is precisely what we need.
【Rui】It's an excellent way to find inspiration.
【Rui】Besides, isn't Miku like Emu in some ways? Meeting her is sure to inject you with positive energy.
【Tsukasa】Positive energy? If anything, she DRAINS me of energy with all the incongruous stuff she says!
【Rui】Haha, well, that's unfortunate.
【Miku】Very unfortunate, yes!
【Tsukasa】That's no concern to you, is it, Rui? Why is it always me suffering because of Emu's or Miku's antics...?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Hold on...
【Miku】Hmm?
【Tsukasa】Aaargh! She's already here!
[Sound] bgm00003
【Miku】Eek!
【Tsukasa】Y-You sneaked up on me!
【Miku】No, I didn't! I saw you from over there and you seemed to be having fun, so I ran right over!
【Miku】It's been a long time since I last saw you! How have you been?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】Very well, thank you. As for Tsukasa, you can see for yourself.
【Tsukasa】M-My heart's going to give out if you keep this up...
[Sound] bgm_area00004
【Miku】It's good to see you two are well! Is there any specific reason you came here today, or did you just want to hang out?
【Tsukasa】I wouldn't come here just to hang out! We're here on a quest for inspiration.
【Miku】Inspiration for...?
【Rui】Our next show. Maybe you could tell us what sort of performances you normally do, and we could use that as a starting point?
【Miku】Hmm, what could I describe as our usual repertoire... The other day we did magic tricks in our show!
【Tsukasa】Oh, that's a good one.
【Miku】It was a huge hit! KAITO climbed into a box and I stabbed it with swords!
【Miku】I had five swords, and was supposed to only use three, but I decided to just use all of them! That made KAITO panic for a moment there!
【Tsukasa】?!
【Miku】He's really good at acting! His screams were SO REAL! I was very impressed.
【Rui】Hehe, that must have been a very thrilling show.
【Tsukasa】I-Is KAITO okay?! He's not...you know...is he?!
【Miku】Oh, he's perfectly fine.
【Tsukasa】Th-Thank goodness...
【Miku】We've also done a show about heroes defeating villains, and one with flying!
【Miku】Our concept for the next one is swimming with dolphins. I've already got KAITO working on it!
【Tsukasa】Heroes, flying, swimming... That's totally random.
【Rui】Thank you so much, Miku. It was very informative.
【Rui】Your shows can be summed up in one word. Unconventional.
【Rui】We have much to learn from you.
【Tsukasa】Er... I think we could've done without Miku's wisdom.
【Tsukasa】But maybe you did point us in the right direction. We should let our imagination spread its wings without worrying about conventions.
【Miku】Hehehe! So I helped?
【Tsukasa】You did!
【Miku】Yay!
【Miku】You can always come and watch our shows, you know! You're welcome anytime♪
[Sound] bgm00000
