【Megurine Luka — Here Comes The Free Spirit!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Megurine Luka
Card: Here Comes The Free Spirit!（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Same Dreams, Same Colors
scenarioId: 024015_luka02

[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【Luka】Wow, that was so much fun!
【MEIKO】Hehe. It's been a while since I sang that much too. Hm? Where are Rin and Len...?
【Rin & Len】Zzz... Zzz...
【Miku】Fast asleep. I guess they're all tuckered out.
【MEIKO】Oh, these two... KAITO, there should be a blanket towards the back of that shelf. Mind fetching it for me?
【KAITO】Yes, of course. The back... Let's see... Aha, here it is!
【MEIKO】Thank you. There we go, you two...
[Sound] se00055
【Rin】Mhm... Zzz...
【Len】No, I can't eat anymore...
【Luka】Hehe. Sounds like a lovely dream.
【MEIKO】Yes, it does. Why don't we also take a little break? How does some coffee sound?
【Miku】Oh, I'd like a cafe au lait today. With some cinnamon if you don't mind.
【Luka】I feel like a soy latte today.
【MEIKO】Sure, coming right up.
[Sound] se00059
【MEIKO】Okay, Miku, here's your cafe au lait. KAITO, here's your espresso latte, and a peanut soy latte for you, Luka.
【Luka】Thanks! Oh, that smells wonderful♪
【MEIKO】Luka, keep it down. Rin and Len are still sleeping.
【Luka】Okay.
【Luka】Still, I'm so glad that Toya and the others were able to enjoy themselves.
【Miku】Not only that, wasn't seeing a real forest originally your idea, Luka?
【Luka】Sure, but all I did was make a small suggestion.
【Luka】And this trip turned out to be full of firsts for Toya, so my hope is that he'll be able to fondly look back on everything he experienced...
【Miku】Oh? Are you sure that this was all about Toya?
【MEIKO】Yeah, because I remember seeing a certain someone really cut loose and go all out.
【Luka】All I was trying to do was lead by example. Honest♪
【KAITO】But I know what you mean. Whenever I'm teaching Rin and Len something, I try to make it a fun learning experience.
【Miku】I suppose that if everybody else is having fun, it's hard not to go along with them.
【MEIKO】Hehe. Very true. Maybe we should've gotten more into it.
【Luka】Maybe♪ Hehe...
【Miku】Hm? Is something the matter, Luka?
【Luka】Oh, thinking about Toya and the others just made me realize something...
【KAITO】Realize what?
【Luka】You know how they're very impressionable and can change quite a bit after meeting someone or doing something?
【Luka】What if they sort of took that to heart and began looking for ways to grow on their own...?
【Luka】Imagine how fun it would be to see that happen!
【KAITO】Yes, it certainly would be. Like seeing your own student blaze their own trail.
【Luka】Exactly! It's never a dull moment with them!
【Luka】I can see why you guys kept such a close eye on them, Miku...
【Miku】Hehe. Right?
【MEIKO】That means a lot coming from you, Luka, since you're always wandering around looking for something more fun to do.
【Luka】Haha! True. I just seem to be naturally drawn towards things or places that pique my interest.
【Luka】But I have a feeling that I'll never get bored of them...
【MEIKO】So do I. There's just something about them that makes you want to see what happens next, you know?
【Luka】Yeah, that! I mean, even KAITO seems really interested in them!
【KAITO】Wh-What do you mean by that?!
【Miku】Hehe.
【MEIKO】You're still free to go wherever you please, Luka, and I don't want to make you feel tied down...
【MEIKO】But would you like to stay with us awhile and see what happens to them?
【Miku】I'd like it if you stayed as well, Luka.
【Luka】See what happens?
【Luka】Sure, why not? I think I'll stick around for a bit!
[Sound] bgm00000
