【Tenma Saki — Lesson From A Future Star〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: Lesson From A Future Star（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: That day, the Sky was Far Away
scenarioId: 002016_saki01

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Luka】Welcome, everyone.
【Saki】Hi! We're all ready to practice today!
【Rin】Hm? You sound really excited, Sakki!
【Saki】Oh, can you tell? So...
【Miku】That's great. Your friends are really coming to see your show?
【Rin】Yeah! That explains why you sound so fired up♪
【Saki】Because I totally am!
【Honami】We've been able to sell tickets without much issue either, which leaves us plenty of time to practice.
【Ichika】Right. We'll be able to focus on making this upcoming performance our best one yet.
【Saki】Yeah! Let's practice a ton and make this the best show ever!
【Miku】That's wonderful. I'll be looking forward to that.
【Shiho】...
【Luka】Shiho...?
【Saki】Huh? What's wrong?
【Shiho】I hate to rain on your parade like this, but I feel like I need to say this...
【Shiho】It's good to see that you're all motivated, and I have nothing against that...
【Shiho】But it's not good to do anything special just because our friends are coming to see us.
【Saki】Anything special?
【Shiho】Like pulling all-nighters to practice or trying to throw in a riff you've never done before.
【Saki】We'll be fine! We promise not to push ourselves like that.
【Saki】Plus, we're not just playing for Haruka and the others. We have a whole crowd to please!
【Saki】We should play in a way that makes it so they can all have fun!
【Ichika】I agree.
【Shiho】Okay, as long as you all understand.
【Saki】Hehe.
【Saki】That actually reminds me of something Tsukasa said. “Each performance is its own test.”
【Luka】Oh, that's right. Your brother performs shows for a troupe, yes?
【Saki】Yup! I think it was something his hero said during an interview this one time...
【Saki】“We may've done countless showings already, but this may be the first and only chance for some members of the audience to see us.”
【Saki】“That's why I believe each show is its own test!”
【Miku】Were you trying to imitate your brother just now?
【Saki】Yeah♪ Pretty good, right?
【Ichika】Hmm... It's close, I think...?
【Honami】Hehe. You've captured his mannerisms rather nicely.
【Rin】That's really interesting. I didn't know your brother was like that, Sakki♪
【Shiho】He's much louder than that.
【Luka】Louder?
【Shiho】Yes. He's pretty... No, very obnoxious.
【Honami】Sh-Shiho...!
【Miku】However, I think being able to take each performance so seriously is incredibly important.
【Miku】Especially when you're at a time when you're still trying to get your audience to remember who you are.
【Shiho】I agree.
【Shiho】By leaving a bad first impression on them, we'd have to fight tooth and nail to reverse that.
【Shiho】Which also means that we need to put on performances that people want to hear.
【Saki】Yeah!
【Saki】This is awesome! I feel even more fired up than before!
【Ichika】Same. Why don't we get ready to start?
【Honami】Okay! Luka, I'll be borrowing the drums again.
【Luka】Be my guest. I'll help you set them up.
[Sound] se00170
【Miku】You still need to get tuned up, right, Ichika? Mind if I join you?
【Ichika】Sure. Actually, Miku, there's this part that I've been meaning to ask you about...
[Sound] se00170
【Rin】Sakki! We can set up our stuff together♪
【Saki】Yeah! Oh, before that...
【Saki】Shiho♪
【Shiho】Hm?
【Saki】Thanks for making sure that we won't push ourselves too hard just now.
【Saki】We promise not to, so you have nothing to worry about♪
【Shiho】Okay, thanks.
[Sound] bgm00000
