【KAITO — Idol Fan In SEKAI〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: KAITO
Card: Idol Fan In SEKAI（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Start Rolling! Stars' Crossing
scenarioId: 026050_kaito02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_4
【Miku】Hi, KAITO.
【Rin】You seem to be in a cheerful mood♪ Did something good happen?
【KAITO】Something good... More specifically, I'd say it was something fun.
【KAITO】I actually just had a chance to take a peek at what was going on with the grand prix.
【MEIKO】Oh, I was wondering where you'd gone. You went to take another look?
【Len】The grand prix's been all you can think about since it started, huh?
【KAITO】Of course! It's a hugely important event for idol fans.
【KAITO】Plus, Minori and the others were doing their best again today by doing another stream for their channel.
【KAITO】They showed everybody what the Lumina Forum has to offer, and their fans seemed very excited.
【KAITO】They even managed to attract a lot of new viewers. I think it's because of the talk show from the other day!
【Luka】The one for Lumina Time, yes?
【Luka】Minori did a wonderful job of expressing herself, but so did the others. It ended up being a very good show.
【Len】Yeah, the other idols also have really strong beliefs.
【Miku】I actually started tearing up a little when I saw Minori trying so hard to explain her own...
【Rin】Oh, yeah! Me too!
【Len】But you didn't just tear up, Rin. You bawled your eyes out, if I recall.
【MEIKO】I was so delighted when they began to understand each other's beliefs.
【KAITO】Getting to see idols exchange their thoughts in such a way may be a unique feature of this program.
【KAITO】Idols are charming in many ways. Some are cute, some are cool and they know how to put on fun shows...
【KAITO】But that moment reminded me of why they're able to excite me so much.
【MEIKO】Yes, me too.
【Len】Plus, we got to see the girls establish fun rivalries with some really great idols.
【Len】Now I really can't take my eyes off of this grand prix.
【Miku】I'm looking forward to seeing what the next Lumina Time involves! What do you think they're going to have everyone do?
【Rin】Hmm... It's a show about idols, so something involving singing and dancing?
【MEIKO】Every group is going to have different strengths, so they'll want to take advantage of any Lumina Time that covers their areas of expertise.
【Luka】For live performances, I feel that everybody's attention is going to be focused on ReLight.
【Miku】Don't forget about Cheerful * Days. They were so amazing in that video I saw of them!
【Rin】For variety stuff, I bet Hikarin would steal the show! The way she talks is gonna allow her to suck more people into her universe♪
【Len】Hehe. I also wanna see that. But we can't rule out some other idol stealing the spotlight.
【Rin】Good point...! A lot of them still probably haven't shown their full power yet...!
【Miku】Yes, but...
【Miku】Our girls are more than ready for them!
【MEIKO】Of course they are. We know that better than anyone.
【Rin】That means, to make sure they get to shine like crazy, we gotta give them all the support we can!
【Everyone】Yeah! Yes.
【KAITO】This makes me really happy.
【Miku】Huh? What makes you say that all of a sudden?
【KAITO】Well, you all seem to have a better understanding of why this grand prix has me so excited.
【KAITO】You're starting to show interest in what the other groups can do, and making predictions about what's going to happen moving forward.
【Luka】Hehe. Now I see.
【MEIKO】That's true. I have a better understanding of where all your enthusiasm is coming from, KAITO.
【Miku】Please let me know the next time you're thinking about going over to see them!
【Rin】Me too! I don't wanna miss out on anything good♪
【KAITO】Sure. We can watch over them together.
【KAITO】I honestly can't wait to see what this grand prix has in store for us...!
[Sound] bgm00000
