【KAITO — The Feelings I've Watched Over〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: KAITO
Card: The Feelings I've Watched Over（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: With Your Sights on Stardom, Set Sail!
scenarioId: 026037_kaito02

[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Tsukasa】I think we covered everything we were hoping to regarding those improv skits we did today.
【Nene】Yeah, I think so too.
【Tsukasa】Alright, then let's take everything we just discussed and try applying it to a different prompt!
【Emu】Okay!
【Luka】You're all working so hard.
【MEIKO】I still can't believe you're having practice here after spending the day with Shunmeiza... You all must be extra motivated today.
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_1
【KAITO】Hello, everyone.
【Len】Oh, KAITO! Are you done setting up those devices for the show?!
【KAITO】Yes, they're all ready to go now.
【Tsukasa】That's excellent news. If you have time, would you mind watching us for a bit?
【Nene】We're about to do an improv skit, and we'd like to hear what you think too, KAITO.
【KAITO】I don't mind... But have you checked the time? It's getting pretty late.
【Emu】Huh?
【Emu】Oh no! He's right! I didn't notice at all!
【KAITO】Haha. It just means you were that focused on practicing.
【Tsukasa】Hmm... We just figured out what we need to work on, so it would be nice to immediately put what we learned into practice...
【Tsukasa】But we may want to call it a day since practice tomorrow starts very early.
【Rui】I agree. It would be self-defeating if we let it get in the way of our practices with Shunmeiza.
【Tsukasa】Then, we'll stop here for today! Let's all do our best during practice tomorrow to apply what we learned!
【Emu】Okay!
【Nene】Thank you for watching us practice. We'll see you later.
【Rin】Good luck with practice tomorrow☆
【Miku】Bye bye☆
【KAITO】They seem to be making the most of their practices with Shunmeiza.
【MEIKO】They've apparently also been practicing like this at home.
【Len】Yeah, we only occasionally get to see what they're doing, but they always seem super serious! Which I think is really cool!
【Miku】Hehe. It's great to see that they're still doing their best even after leaving Phoenix Wonderland☆
【KAITO】Yes, their work ethic is admirable.
【KAITO】And they've grown so much since we first met them...
【MEIKO】Hehe. You and Miku have known them the longest, KAITO.
【KAITO】Yes. When they first came to SEKAI, they didn't get along at all and even got into a few arguments...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Background Change] bg_d000501
【KAITO】But they've overcome so much together.
【Miku】Yeah, they have☆ They started doing shows together, and they saved the Wonder Stage!
【Len】And they got the whole park to help with the night show! I still really love what they did.
【Rin】Me too☆ And we got to be a part of it! That was super fun♪
【Luka】Hehe. Then they started doing lots of different shows outside of Phoenix Wonderland.
【MEIKO】Yes, they performed at all those venues! They did have to face a few tough situations along the way...
【MEIKO】But nothing's stopped them from moving forward!
【KAITO】Right. And now...
【KAITO】They're all chasing after their dreams together.
【KAITO】They found a way to stay on the same path.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_d002501
[Background Change] bg_d000501
【KAITO】Which may've caused that new area in SEKAI to appear.
【Luka】Hehe. And it's such a lovely place. The harbor's full of plushies, and there's a big ship...
【MEIKO】Plus, they were so determined to sail to Star Island on that ship!
【KAITO】Right. All in all, this place suits them perfectly because they're all chasing after their dreams together.
【KAITO】And I have to think nothing is going to stop them...
【KAITO】So, to ensure that they're able to cross that sea and make their dreams a reality...
【KAITO】Let's keep giving them all the support we can!
【Everyone】Yeah! Yes!
[Sound] bgm00000
