【Kiritani Haruka — Present For You!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Present For You!（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: MORE MORE Making Christmas
scenarioId: 006014_haruka02

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
[Sound] se00018
【Haruka】Hello... Oh, Airi, are you the only one up here?
【Airi】Yeah, Shizuku's on classroom duty today, so she's gonna be running a little late.
【Haruka】I see. Oh, it's Minori turn to take care of the animals today, so she'll be running late too.
【Airi】Anyway, let's start with some stretches...
[Sound] se00018
【Shizuku】Sorry for being late.
【Airi】Hey, Shizuku. You're earlier than expected.
【Shizuku】Luckily, all I had to do was write my entry in the class log and take it to the teachers.
【Airi】Alright, that just leaves Minori. We can stretch while we wait for her.
【Haruka】Okay.
【Haruka】Oh, mind if I ask you two something while we stretch?
【Shizuku】Yes, Haruka?
【Haruka】Why don't we look back upon our event a little during our next stream's talk segment?
【Haruka】I'm sure many of our viewers weren't able to join us and would very much like to know what happened.
【Airi】Nice idea! That'd be perfect since we built this event from the ground up with our fans.
【Shizuku】Yes, it'd also be nice to thank them along with everyone else who came to see us.
【Airi】Honestly, I'm so glad it ended up being a success.
【Haruka】Hehe. We definitely had some tense moments leading up to it.
【Shizuku】Yes, the day of the event didn't exactly go as planned, but it became really fun after we found a place of understanding...
【Haruka】Yeah, also...
【Haruka】It was so nice to see how everyone who volunteered to become staff genuinely wanted to see our event succeed.
【Airi】I know, right? That was really what kept us together...
【Shizuku】Ultimately, our event had a cozy, homemade feel to it, which I really liked.
【Airi】Yeah, I totally agree! I'm not sure if it was because of that, but everyone seemed to be all warmed up by the time we started the talk portion.
【Airi】And after that, the whole place went crazy during the mini-concert! It's like everything fell into place perfectly!
【Haruka】Yeah, I guess that's what people call “synergy”...? Anyway, things really did fall into place nicely.
【Shizuku】Hehe. This event might not have been possible if Minori didn't suggest so strongly that we try to make it happen.
【Haruka】Yeah...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a000801
【Minori】Putting on that event we just did really taught me that I still don't have enough knowledge or experience yet when it comes to these things.
【Minori】I see now that what I sometimes think of as being good can be not so great for our fans. I wasn't able to see things from a different perspective before...
[Background Change] bg_a000801
【Haruka】Minori mentioned how she wished she put more thought into her actions...
【Haruka】But at the same time, I believe she's the reason we were able to work with our fans and make this event possible.
【Airi】If Minori learns how to couple her ideas with some risk management, I have a feeling that she'll start growing by leaps and bounds.
【Shizuku】Hehe. And we'll have to learn more about seeing things from our fans' perspective from her.
【Airi】Yeah, she's definitely the best person here to teach us how.
[Sound] se00018
【Minori】Sorry for being so late!
【Airi】Oh, there's our teacher!
【Shizuku】Hehe. I'm sure you're tired from committee work, Ms. Minori.
【Minori】Huh? M-Ms. Minori?!
【Haruka】Hehe. It's not good to tease a teacher like that, you two.
【Minori】Y-You too, Haruka?! Why am I a teacher now?
【Haruka】Hehe. That's because...
【Minori】Because what? Stop laughing and tell me already, you guys!
[Sound] bgm00000
