【Unit Event — Backlight, Lens Flare — Episode4 A Step Ahead】

Event: Backlight, Lens Flare
Event Type: marathon
Episode: Episode4 — A Step Ahead
Event Outline: Wonderlands×Showtime's next step is to appear as extras in a film! Each of them is enthusiastic about this opportunity to work their magic on camera, and Rui is particularly eager to learn about a different type of directing. However, not everything goes smoothly...
scenarioId: event_119_04

[Background Change] bg_a005401
[Caption] Rental Room in Tokyo
【Crew Member】Alright, let's take a break here!
【Crew Member】We'll resume with Scene 32 at five sharp, so please be sure to return by them!
【Rui】(Finally, a break. That took about two hours longer than expected, but the fact we get to take one at all is a good sign.)
【Rui】(The scene we just shot involved simply shopping for a few things, but it the choice of effects changed the impression it gave dramatically.)
【Rui】(The supermarket was dim and gloomy in early scenes, but they turned on every light for this scene to illuminate the entire set.)
【Rui】(Doing so, shows how Katsuyuki has changed since meeting Hajime. He's filled with much more optimism now.)
【Rui】(I have to credit Mr. Ohara... It's a marvelous way to present changes in a character's emotional state.)
【Rui】(I want to keep learning these sorts of techniques while I can, but...)
[Sound] se_walk_men_002_1
[Sound] bgm00000
【Ohara】Ah, Kamishiro, it's you. Do you have a minute?
【Rui】Oh, Mr. Ohara... How can I help you?
【Ohara】You said you wanted to learn more about being a director, right?
【Ohara】If that's the case, why don't you take a look at what we just shot?
【Rui】What...?
【Rui】Yes, I'd be honored.
【Ohara】...and that's the footage we just got.
【Rui】I see...
【Rui】This may not sound all that profound, but seeing a set through the camera is very different from what you see with the naked eye.
[Sound] bgm00173
【Rui】The changing camera angles between different shots must have something to do with that.
【Ohara】Ah, your intuition is spot on.
【Ohara】There are a myriad of differences between film and theatre, but I believe the way we make use of perspective sticks out.
【Rui】Perspective...?
【Ohara】With theatre, the audience can only view the stage from a single direction. You essentially only have one camera.
【Ohara】However, that's not the case with film. You can use as many cameras as you like to present a space from multiple angles.
【Ohara】What do you think are the benefits of that?
【Rui】It gives you the ability to control the viewer's perspective...?
【Ohara】Exactly. You're limited to one camera for theatre, but film makes it easy to change how the viewer perceives what's happening.
【Ohara】The scenes we shot today are a good example of that. Depending on how bright the screen is or how many shots we use, you can get the characters in the same scene to give off very different impressions.
【Rui】Yes, I see...
【Ohara】To be fair, it's difficult to produce the sort of power you get with a live performance as you do with theater...
【Ohara】But film is interesting because you can move your audience by controlling their perspective.
【Ohara】Unfortunately, since most of your work involves the stage, it might be hard to put any of what I'm saying into practice.
【Rui】No.
【Rui】If anything, I'd like to learn more of these sorts of techniques.
【Ohara】What?
【Rui】My dream is to put on a show that transcends borders. One that everyone can enjoy.
【Rui】And in order to make that dream come true, I need to learn as much as can about directing, no matter the medium.
【Ohara】Interesting...
【Rui】Which is why I want to learn about as many different ideas, techniques and thought processes as possible.
【Rui】Please teach me everything you know.
【Ohara】Hah! Everything, huh?
【Rui】...
【Ohara】Well, that's the energy you'll need if you're serious about this.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Ohara】I'd begun to doubt the resolve of kids like you since so many I've come across end up being spineless. But you're not like them.
【Ohara】So, I'll take your word and teach you everything I can. Out of respect for that ambition.
【Rui】...!
【Ohara】Starting tomorrow, you'll be working as my assistant. Just be warned that I'm going to be even harder on you compared to before.
【Rui】Thank you very much. I promise to do my absolute best.
[Sound] bgm00006
[Background Change] bg_a000000
【Rin】(I just came to take a quick peek...)
【Rin】(But it looks like Rui and the director are getting along really well now!)
【Rin】(Things seem to be going so great! I've gotta come back again tomorrow to give everyone whatever support I can♪)
[Sound] bgm00000
