【Kiritani Haruka — Bubbly Blue〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Bubbly Blue（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Time to RE:START!
scenarioId: 006006_haruka02

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
[Sound] se00045
【Haruka】Sorry I took so long, everyone...
【Haruka】Huh? You're the only one here, Airi?
【Airi】Shizuku said she'll be late because she has cleanup committee stuff to do. What about Minori?
【Haruka】She'll be late because of an animal caretaker committee meeting.
【Airi】Ah, okay. Then how about we start with some stretches then?
【Haruka】Okay.
【Airi】One, two, three, four... Come to think of it, it's kind of rare for us to be alone together, huh?
【Haruka】Yeah.
【Airi】...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Hey, can I ask you something...?
【Haruka】Sure, but... Is something wrong?
【Airi】No, there's something that's been on my mind ever since we decided to freelance.
【Airi】When we were running around trying to find an agency we could join, I was thinking that maybe...
[Sound] bgm00039
【Airi】No, not maybe... You were trying to protect us from whatever we would face, weren't you?
【Haruka】...
【Airi】Especially when I suggested that we go independent, you said maybe you were being too stubborn...
【Airi】But I don't think that's the case.
【Airi】Shizuku and I quit because we didn't like how our agencies were treating us or we had problems with other group members.
【Airi】It felt like you were being the most careful out of all of us and kept voicing your opinion about one thing after another.
【Haruka】Yes, I would be lying if I said I wasn't, but I wouldn't say I was being as careful as you believe I was.
【Haruka】Our futures depended on it, so I just wanted to clear up any concerns or doubts we may've had before moving forward.
【Haruka】Also...
【Airi】Also?
【Haruka】I didn't want us to make the same mistakes again.
【Airi】...
【Haruka】It may've been for different reasons, but we all gave up being idols once already...
【Haruka】But after meeting Minori, we were somehow able to get back on our feet again.
【Haruka】Because of that, I was determined not to let the hope that Minori had given us to go to waste.
【Airi】Yes. I feel the same way too. And I'm sure Shizuku does as well.
【Haruka】Right...
【Haruka】But because I was so focused on that, I wasn't able to think out of the box at all.
【Haruka】So even though I was surprised when you suggested going independent, I'm actually grateful that you brought it up.
【Airi】Maybe it's just human nature... Getting bogged down in our own thoughts.
【Airi】If Rin hadn't listened to what was on my mind, I would've probably stayed stuck too.
【Haruka】Yeah. We should definitely try to take some time to have more discussions together in the future.
【Airi】We should.
【Airi】But at any rate...
【Haruka】Huh?
【Airi】You really are the responsible type, huh?
【Haruka】Oh? I think you're no different in that regard...
【Airi】You're by far the most responsible person I've ever known. It's really reassuring to have you around!
【Airi】I'll be counting on you, Haruka.
【Haruka】Sure. And I'm counting on you too, Airi. Let's make the best of it, okay?
[Sound] bgm00000
