【Momoi Airi — Intro To Tea Ceremony〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Intro To Tea Ceremony（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Raise Your Bow in a Snow-White World
scenarioId: 007021_airi02

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Airi】Huh? You wanna try some matcha?
【Minori】Yeah! You spoke so passionately about doing tea ceremonies that I couldn't help but feel a little interested.
【Shizuku】Yes, you certainly seemed to enjoy talking about it yesterday.
【Airi】Please try to forget about that... I feel embarrassed for going as in-depth as I did.
【Haruka】Hehe. I'm with Minori on this one. I also found your story very interesting.
【Shizuku】That was actually what the three of us talked about after school during practice.
【Shizuku】We all sort of wished that we were in attendance when the tea ceremony club did a demonstration at the School Festival.
【Airi】Oh, really? It's great to hear that you're all so interested!
【Airi】(I'd like to do something for them since they're expressing so much interest in tea ceremonies...)
【Airi】Yeah, that might work...!
【Airi】Leave this one to me! I know what we can do!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】Huh?
[Background Change] bg_b000801
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] Weekend
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】So, we'll be having a tea ceremony demo today!
【Minori】Woohoo!
【Haruka】Thank you for doing this, Airi. Not only are you providing the space for us to do this, but also the equipment and sweets.
【Airi】This is the least I could do. I mean, seeing all of you show so much interest in this made me really happy.
【Minori】Oh, so this is the container for the tea...! And these are the tea bowls!
【Airi】That's right. The two in the front are the ones I usually use. Shizuku brought the other two.
【Haruka】Interesting... Your bowls are more vibrantly colored than I was expecting. They feel nice and casual.
【Shizuku】I agree, and these pink accents are so cute. Just like you, Airi.
【Minori】Yeah. Wait, hang on... You use these on a regular basis?!
【Airi】Yeah. Sometimes I get these massive cravings for matcha. Especially when I bring home some seasonal Japanese sweets!
【Airi】If anything, the bowls Shizuku brought are more like what you'd normally see.
【Haruka】True. You said that you borrowed these from your mom?
【Shizuku】Yes, that's right. She plays the koto, but she also apparently spent some time learning how to perform tea ceremonies.
【Minori】Which is why you had these at your house! That's so cool!
【Haruka】Still, it's amazing how two tea bowls can give off such different vibes...
【Airi】Hehe. See what I mean? However, this is just the tip of the iceberg.
【Airi】So, why don't we start making and drinking some matcha? I'll start us off.
【Airi】We're just having a casual gathering today, so feel free to have some snacks while I do it.
【Shizuku】Okay♪
【Airi】First, you put some matcha powder into the bowl, pour in some hot water and...
[Sound] se00474
【Haruka】It looks so easy when you do it.
【Shizuku】Yes, it's very impressive.
【Minori】I didn't realize that you had to go all whisk-whisk-whisk like that...
【Airi】Ah, nice observation.
【Airi】The number one reason for doing this is to bring out the aroma! If you mix the matcha powder and hot water together just right, it starts smelling really good.
【Shizuku】Oh, now that you mention it... This tea smells very nice.
【Airi】Hehe. Right?
[Sound] se00474
[Sound] se00474
【Airi】Alright, it's ready.
【Minori, Haruka & Shizuku】Ooh!
[Sound] se00470
【Airi】After you, Minori.
【Minori】Me?! But I don't know how I'm supposed to drink this!
【Airi】Again, this is all meant to be super casual. Don't worry about any of that stuff.
【Minori】R-Right..! Then...
【Minori】Here goes nothing!
【Minori】Oh... It's not as bitter as I was expecting... Actually, it's really good!
【Airi】Hehe. That's good to hear. Your second and third sips should progressively get more flavorful, so I hope you enjoy.
【Haruka】Wow, you really do know a lot about this.
【Airi】Not really. This is all stuff I learned during club activities, and I don't get to go that much.
【Minori】Really? I think it's really great how you know all this stuff about tea ceremonies!
【Airi】Hehe. Thanks, Minori.
【Shizuku】Oh, Airi, if you don't mind, I'd like to have some.
【Airi】Sure thing. I'll whip some up right now.
【Airi】I'm gonna have you all try this in a bit, so pay close attention!
【Minori, Shizuku & Haruka】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
