【Hinomori Shizuku — A Blissful Moment With You〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hinomori Shizuku
Card: A Blissful Moment With You（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: As the Leaves Change Once More
scenarioId: 008038_shizuku01

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Haruka】Shizuku, over here.
【Miku】Shizuku♪
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【Shizuku】You're here early, Haruka. Have you already begun stretching?
【Haruka】Yeah, I came here right after homeroom ended.
【Haruka】But Minori's doing animal caretaker committee stuff right now, so she's going to be a bit late.
【Shizuku】I see.
【Shizuku】That reminds me. Airi's also going to be a little late. She went over to the office to ask the teachers some questions.
【Len】Then, once we've finished stretching, why don't we get started with practice without them?
【Haruka】Okay. Oh, speaking of stretches...
【Haruka】The ones you taught me the other day for increasing my flexibility have been doing wonders.
【Haruka】Not only do they allow me to really get at the muscles I'm trying to stretch, they also help me relax.
【Shizuku】They do? I also like those stretches because they feel so good.
【Shizuku】So good that I'll fall asleep sometimes.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_f000603
[Background Change] bg_b001001
【Shizuku】(Oh...)
【Haruka】Shizuku...?
【KAITO】Is something wrong?
【Shizuku】No, it's just...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Haruka】Even after the festival, your sister's staying up late each night to practice? I guess I shouldn't be surprised.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Shizuku】Yes...
【Shizuku】But I feel like she should take a break, since she and the others just completed a very big challenge.
【Miku】But based on what you just said...
【Len】You didn't suggest that she take one?
【Shizuku】I didn't...
【Shizuku】She always looks like she's having so much fun whenever she's practicing. To her, it probably doesn't feel like she's pushing herself at all...
【Shizuku】She's just having so much fun that she doesn't want to do anything else.
【Haruka】Their debut song became a big hit, everyone has been talking about the song they made for that commercial, and they received a good response at that festival, after all.
【KAITO】They really seem to have caught an enormous wave.
【Shizuku】They made their dream come true and got the best start imaginable... And I'm sure they feel that they need to keep pushing the envelope.
【Shizuku】Which is why I feel that I shouldn't ruin their streak by asking her to take a break...
【Haruka】Right...
【Len】Hmm... Still...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Miku】If I were in her shoes, I wouldn't see it as much of an interruption.
【Miku】You are family after all♪
[Sound] bgm00039
【Miku】If anything, I'd feel really happy, since a family member is showing genuine concern for me.
【Shizuku】Oh...
【KAITO】Hehe. I agree.
【Haruka】Me too. You know her better than anyone, so I feel that you're in the perfect position to tell her this.
【Haruka】Also, she's a pro now, so it's important for her to take breaks when she can.
【Haruka】Given how professional and responsible she is, I think she'll be more than willing to hear you out.
【Shizuku】Hehe. You're right...
【Shizuku】I was so worried about causing her trouble that I'd forgotten about that very important fact.
【Shizuku】I'll try asking her later. If possible, I'd like to gradually lead into the topic...
【Len】Or you could just invite her to do something with you straight out. Wouldn't that also work?
【KAITO】You'd also be able to secure some quality time with her that way.
【Shizuku】Of course!
【Miku】Hehe. Good luck!
【Shizuku】Thank you, everyone! I really appreciate it!
[Sound] bgm00000
