【Shinonome Akito — Late-Night Learner〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Shinonome Akito
Card: Late-Night Learner（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Let's Study Hard!
scenarioId: 011028_akito02

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【MEIKO】So, once again...
【Rin】Akito! An! Congratulations on making it into second year!
【Kohane & Toya】Congratulations!
【An】Thank you!
【Akito】I didn't feel confident when we started, but we got through it in the end.
【Miku】You both worked so hard. Well done.
【KAITO】You too, Toya! You were working hard teaching them, right?
【Toya】Yes. However, it wasn't just me. I got help from someone I know in the year above, which was a big help.
【Luka】Hey, so what were your study sessions like?
【Luka】Was Toya all serious, like, “You can't leave this room until you answer these questions!”?
【Len】Oh, so I heard they did a bunch of fun stuff, like playing games to decide who had to go buy snacks or swapping up who was teaching what.
【Len】A study session like that sounds really fun!
【An】Yeah! I know we were being a burden by getting into that mess in the first place, but it really was fun!
【An】But, wait... Len, how do you know so much about our study sessions?
【Len】Huh? Oh, I... Uhh...
【Akito】I told him about it.
【An】You did?
【Akito】I came here to study a few times while we had the supplementary classes. Wanted to change things up a bit.
【MEIKO】Akito stayed up late here working hard.
【An】You did?!
【Toya】If you'd told me, I would have come to help.
【Akito】No, you were already doing more than enough for me at school.
【Akito】Besides, I wanted to review what you'd already taught me that day, not learn new stuff.
【Toya】I see.
【Luka】Wait, what? I wish I could've helped out too!
【Len】Me and Rin agreed not to tell you or KAITO.
【Rin】Yep. We didn't want any disruption when Akito was trying to focus.
【Luka】Whaaat?! That's so mean! KAITO, sure. But why me?!
【KAITO】I was about to say the same thing! Why didn't you tell me?!
【Miku】You probably have your reputations to blame for that.
【Kohane】Ahaha... But actually, I understand how you feel, Luka.
【Kohane】When An told me all about the study sessions, I was a little jealous.
【Luka】Exactly! See, MEIKO and everyone were being mean!
【KAITO】By the way, Akito, how did you study?
【Akito】How did I study...? I mostly looked over my notes and worked through worksheets...
【Akito】And sometimes I taught Len some things when I wanted a change of pace.
【Kohane】Oh, teaching something to someone else can help you learn it, can't it?
【Akito】Yeah. There were some questions on the test that I could answer because I remembered teaching Len about them.
【Miku】Hehe. Nice assist there, Len.
【Len】I'll let you teach me again anytime!
【Akito】What do you sound all high and mighty for? Still, I have to admit it was helpful.
【Akito】Thank you to you too, MEIKO, for all the coffee and sweets.
【MEIKO】You're very welcome. I'm glad I could help.
【Luka】Now then, Akito! An! Now that you've secured your places in second year, what are your ambitions for the next twelve months?
【An】Huh?
【Rin】Ooh, yeah! I wanna know too! Your grades are gonna be fine from now on, right?
【Akito】Well, hmm...
【Akito】Next year...
【Akito】Next year, I'm going to avoid failing.
【An】Me too!
【Toya】Surely you could aim to achieve above-average grades?
【Akito】Uh... Well...
【An】W-We'll give it shot...
【Kohane】Ahaha...
【Miku】Hehe. Well, I'm sure you've learned your lesson and will be consistently hardworking students from now on.
[Sound] bgm00000
