【Aoyagi Toya — Don't Let It End Yet〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: Don't Let It End Yet（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Over Rad Squad!!
scenarioId: 012036_touya01

[Background Change] bg_a004501
[Caption] Live House
[Caption] Backstage
【Toya】Phew...
【Toya】(We did very well again during today's event. I'm glad we were able to win.)
【Toya】(We've been able to produce good results in every event lately. And I couldn't be more grateful to have such reliable teammates.)
【Toya】(And people have been responding well to my song...)
【Toya】(Akito and the others telling me that it's good was a relief, but I feel much better knowing that the audience agrees.)
[Sound] se00172_b
【???】Aha, there he is. Hey, we've been looking for you.
【Toya】Huh? Oh...
【Toya】(They're the team that battled against us. From what I understand, they're also professional musicians...)
【Toya】Hello. Thank you for today, LLD.
【Musicians】No, it was our pleasure! More importantly, we've got a question.
【Musicians】Do you guys write your own tracks?
【Toya】Huh?
【Musicians】We wanted to ask because we really liked what we heard. It was like you could really feel what the writer had been feeling, you know?
【Toya】Th-Thank you very much.
【Toya】Actually... I was the one who wrote that song.
【Musicians】You?! Really...?! But you're so young. That's staggering.
【Toya】Oh, but... I didn't make it completely on my own.
【Toya】I never would've been able to make it without the help of my teammates.
【Musicians】I see... We were hoping to hear a little about your creative process. Mind if we picked your brain for a bit?
【Toya】Not at all. I'd also like to hear more about your team and your activities.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Musicians】So, how do you guys go about writing songs?
[Sound] bgm00006
【Toya】Oh, in our case, we first like to come up with the song's overall concept.
【Toya】After that, we try to come up with sounds that match it and refine it as best we can.
【Toya】But we place a high priority on channeling our feelings into it.
【Musicians】Channeling your feelings, huh? Interesting...
【Toya】May I ask how your team produces its songs?
【Musicians】We usually start with a chord progression, then we accent it with instrumental sounds...
【Musicians】This guy's always going out and buying these instruments the rest of us have never even heard of. Not only that, he'll play them just once or sometimes not at all...
【Toya】I see... But that explains why your songs feel so unique compared to other artists. You're able to express things in ways that they can't.
【Toya】Plus, your audience seemed to really enjoy your music... It's a clear indication to me that you understand your strengths.
【Musicians】Haha. You're so polite. But it's true that we keep those kinds of things in mind.
【Toya】Would it be alright if I asked you more about what you do to accent your music as you just mentioned...?
【Musicians】Yeah, sure! We also wanna ask you more about how you guys channel your feelings into your songs.
【Toya】Okay. I'll try to provide answers as best I can.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00180
[Caption] Thirty minutes later
【Musicians】That was a good discussion, Aoyagi. I think we know what we want to do for our next song now.
【Toya】Really? I'm glad to hear that I could help.
【Toya】And I learned quite a lot from our discussion. Thank you for telling me about how you practice and write songs as professionals.
【Musicians】It was a stimulating conversation for us as well. Seeing talented young people like yourselves always serves as a good source of motivation.
【Toya】I appreciate the compliment. Again, thank you for your time.
【Musicians】Haha. You really are polite. And I have a feeling that the sky's the limit for your team. Anyway, thanks for chatting with us.
[Sound] se00172_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【Toya】(... I was a little surprised by them at first...)
【Toya】(But I feel like my horizons have broadened a little.)
【Toya】(We've been competing against a wide variety of teams and artists as we practice to surpass RAD WEEKEND. Those experiences by themselves have been wonderful...)
【Toya】(But I'm always grateful whenever I receive these sorts of opportunities to learn new information and ideas.)
【Toya】(I'm sure that we'll be encountering and competing against more and more musicians in the future. And we'll get to keep experiencing new things.)
【Toya】(We'll keep growing and keep broadening our horizons together...)
【Toya】That's what the future has in store for us.
【Toya】And I'm looking forward to it very much.
[Sound] bgm00000
