【Tenma Saki — Magic Show Assistant!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: Magic Show Assistant!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: The BEST Summer Ever!
scenarioId: 002012_saki01

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] Seaside School - 1 week prior
[Caption] School SEKAI
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm_area00001
【Saki】That was great...! We were really in sync just now!
【Shiho】Yeah. This is a good place to stop too, so why don't we call it a day.
【Honami】Alright.
【Ichika】Miku, thanks again for your help.
【Miku】You're welcome. When's our next practice going to be?
【Saki】Tomorrow, of course! Right, Shiho♪
【Shiho】Sure. But practicing every day like this is going to be hard next week.
【Honami】Oh, you're right. That's already next week...
【Miku】Is there something going on next week?
【Saki】Yup! Hehe. Next week...
【Saki】We're going to the Seaside School♪
【Miku】The Seaside School? What's that?
【Saki】It's a school tradition that's meant to give girls in the same year to get to know each other a little better.
【Saki】We all get to stay in this seaside lodge, go swimming, make curry together and stuff!
【Saki】On the last day, we're supposed to put on a show where each of our groups are gonna do some kind of performance.
【Miku】Oh, that sounds like a lot of fun!
【Saki】I know, right?
【Saki】I missed out on all the overnight school events during junior high, so this is sort of a first for me. I'm sooo excited to go♪
【Ichika】Alright.
【Honami】I'm excited too. I've really been looking forward to it.
【Shiho】You have? I feel like which groups we get assigned to is gonna have a huge effect on what happens...
【Shiho】It'd be so awkward if we get stuck with someone we know nothing about.
【Saki】No, that's the whole point! We're supposed to meet new people and make new friends!
【Honami】Hehe. More specifically, it's supposed to foster a sense of camaraderie and community...
【Ichika】To Saki, that probably means the exact same thing.
【Miku】Hehe.
【Ichika】Oh, has anyone started to pack yet?
【Saki】I have! I've got sunscreen, towels and... Oh, it wasn't in the handbook, but bug spray just in case!
【Saki】We also need to bring enough money for souvenirs and snacks to eat in our room at the lodge!
【Honami】Snacks too? Are you sure that you won't be bringing too much?
【Saki】Heh heh heh! I have that covered! I just need to take them out of their boxes and put them into their own baggies!
【Miku】You really want to bring them along, huh?
【Ichika】Oh, do you know what we're supposed to do about shampoo and soap?
【Shiho】I'm sure they'll have some ready for us.
【Shiho】But we'll probably have to bring our own toothbrush, toothpaste and stuff like that.
【Saki】I totally forgot about those! Thanks for the reminder, Shiho!
【Honami】Oh, also... The seniors in the Cleanup Committee said that we should take a sweater or a jacket with us.
【Honami】Apparently, it still gets cold at night because it's right on the beach.
【Miku】Really? But the sea breeze sounds so nice...
【Ichika】Yes, it does. But I think I'll take something just in case. I'd hate to catch a cold while we're there.
【Saki】Me too!
【Saki】Thanks for the tip, Hona!
【Honami】No, don't thank me. Thank the seniors from the Cleanup Committee.
【Honami】Oh, I almost forgot. They also recommended that we bring separate beach and bath towels.
【Honami】The school has laundry machines on-site, but the seniors said that the dryer was out of order when they went.
【Shiho】Yikes... So they had to dry off using the towels they just used at the beach...?
【Miku】Oh, that sounds awful...
【Ichika】Right. It probably is a good idea to take two separate towels then.
【Ichika】I believe that just leaves our swimsuits...
【Saki】Yup! Wow, I can't even remember the last time I went swimming...
【Saki】Maybe not since... Elementary school...?
【Saki】Wait, that means the last time I swam was in one of those really shallow kiddie pools!
【Ichika】Oh, you might be right. I also remember how you weren't always allowed to go in the water.
【Miku】And you'll be swimming in the ocean, right? Won't the water be too choppy for you, Saki?
【Saki】I... I really don't know...
【Honami】There will be waves, but I doubt we'll be doing any long-distance swimming. I'm sure you'll be okay.
【Ichika】I agree. You can always have someone in your group teach you how to swim too.
【Saki】I really don't want to be a bother to anyone, but I guess I'll just have to ask...
【Miku】Have your groups not been decided yet?
【Saki】No, they're having a random draw tomorrow, so we'll find out then!
【Saki】I wonder who's going to be in my group. I hope we get to have lots of fun together.
【Miku】Hehe. I'm sure they will since they'll have you there with them, Saki.
【Miku】I'm looking forward to hearing all about it.
【Saki】Yeah! We'll talk lots when we get back!
[Sound] bgm00000
