【Akiyama Mizuki — Obsessed With Cuteness〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Akiyama Mizuki
Card: Obsessed With Cuteness（1★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 020001_mizuki02

[Background Change] bg_a000101
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Courtyard
【Mizuki】Sigh...
【Mizuki】(It's been a while since I attended school, and today's classes were so boring.)
【Mizuki】Maybe I should just go home... Hm?
【Mizuki】Is that...?
【Rui】If I put this here...like this. And then this part here...
【Rui】Hehe, it's working well.
【Mizuki】All by yourself in a lonely place as usual, huh?
【Rui】Oh my. Is that you, Mizuki?
【Mizuki】That's me. What're you up to, Rui?
【Rui】You mean this robot? As you can see, I'm outfitting it.
【Mizuki】Wow, this stumpy little thing's a robot too?
【Mizuki】You're using it for one of your shows?
【Rui】Yes. I made it a long time ago, but with some modifications, it can be controlled remotely.
【Mizuki】It's not very cute for something to be used in a show.
【Rui】I was going to work on its appearance after I finished outfitting it. I haven't reached that part, yet.
【Mizuki】I see. Which means you haven't made any costumes for it either, right?
【Rui】Costumes? Yes, I may need to give it something to wear.
【Mizuki】Right? If you don't mind, I can make something for it!
【Mizuki】And I'll make it super cute too♪
【Rui】Cute, huh?
【Rui】You haven't changed at all. Still the same old Mizuki with a weakness for anything cute.
【Mizuki】Ah, you finally turned around.
【Mizuki】You haven't changed either, always so focused on your tinkering even when you're talking to someone.
【Rui】Hehe, it's a habit already.
【Rui】And as for the costume... I'm going to give this robot to a friend of mine to use.
【Rui】I'll be making it look like that friend as well, so would you be able to make something to go along with that?
【Mizuki】I can! It sounds fun!
【Mizuki】Now how should I go about doing this...
【Mizuki】Maybe I should just leave school and start making it now?
【Rui】Actually, Mizuki, what inspired you to come to school today for a change, anyway? Did something happen?
【Mizuki】Huh?
【Mizuki】Um, nothing? Everything's fine.
【Rui】If you say so.
【Mizuki】Well, I did get to talk to the legendary school weirdo, so coming to school today on a whim was well worth it♪
【Rui】Hehe, that's a great honor indeed.
【Rui】Encountering a rarely seen student in the wild has put me in quite a good mood as well.
【Mizuki】Aha, so that makes two of us, eh?
【Mizuki】Well, once you're done fixing up the robot, let me know. I'll make it the cutest outfit anyone has ever seen!
[Sound] bgm00000
