【Hatsune Miku — The SEKAI Dressing Room Is This Way♪〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: The SEKAI Dressing Room Is This Way♪（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Cast a Spell on You
scenarioId: 021022_miku02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Miku】Let's do our best during this inventory check, everyone!
【KAITO】I should be able to mend any outfits with loose stitching or buttons if you bring them to me.
【Len】That's amazing. I didn't know you could sew, KAITO.
【KAITO】No, I only have some basic knowledge.
【KAITO】I'm thinking that we can ask Shizuku about any that prove to be more of a challenge and hand them over to her if necessary.
【Luka】Oh, that's right. Shizuku's a talented seamstress in her own right♪
【MEIKO】Alright, KAITO, I'll bring any that I think need some attention to you.
【Miku】Hehe. Shall we get started♪
【Everyone】Yeah!
【Len】Hmm... This outfit... Looks okay... Next is...
【MEIKO】Hm? The stitching on the sleeve for this one's coming loose on the inside... It's not immediately obvious, but I suppose it's worth mending...
【Rin】Oh, the shoulder decorations on this one are drooping a bit.
【Rin】Hey, KAITO, can you fix stuff like this?
【KAITO】Mind if I take a look?
【KAITO】The stitching for both the decorations and the outfit itself appears to be coming loose. I should be able to mend this.
【Rin】Really?! Thank you so much!
【Miku】This one seems fine. The next should be in the back... Wah!
【Luka】Miku? Oh, did your hair get caught in the other outfits?
【Miku】Yes, I think so. Can you untangle me, Luka?
【Luka】Of course. Stay still for me, okay?
【Len】KAITO, I found some loose threads on this one too...
【Len】Uh, KAITO...? Are you under this pile of outfits?
【Miku】Oh, I think he is.
【KAITO】Unfortunately, more outfits than I expected need mending. I started using my lap after I ran out of space and this happened...
【Luka】Well, there are quite a few with only very minor damage...
【Len】True... But I kinda want them mended since we never get this kind of opportunity.
【Miku】I agree. Let me give you a hand, KAITO.
【Miku】Especially considering that I was the one who brought up this idea.
【Len】I'll join you. I should have the dexterity to help out somehow.
【KAITO】Thank you both very much! Alright, let me give you a quick rundown.
【Miku & Len】Okay!
【Miku】Tie it off tightly and... Done!
【Miku】How's this, KAITO? I tried restitching it after getting to pattern on the fabric to line back up...
【KAITO】Wow! You did a wonderful job, Miku! You deserve a 100 for this.
【Miku】Really?! Thank goodness!
【Len】Nice job, Miku. How does mine look, KAITO?
【KAITO】Yes, it looks good! You've both done a fantastic job.
【Miku】Hehe. That's because you're such a good teacher, KAITO.
【Miku】Alright, let's keep this up and mend away!
【Len】Yeah!
[Sound] se00170
【MEIKO】Hey, you three. You've been at it for a while now. How does a quick break sound?
【Miku】I can keep going. If anything, I'm actually having a lot of fun right now.
【Rin】You are? I didn't know you liked to sew, Miku.
【Miku】There's that...
【Miku】These outfits play a big role in letting me shine as an idol. That's why I'm really happy about getting this opportunity to tell them, “Thank you.”
【Len】Oh, Miku.
【Len】Still, they do play a big role in letting an idol shine...
【Len】I feel something similar. It's like putting one of these on gives me the confidence I need to be the idol that I am.
【KAITO】Oh, I know what you mean. These outfits make it easier for me to switch between being an idol and a manager.
【Rin】Really? Hmm... What do my outfits do for me...?
【Rin】Oh, I know... Not only do these give me confidence, but they're also able to lend me their power somehow♪
【Rin】When I'm wearing one of these, I feel like I can shake off my nerves by telling myself, “You can do it!” or “I believe in you!”
【Miku】Hehe. Now that you mention it, Rin, your eyes and smile always sparkle when you're in one of these outfits.
【Miku】What about you two, Luka, MEIKO?
【Luka】Me? I'd say my outfits give me an extra dash of spice♪
【Luka】Similar to how Miku said her outfits give her the ability to shine as an idol.
【MEIKO】Spice, huh? That does sound nice!
【MEIKO】For me... My outfit is my partner. I can't go on stage as an idol without it.
【Rin】Whoa! MEIKO, that's so cool!
【Len】It's interesting to compare and contrast how we all see our outfits.
【Miku】Yes, I'm glad we had this talk.
【Miku】But in the end, we're idols and can't do anything without these outfits.
【Miku】Let's keep cherishing them to make sure we're able to spread and inspire hope in others♪
【KAITO】Alright, everyone, let's continue. There's just a little bit more to go with our inventory check.
【Everyone】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
