【Otori Emu — Helping You Show Thanks〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: Helping You Show Thanks（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Connect Hearts Message
scenarioId: 014043_emu01

[Background Change] bg_a001001
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Emu】Humhumhumm♪ So excited about our shadowing☆
【Saki】What do you think we're gonna get to do?! How cool would it be to help out with an event or something?
【Shiho】Aren't you two getting a little ahead of yourselves? We still don't know if we actually got spots with them.
【Emu】*Gasp*
【Shiho】What's wrong?
【Emu】The company being advertised on that building's sign was also on the list of companies.
【Saki】Oh, I think you're right. Your eyes are so sharp, Emu!
【Emu】Hehe. I knew I'd seen them before somewhere!
【Emu】But I also recognized some of the other companies from that list. Why do you think that is?
【Shiho】Is it possible that they're a part of the Otori Group? I know it's a big conglomerate that does a lot of other things besides running an amusement park.
【Emu】Oh, right...! I think I heard my brothers talking about them!
【Emu】Still, it's kinda hard for me to tell what they actually do...
【Shiho】I mean, isn't that pretty common?
【Emu】I guess...
【Emu】(I'm learning as much as I can right now for the sake of Phoenix Wonderland...)
【Emu】(But I'm trying to learn how to operate a business. I should learn as much as I can about everything I can!)
【Emu】(I'll try asking Keisuke and Shosuke when I get home!)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d001303
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] A few hours later
[Caption] Otori Household - Living Room
【Keisuke】—is how many guests we're expecting to receive this month, based on the data from last month.
【Shosuke】These figures aren't bad, but I feel like we're hitting a ceiling.
【Keisuke】I agree. On the other hand, the park's satisfaction rating is showing a consistent upward trend. If things continue along this track...
【Emu】Uhh... Sorry, you guys! Do you two have a minute?
【Keisuke】Hm? Oh, Emu. How can we help you?
【Emu】So, our school is having us participate in this work research shadowing program...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Shosuke】Interesting... You get to visit an actual company and receive hands-on work experience? That should be fun.
[Sound] bgm00170
【Emu】Yeah, and we're allowed to choose from this list of companies! Are any of them part of the Otori Group?
[Sound] se00122_b
【Keisuke】Let's have a look...
【Keisuke】Yes, a few. Five in total if you include our affiliates. These ones here.
【Emu】Wait, that many?!
【Shosuke】I mean, we keep our fingers in more than a few pies, after all.
【Shosuke】But if you're here asking us about our group's companies, then does that mean you're interested in visiting them?
【Emu】No, I've already made my choice! I'm gonna visit a company called HeartUp Creation.
【Shosuke】HeartUp Creation?
【Emu】They're an event planning company! They run stage performances and town revitalization events and all sorts of other things!
【Emu】This company must come up with lots and lots of fun ideas to make sure their guests enjoy themselves. So, I wanna learn about how they think and operate!
【Shosuke】Sounds fine to me. That viewpoint should help you down the road.
【Keisuke】I agree. This is a valuable opportunity, so be sure to make the most of it.
【Shosuke】Still, if you already had your mind set on a place, why ask about our group's companies?
【Emu】Because I wanna learn about as many different companies as I can!
【Emu】They might not have anything to do with how Phoenix Wonderland is run, but learning how they all think might help me in the future!
【Keisuke】I see. Your diligence is admirable.
【Keisuke】In that case, would you like to learn more about these companies right now? I'd be happy to give you a general overview.
【Emu】You mean it?!
【Emu】Oh, but...
【Emu】Actually, I'll pass for now!
【Emu】I think doing my own research and asking you about what I learn would be better for me!
【Shosuke】Well, well, listen to you.
【Emu】Hehe♪
【Keisuke】Then, instead of limiting yourself to our group, you should go out there and learn about as many companies as you can.
【Keisuke】Especially the ones you're planning on visiting.
【Emu】Right!
【Emu】I promise to learn lots and lots about everything I can!
[Sound] bgm00000
