【Tenma Tsukasa — A Small Friend With A Big Part〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: A Small Friend With A Big Part（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Star of Your Own Story
scenarioId: 013030_tsukasa01

[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Diner
【Emu】Here's to a wonderhoy performance, everyone! Ch-Ch-Ch-Cheeers☆
【Nene】*Nod* Cheers.
[Sound] se00163_b
【Tsukasa】I don't know about the rest of you, but I feel a lot more tired than usual...
【Rui】Me too. Performing with a new group in a different place does seem to require a little extra energy...
【Rui】Also, the play was a type of production we weren't used to, which may've also played a role.
【Nene】Yeah, it left me mentally fatigued too.
【Nene】And despite it being a tough play to put on, everyone in Shunmeiza didn't break a sweat and paid so much attention to detail.
【Nene】They were so amazing.
【Nene】I feel even more motivated to improve my acting skills now.
【Emu】Ooh, Nene, you're all full of peas!
【Nene】Don't you mean full of beans?
【Rui】Hehe. In any case, this definitely ended up being a fruitful experience for us.
【Tsukasa】I agree. However, that also comes with some setbacks.
【Tsukasa】Ultimately, I wasn't able to fulfill my role as an actor on the day of the show.
【Rui】Tsukasa...
【Emu】But the director said he really liked your performance!
【Tsukasa】No, stop... The truth is that I failed in my duties. I was shown plainly where I am as an actor right now.
【Tsukasa】That being said, I'm not about to let that get me down!
【Tsukasa】If anything, now that I know what I need to work on, I'm as motivated as ever about the future!
【Emu】Hehe♪ You're back to being all fiery like usual!
【Nene】He might actually be burning hotter than usual.
【Rui】And we wouldn't have it any other way.
【Tsukasa】However, before we take our next step...
【Tsukasa】I need to thank all of you.
【Tsukasa】I have a feeling that my performance today would've been dismal if I hadn't asked for your help.
【Tsukasa】Because you were all so kind, I was able to play Nakayama the way I did.
【Tsukasa】So, from the bottom of my heart... Thank you!
【Nene】You just wanted to thank us...?
【Nene】I mean... It's not like this is the first time we helped you figure out how to play a character.
【Emu】Hehe. Plus, it was your hard work that paid off in the end, not ours.
【Rui】She's right. All we did was provide you with a few ideas as to what Nakayama might be like as a person.
【Rui】You're the one who solved the puzzle, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】All of you...
【Emu】And brainstorming together was so much fun!
【Emu】I really liked the super energetic Nakayama! I love how he's always smiling and has a booming voice!
【Rui】Me too. I particularly like how he has a habit of driving his three-wheel truck through the front doors of his office. That would make for quite a fun character.
【Nene】Didn't that one end with him drowning in debt because of his destructive nature...?
【Tsukasa】Despite only having three lines, I thought I was going to lose my voice playing that version of him...
【Rui】I also liked my gloomy version of Nakayama.
【Tsukasa】That one involved him mumbling everything he says while hunched over in some dark corner of the office, no?
【Rui】Because he secretly has the ability to see evil spirits... It ended with him quitting his job, venturing deep into the mountains and sacrificing himself in order to defeat the big boss spirit...
【Emu】Whoa! He fights evil spirits! That's so brave of him!
【Tsukasa】Why do all your versions of him involve these outlandish ideas...?
【Rui】Well, I believe you need to be outlandish at times in order to become used to thinking outside the box.
【Tsukasa】I suppose...
【Tsukasa】(Still...)
【Tsukasa】(I couldn't be more grateful about having friends like these who share my burdens.)
【Tsukasa】(I can't help but feel blessed...)
【Tsukasa】Oh, while I'm at it... I should go thank Bakuno one last time!
【Tsukasa】Not only did he show me the benefits of coming up with a character's life story, he helped me come up with one for Nakayama after I asked him to so suddenly... His vast imagination ended up being the lifesaver I needed!
【Rui】Yes, I agree. I think we should all thank him the next time we see him.
【Emu】Okay!
【Tsukasa】(Thanks to Bakuno, I have a slightly better understanding of what it means to really disappear into a role...)
【Tsukasa】(If I can learn to master what I just learned... If I can learn to control it, then I should be able to grow even further as an actor.)
【Tsukasa】(I still have a long road ahead of me until I reach stardom, but...)
【Tsukasa】I'm going to take this experience and use it to propel myself to new heights!
[Sound] bgm00000
