【Kagamine Len — New Troupe Member!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kagamine Len
Card: New Troupe Member!（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 023004_len02

[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Len】Alright, I think I want to try coming up with a show like KAITO and the others do, but this time I'll make it on my own!
【Len】The only problem is, I'm not sure where to start.
【Len】I should probably decide what kind of things I want in the show first. What sounds like it'd be fun?
【Len】KAITO's shows are usually a story with singing and dancing. I just need an idea that the audience will enjoy.
【Len】Hm... This is harder than I thought.
【Len】What's the most important thing for a show? Maybe I should start with the script? Or maybe choosing parts? Oh, costumes are really important too.
【Plushie】Len! You look like you're working hard. Let us know if there's anything we can do to help!
【Len】I will, thanks! Actually, there was something I wanted to ask you.
【Len】I'm trying to figure out everything I need to make a good show. Is there anything you can think of other than the script and costumes?
【Plushie】Hm... Have you thought about stage props?
【Len】Oh, stage props! I completely forgot about that.
【Plushie】There's also stage lighting, any mechanical props you might need... Oh, and music too!
【Len】Hrng... This is going to take even more prep work than I thought...
【Len】I think I'm getting a good overall picture, though. Let me give it some more thought.
【Len】Thanks for the suggestions!
【Plushie】Sure! Good luck!
【Len】Backgrounds, lighting, production, music... Then there's the script, costumes, and casting... So much to do...
【Len】Making a show sure isn't easy.
【Len】For the audience, the show goes by before you realize it, but the time it takes to prepare could be a hundred times as long as that.
【Len】I wonder if I can do something this tough on my own...
【Len】Probably not...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000501
【KAITO】Do you think you can push through to the end even when things get tough?
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【Len】Oh, I nearly forgot! I promised I'd see things through to the end no matter what!
【Len】But I really don't think I can do this on my own. What am I going to do?
[Background Change] bg_d000501
【KAITO】Creating performances is a lot of hard work. They aren't something you can do on your own.
【KAITO】I want you to promise you'll remember that great shows rely on everyone working together.
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【Len】You can't make great shows on your own...
【Len】Oh! This must be what KAITO meant when he said that!
【Len】I can't take everything on myself. Alright! I should find Miku and KAITO and ask them for—
【Miku】Hi ho, Len☆ Working hard?
【KAITO】You seem to be struggling with something.
【Len】Miku?! KAITO?! What are you doing here?!
【KAITO】We heard from the stuffed animals that you were working hard on a show, so we came to check on you.
【Miku】How's it coming?
【Len】Well, I don't think I can do this on my own. I was just going to find you two and ask for your help!
【Miku】We'd love to help! Do you have an idea of what kind of show you want to do?
【Len】Yeah! I'm just not really sure where to start...
【Miku】In that case, let's get everyone here! If we all work together, we'll be done in no time!
【Miku】KAITO, look! We finished another costume! What do you think?
【KAITO】It looks great. Can I get you to start on the main character's costume next?
【Miku】Sure! We'll get right on it!
【Plushie】The stage props are finished! How does this look?
【Len】Wow! It's just like I imagined! Do you think you could lighten the sky just a bit?
【Plushie】I'll see what we can do!
【Len】(I wasn't getting anywhere trying to do this on my own. Now that everyone's helping, though, things are going so fast.)
【Len】(It's way more fun coming up with ideas as a group than it was struggling to find ideas on my own, too!)
【Len】So this is what it means to make a show together.
【Len】Hey, KAITO. You told me before that you can't make a great show by yourself.
【KAITO】I remember. That's one of the first things I told you when you joined the troupe.
【Len】I think I finally understand what you meant!
【KAITO】I'm glad to hear that. I always believed you'd realize it sooner or later.
【Len】Hehe. I have everyone here to thank for that.
【Len】Alright! Let's all make this show a huge success together!
[Sound] bgm00000
