【MEIKO — Third Senpai〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: Third Senpai（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Don't Let Doubts Hold You Back
scenarioId: 025007_meiko01

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Ichika】Let's start with something simple. Honami, can you count us in.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Honami】Here we go! One, two, three, four!
[Sound] song00003_off_f
【MEIKO】(Good! They're all in sync. Their sound is getting much better too.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Shiho】Let's split up for individual practice now. Would you be okay with that, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Sure, of course.
【Saki】Alright! Time to work on that part that was bugging me...!
[Sound] se00023
【MEIKO】(Instruments really are wonderful things. It's a real delight to hear them play together.)
【MEIKO】(But it's also fun to listen to each of them individually as they practice on their own.)
【Honami】Um, MEIKO? Do you have a minute?
【MEIKO】How can I help, Honami?
【Honami】I can't seem to figure out a drumming technique I like...
【MEIKO】Really? You sounded perfectly fine to me.
【Honami】Um, do you remember that time when you played with Miku and Luka?
【Honami】That was when I realized how much of an effect the drummer has on a performance.
【Honami】Not only did you maintain a good tempo, you carried Miku and Luka through the entire way.
【Honami】And I never once saw you hesitate. You were so cool and collected... And I was wondering how I could be like you...
【MEIKO】Aww, you're making me blush.
【MEIKO】But the part about not hesitating isn't true at all.
【Honami】Huh?
【MEIKO】That may be because I try to resolve any worries I have during practice.
【MEIKO】Also, I have faith that Miku or Luka will be there for me if I do make any mistakes during a performance.
【MEIKO】And I feel comfortable going all out as a result.
【Honami】Aren't the drums supposed to be the band's foundation? Is it okay for me to be leaning on other people...?
【MEIKO】Hahaha! You can't build a house with just the foundation, right?
【Honami】Oh! Um... Yes, I see your point.
【MEIKO】Yup. Anyway, why don't you play something for me? I may be able to give you better advice after that.
【Honami】Really? Thank you so much!
【Honami】Alright, here it goes!
[Sound] se00165
【MEIKO】(Luka was right. She's solid... I might be the more envious one here...)
【MEIKO】(Hmm. Okay, I get it now.)
【Honami】H-How was I...?
【MEIKO】You not being able to figure out a good drumming technique is probably not something you can resolve on your own.
【Honami】Huh? Wh-What does that mean?
【MEIKO】Your band is still quite new, right?
【MEIKO】You might be feeling lost about how to perform because your band as a whole hasn't worked that out yet.
【MEIKO】So it's probably difficult to find the right technique to focus on or judge just how much free reign you have.
【MEIKO】To add to our foundation analogy, you'll need to decide what sort of house you want to build, right?
【Honami】Oh, that's true. That makes so much sense!
【MEIKO】See?
【Honami】The kind of house we all want to build... So we should decide on what sort of performances we want to put on?
【MEIKO】That's one way. On the other hand, you could learn to become fully independent!
【MEIKO】You know, to become THE pillar that props up your band?
【Honami】Yes... I mean, if I can...
【MEIKO】Haha. Don't worry. Everyone has a different take when it comes to this.
【Honami】Maybe I was feeling lost because our band is so new and none of us know what we want to actually do yet...
【Honami】But I think that also means there are a lot of other things we can learn in the meantime.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I think so too. The hesitation you're talking about really might not be a bad thing either, Honami.
【Honami】Thank you! I'll try not to worry about it so much.
【MEIKO】Okay, I'm glad that's sorted out. Good luck, Honami.
[Sound] bgm00000
