【Kiritani Haruka — MORE MORE HOUSE Surprise〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: MORE MORE HOUSE Surprise（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Warmth in Every Stitch
scenarioId: 006043_haruka01

[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Sewing Lounge
【Haruka】I didn't realize they had so many penguin designs.
【Shizuku】Yes, some have penguins facing forward and some have them facing to the side, while others are just their faces.
【Shizuku】But there's no need to worry. You can make all of these using outline stitches.
【Haruka】Really? Still, there's so many. I don't know which to choose.
【Shizuku】Hehe. It's okay to take your time.
【Haruka】Alright, thanks...!
【Haruka】(This penguin that's facing forward has such an adorably round figure to it...)
【Haruka】(But this other one facing sideways looks so cute and fluffy too...)
【Haruka】(And this one's on its stomach. It must be sliding across the ice...)
【Haruka】(Which do I choose? They're all so cute...)
【Mafuyu】You must love penguins quite a lot, Kiritani.
【Haruka】Huh...?
【Mizuki】Yeah, Haruka, your eyes are twinkling like crazy!
【Haruka】I-Is it that obvious...?
【Haruka】But you're right. I do love penguins a lot.
【Haruka】I find their round figures very comforting for some reason. And the way they waddle is just too cute, and they swim so gracefully too...
【Shizuku】You should see all the penguin merchandise she owns. She loves them just that much.
【Mafuyu】Penguin merchandise? That's amazing.
【Mizuki】I totally know that feeling! I like collecting merch from my favorite anime.
【Haruka】Yeah, I want to buy any that I come across.
【Haruka】Oh, penguin merch is one thing...
【Haruka】But I also have a habit of buying any Phenny merch that I come across, because he looks like a penguin too. You should see how much stuff I have at home.
【Mafuyu】I see why you're having trouble choosing a design, when you love them so much.
【Shizuku】Yes, I think anyone would have trouble choosing just one of their most favorite things.
【Haruka】Yeah, but I have to make a choice... Otherwise, I'll never start the actual embroidery.
【Haruka】(They're all really cute...)
【Haruka】(But if I choose a really complicated design to start with, then I might not be able to achieve a satisfactory result.)
【Haruka】(I want to make them look as good as possible, so it might be best to start with a simple design and get used to embroidering them from there.)
【Haruka】(Which means... My adorably chubby friend here is probably the answer.)
【Haruka】I've made my choice, Shizuku. I'm going with this one.
【Shizuku】Hehe. This penguin looks so huggably soft.
【Shizuku】Then, I'll show you how to transfer this design to your fabric. First, we'll use a sheet of tracing paper...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Haruka】(My penguin's really starting to come together.)
[Sound] bgm00171
【Haruka】(I can't help but smile after seeing my progress...)
【Haruka】(I need to keep doing my best, so it turns out really cute...!)
【Mizuki】Haruka looks like she's having a lot of fun.
【Mafuyu】Yes, I definitely wasn't expecting to see Kiritani in this sort of light.
【Mizuki】Yeah, it is sorta hard to believe that an A-list idol like Haruka loves penguins this much.
【Shizuku】But getting excited about your favorite thing is perfectly understandable.
[Sound] bgm00000
