【MEIKO — Freewheeler With A Three-Wheeler〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: Freewheeler With A Three-Wheeler（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Star of Your Own Story
scenarioId: 025032_meiko01

[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【MEIKO】The Showa Commemorative Museum that Tsukasa and the others went to sounded like so much fun!
【MEIKO】I love how they took an old building from back then and turned it into a museum. It's such a wonderful idea...!
【Miku】I know, right☆ It's too bad that we couldn't go with them...
【Miku】But I'm really glad that they brought back all those souvenirs and stuff for us♪
【MEIKO】Me too! Especially that giant diorama of a city from back then! It's so nice of them to want us to get a feel for the time period.
【Len】I'm having a lot of fun with the tin toy Rui brought back! Check it out! When you wind it up, it starts whirring and moving around.
【Rin】I really liked that old-timey soda☆ It was so sweet and fizzy, it felt like there was a party going on in my mouth♪
【Luka】I really love this scarf♪ I've been able to sleep even better when I use it as a pillow...
【Luka】Zzz... Zzz...♪
【MEIKO】Luka, no! All you've been doing is sleeping since you got that scarf!
【KAITO】Haha... We did receive quite a lot from them.
【KAITO】I'm sure Tsukasa and the others are working very hard to make the most of what they learned at the museum.
【Luka】I agree. Performing somewhere new and different is never easy, but I'm hoping that they succeed.
【Len】Hmm... Isn't there anything we can do for them? I wanna help them if possible!
【Miku】Me too! Me too! Can't we do something?
【MEIKO】Well...
【MEIKO】Oh, I know. We can help them learn more about what things were like back in the Showa period by putting on a show set in that era!
【Rin】So, a Showa show?! That sounds super fun☆
【Len】But we still don't really know what life was like back then...
【KAITO】True. We may not have enough information to put on such a show...
【MEIKO】Hehe. I've got that covered.
【Rin】Huh?
【Len】Do you already have an idea for us, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】I do! Included in the many gifts Tsukasa and the others brought back was this museum pamphlet.
【MEIKO】It includes all these articles describing what life was like back then.
【MEIKO】So, why don't we use these to put a show together?
【Miku】Wow...! This could actually work☆
【KAITO】In that case, we should also prepare some props and costumes that are reminiscent of the time period.
【Len】Yeah, great idea!
【Rin】Hehe♪ I wanna wear a cute one-piece dress like the one Emu had on☆
【Len】I wanna try on a kimono! I saw some pictures of people wearing hats with them!
【KAITO】Also, we can use the diorama as a reference for our set. We should be able to achieve a nice atmosphere if we accurately recreate some of these buildings.
【MEIKO】I agree! We can maybe even use some of the souvenirs the others brought back as props. That just leaves...
【MEIKO】What about these vehicles in the diorama...?
【MEIKO】I thought they were regular cars at first, but they look a little different. Do any of you know what they are?
【KAITO】Oh, I think they called those...three-wheel trucks.
【MEIKO】Three-wheel trucks...?
【KAITO】Yes, automobiles with only three wheels. Rui showed me a few pictures. They were apparently very common back in that era.
【MEIKO】Let's build one!!!
【Len】Huh?!
【KAITO】B-Build one...?
【MEIKO】Yes, let's build ourselves a three-wheel truck!
【MEIKO】I'm seeing quite a few in this diorama. Does that mean they were a common sight back then?
【MEIKO】There's even one in the manga printed in this pamphlet! Here, look...
【Miku】Hey, she's right! It says, “These were a common mode of transportation during the Showa period”☆
【MEIKO】See what I mean? It's in this pamphlet, so that means we have to have one in our show to make it feel real.
【KAITO】W-Wait...! We're really going to make one of these...?
【MEIKO】Obviously! We're going to blow everyone away with our show, aren't we?
【Rin】Cool! SEKAI's gonna be so much more fun with one of these around☆
【Len】We could all take it for a spin around SEKAI!
【Miku】I wanna do that♪ I'll do whatever you need to help make it☆
【MEIKO】Hehe♪ That's what I like to hear!
【KAITO】Th-This could get really out of hand...
【Luka】Zzz... Zzz...
【MEIKO】Luka, wake up! You're going to help too!
[Sound] se00121_b
【Luka】Mhm... MEIKO, not so rough...
【MEIKO】Anyway, everyone!
【MEIKO】Let's make ourselves a three-wheel truck!!
【Len, Miku & Rin】Yeah! Yeah☆
[Sound] bgm00000
