【Akiyama Mizuki — Designing My Own Tomorrow〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Akiyama Mizuki
Card: Designing My Own Tomorrow（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Tying Tomorrow's Ribbon
scenarioId: 020046_mizuki01

[Background Change] bg_e000501
[Caption] Empty SEKAI
【Mizuki】Thanks for coming, everyone!
【Mizuki】There we go...! I'll start passing out the snacks and souvenirs Toya and the others brought back from the US!
[Sound] se00055_b
【Kanade】I was wondering what was in these big paper bags. They're all full of snacks and souvenirs?
【Mizuki】Hehe. Yeah, I was shocked too when Toya handed them to me. I was like, “All this?! Are you sure?!”
【Mafuyu】I'm surprised that he had them on hand, considering how sporadically you go to school.
【Mizuki】Believe it or not, he asked the teachers about me. He made sure to bring them when he knew that I'd actually be there.
【Rin】He seems like a nice person...
【Ena】That's Toya for you.
【Ena】Oh, I also got a bunch of stuff from Akito, so let me pass those out too while we're here.
【Mizuki】Okay! Then, let's get everything out!
[Sound] se00055_b
【Mizuki】First, this is one of the most famous American chocolate brands!
【Miku】That's cute. They're little triangles...
【Mizuki】And I'm sure we're all familiar with these cream-filled cookie sandwiches!
【Luka】Oh, these are the snacks you bring over every so often for our birthday and anniversary parties.
【Mafuyu】Oh, right. These are originally American, aren't they?
【Mizuki】That's right! And they apparently bought us some flavors that you can only get over there.
[Sound] se00055_b
【Mizuki】These are filled with peanut butter, and these ones are... Birthday-cake flavored?
【Kanade】Birthday cake...?
【Len】What do you think they taste like?
【Mizuki】We'll just have to try them and find out!
【Ena】I've set out everything I got, so try whatever you like.
【Kanade】Thanks. Then, let's eat.
【Mafuyu】Let's eat.
【Miku & Co.】Let's eat...
【Rin】I wanna try some of the chocolates your brother bought for you, Ena.
【Ena】Have at it. This one's in a thin bar, but it's apparently filled with caramel.
【Kanade】Oh, you're right. It's really good...
【Len】Birthday cake flavor really does taste just like cake...
【Mizuki】Yeah, I think I really like these!
【Kanade】Come to think of it, Ena, your brother and his team went over to see a music event in the United States, right?
【Ena】Yeah, it was apparently pretty wild. He said there were tens of thousands of people there.
【Mizuki】Yeah, I think I heard a hundred thousand!
【Kanade】A hundred thousand... It must've been huge.
【Mizuki】Yeah, that's a crazy number.
【Mizuki】Not only did they have a bunch of world-famous artists there, they covered a huge range of genres, they said. Sounds like it was a real blast.
【Mizuki】And the crowd apparently bounced off the walls the entire time! Their cheers sent shockwaves through the air, and they made the ground shake just by jumping in time with the music.
【Mafuyu】That seems possible, with tens of thousands of people.
【Kanade】*Nod*
【Kanade】If it was that amazing, I can understand wanting to see it live, I guess.
【Mizuki】Me too! Man, I'm super jealous. I wish I could go overseas for a vacation.
【Rin】Is there somewhere you wanna go...?
【Mizuki】Huh? Hmm... Not exactly, but still...
【Mizuki】Oh, but I might be interested in going to Europe since my big sis lives over there!
【Mizuki】Imagine walking through a street straight out of the Middle Ages! I'd be like a fairytale protagonist!
【Ena】Hmm... I'd want to visit Paris.
【Ena】I mean, there's nothing more photogenic than one of those super exclusive spas by the sea where celebrities go.
【Mizuki】Haha! That reason suits you so well, Ena!
【Ena】Wait, are you making fun of me?
【Mizuki】No, I'm not!
【Miku】What about you and Kanade, Mafuyu?
【Mafuyu】Peru...
【Len】Umm...
【Mafuyu】It's a country far to the south of the United States.
【Mafuyu】There are glyphs called Nazca lines there. They're so big, you can only see what they look like from the sky.
【Mafuyu】I saw on the news the other day that one of Japan's universities is helping preserve them.
【Mizuki】People talk all the time on TV and in magazines about how they're one of the Seven Wonders of the World! I can totally see why you'd want to see them in person!
【Ena】What about you, Kanade? Is there any place you'd like to visit?
【Kanade】Huh? Umm...
【Kanade】Easter Island...?
【Luka】What's there?
【Mafuyu】It's famous as home to the moai. They're huge stone statues with big faces.
【Ena】I wasn't expecting you to say that you were interested in seeing the moai, Kanade...
【Mizuki】Were you influenced by Mafuyu's Nazca lines? They're both in South America, right?
【Kanade】*Nod* And there's something similar in Shibuya.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Mizuki】Everything was delicious!
[Sound] bgm00180
【Kanade】Thank you for sharing these with us, Ena, Mizuki.
【Miku】These snacks were really good.
【Ena】You're welcome. Well, we're not the ones who bought them, really.
【Mizuki】But this ended up being really fun because we got to talk about a bunch of stuff!
【Mizuki】I'm sure Sis will be coming back to Japan again soon enough, so we should be able to chat while having yummy snacks again!
[Sound] bgm00000
