【Mochizuki Honami — Rest Well〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Mochizuki Honami
Card: Rest Well（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: First Star After the Rain
scenarioId: 003005_honami01

[Background Change] bg_a000601
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy
【Saki】Hooooona♪
[Sound] se00121
【Honami】Ah! Saki! You've recovered from your cold already?
【Saki】Yup! I'm as healthy as can be, as you can see!
【Honami】That's good. I'm glad you're all better now.
【Saki】Yeah. Thanks for taking me home the other day.
【Saki】Now I'm all recovered, and my appetite is great too!
【Saki】Speaking of appetite, do you wanna have lunch together today? I'll ask Ichi and Shiho too!
【Honami】Okay. I'll see you at lunch time, then.
[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Class 1-B
【Honami】Hello.
【Honami's Classmate A】Morning. You were talking with Tenma just now?
【Honami】Huh? Yes, but how did you know?
【Honami's Classmate B】Because Tenma called your name so loudly, we could hear it all the way from the classroom.
【Honami's Classmate A】She said something about being as healthy as can be, too.
【Honami's Classmate B】Actually, that caught my attention somewhat. Did Tenma fall sick again?
【Honami】Yes, a while ago. Oh, but she's completely fine now.
【Honami's Classmate A】Okay, that's great!
【Honami】Thanks for your concern for her, though.
【Honami's Classmate B】Hehe. You're welcome!
【Honami's Classmate A】Huh? What's with that weird grin on your face? Hehe... Hehehe...
【Honami's Classmate B】Hey! It's not THAT funny!
【Honami】Hehehe.
【Honami's Classmate A】But it must be nice to be together with your childhood friends like that.
【Honami】Hm?
【Honami's Classmate A】Well, I had a childhood friend too, but she moved away when we were still in elementary school.
【Honami's Classmate A】We wrote to each other for a while, but one day, she just stopped replying.
【Honami】Hmm...
【Honami's Classmate A】That's why I think it's really nice that you're getting along so well with your childhood friends even now.
【Honami】I had no idea...but thank you for telling me about your experience.
【Honami's Classmate A】Haha. You did tell us what was important to you too! So I thought it's probably okay to share mine.
【Honami's Classmate B】Oh, you're such a nice girl!
【Honami's Classmate A】Hey, stop that! Stop clinging to me!
【Honami's Classmate B】I would never have stopped writing to such a nice girl like you! Right, Honami?
【Honami】Hehe. That's right!
【Honami】(Both of them are so kind.)
【Honami】(After entering high school, I managed to patch things up with Ichika, Shiho and Saki.)
【Honami】(And because of that, I even made these wonderful friends in class. I'm so grateful.)
【Honami】(I have to keep treasuring everyone.)
【Honami's Classmate A】Hey, we should probably studying for that first period quiz.
【Honami's Classmate B】Huh? Quiz? What're we having in the first period again?
【Honami】Mathematics.
【Honami's Classmate B】No way! I haven't done any studying for it at all! H-Honami...
【Honami】Sure. I'll tell you what sections are more likely to appear in the quiz.
【Honami's Classmate B】I knew I could count on you, Honami! Thanks!
【Honami】Hehe, you're most welcome.
[Sound] bgm00000
