【Momoi Airi — Captivated By Cuteness〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: Captivated By Cuteness（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Wishing to the Blue Sky for Your Happiness!
scenarioId: 007017_airi02

[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
[Sound] se00104
【Shizuku】Thank you for waiting, Airi. I'm sorry for cutting it so close.
【Airi】You're not late or anything, so you don't have to apologize. Anyway, did everything go okay at home?
【Shizuku】Yes, that's all been settled.
【Airi】Alright, that means we're free to enjoy this exhibit! Oh, did you make sure to bring your ticket?
【Shizuku】Of course! I've been holding onto it since before I went to sleep last night to ensure that I didn't forget it♪
【Airi】Before you went to sleep? I'm actually kinda surprised that you didn't lose it...
【Shizuku】Hehe. I kept it safe. Also, I've been looking forward to this since hearing that Ms. Kawasaki's photo of us would be on display.
【Airi】Right, since the entries that won awards from the photo contest she entered into are being showcased during this exhibit.
【Airi】But the theme was “happiness”... What do you think the other winning entries are gonna be like?
【Shizuku】Oh, Airi, why don't we make some predictions on our way over?
【Airi】Yeah, that sounds fun! Let's do that!
【Shizuku】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001001
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Airi】That exhibit was better than I expected!
【Shizuku】Yes, it was. The sheer number of photos on display was so astounding too.
【Airi】Yeah! Some other people went with wedding scenes, like Ms. Kawasaki, but I was surprised by how many pictures of animals there were.
【Shizuku】Hehe. The one with the big dog lovingly watching over that little newborn really left an impression on me.
【Airi】The way it gazed at that baby was so gentle too. It was just so heartwarming.
【Airi】Hehe. Those pictures capture many different kinds of “happiness”, but I've gotta say, the ones of families topped them all.
【Shizuku】Yes, everyone in those photos looked like they couldn't be happier.
【Airi】Oh, speaking of pictures of families, one really stuck out to me.
【Shizuku】Oh, which one?
【Airi】Hehe. I'm sure you remember, Shizuku.
【Airi】The one where the dad has his two kids sat on his lap while they all cheer and wave glow sticks as they watch a DVD of an idol concert together.
【Airi】And I really loved the title. “Calling All Fans!!”
【Shizuku】Yes, I remember! The three of them had such adorable smiles on their faces!
【Airi】Yeah, they did. Not only that, their living room was covered wall to wall with idol merch.
【Airi】They must be serious fans since I noticed that they had some limited edition stuff.
【Shizuku】They did? I saw that they had quite an assortment of merchandise, but I didn't realize some of those things were limited edition.
【Airi】Heh heh. There's a reason I research idols, you know?
【Airi】Also, I couldn't help but take a closer look since it really made me happy.
【Shizuku】Happy?
【Airi】Yeah. I mean, they're following idols as a family. Isn't that great?
【Airi】Just think about it. That means we could also be making an entire family smile like this.
【Shizuku】You're right! That'd make me so happy if we have!
【Airi】Exactly!
【Airi】And when those kids are big enough, they might even get to go see some shows together!
【Shizuku】Oh, that sounds so wonderful!
【Shizuku】By the way, do you think it was the mother who took this photo?
【Airi】Yeah, I've gotta think it was someone from that family.
【Airi】You really can't capture these sorts of happy and heartwarming moments unless you're a part of that family, you know?
【Shizuku】Yes, I agree. When I saw that photo, the image of the person taking it having just a big smile on their face popped into my head.
【Airi】*Sigh* We really got to see some incredible works today. I couldn't be more satisfied.
【Shizuku】Me neither. That exhibit really reminded us that happiness comes in all shapes and sizes.
【Airi】Yeah!
【Airi】Hehe. And as idols who want to spread hope, we have to keep doing our best to get others to feel what we did today!
【Shizuku】Right! The four of us, together!
【Airi】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
