【Tenma Tsukasa — A Rush Of Excitement〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: A Rush Of Excitement（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: A Sad Farewell at the Curtain Call
scenarioId: 013019_tsukasa01

[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Nene】“Hmph... You're a machine. Speak when you are spoken to.”
【Tsukasa】“Understood. Please excuse my insolence.”
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000202
[Sound] bgm00024
【Rui】Okay, this seems like a good place to end for today.
【Asahi】Alright, everyone, nice work today!
【Tsukasa】Nice work!
【Tsukasa】(That last scene didn't go the way I'd hoped.)
【Tsukasa】(I'm definitely still having trouble gauging just how much human expression I'm supposed to be using...)
【Tsukasa】“Understood. Please excuse my insolence.”
【Tsukasa】Hmm... No, that isn't right either... I'm giving a quick response like I should, but I need to hold back my emotions less.
[Sound] se00143
【Emu】Tsukasa☆
【Nene】Nice work today. About the last scene we just did...
【Tsukasa】“Understood. Please excuse my insolence.”
【Tsukasa】No, now I'm emoting a bit too much.
【Tsukasa】However, this is the scene where he decides to speak to Sergeant Willis after seeing her at odds with herself. I doubt he's going to be completely devoid of emotions...
【Emu】Yup yup! I agree!
【Nene】Same. I know it's not easy, but I think you should be a little more expressive.
【Tsukasa】I had a feeling... But you're right. Let's try to... Wait, Emu?! Nene?!
【Emu】Hehe. You finally noticed!
【Tsukasa】How long have you two been here? Also, were you listening to everything I said just now?!
【Nene】Hold on. You really didn't think anyone else would hear...?
【Rui】Hehe. For a conversation that you thought you were having with yourself, it was very audible.
【Tsukasa】What?! Rui?! Asahi?! You're also here?!
【Asahi】I know how you feel. I also had trouble getting a good grasp of that part.
【Tsukasa】You too, Asahi?
【Asahi】Yes. It's so difficult to gauge how much of which emotions to use...
【Asahi】Which in turn changes the image of how I envision Bartlett speaking and behaving in the later scenes.
【Rui】You did seem to deliberately act more robotically there towards the end.
【Asahi】He's being reprogrammed by the military, so it seemed appropriate to show how his humanity is being chipped away.
【Asahi】However, despite slowly losing his humanity, something seems to linger and persist within Bartlett.
【Asahi】That something is what I believe caused Bartlett to say what he does to Sergeant Willis.
【Tsukasa】Something lingering inside him... How that scene is portrayed may vary greatly depending on what that actually is...
【Asahi】It's just my interpretation, but I hope that helps.
【Tsukasa】Yes, very!
【Tsukasa】I'll take that into account while thinking more about this scene. And I'll return tomorrow ready to give a better performance!
【Asahi】That's great! I'm looking forward to seeing what you come up with!
【Tsukasa】Thank you very much! I promise to find an answer that I feel is satisfactory!
【Nene】Hey, don't forget to tell me too. I'm the one who has to do that scene with you.
【Tsukasa】Ah, I won't! Don't worry!
【Tsukasa】(Strange... I wasn't able to give my best performance today, but I feel fantastic.)
【Tsukasa】(This is completely different from what I went through when trying to play Thorpe. Maybe it's because I'm not as lost as I was that time.)
【Tsukasa】(It's as if each of my experiences is guiding me and telling me what to do...)
【Tsukasa】Anyway, I'll be going now! See you all tomorrow!
[Sound] se00049
【Emu】See you tomorrow, Tsukasa!
【Asahi】He really is interesting... And such a conscientious actor.
【Rui】Yes, he is.
[Sound] bgm00000
