【Yoisaki Kanade — Thinking Of Who It's For〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Yoisaki Kanade
Card: Thinking Of Who It's For（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Memories That Come With The Scent of Candles
scenarioId: 017023_kanade01

[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Caption] Shopping Mall
[Sound] se00172
【Ichika】I'm glad we were able to find some scented oils that we liked.
【Kanade】Me too. There were so many at first that I really didn't know which to choose...
【Nene】But we really started having fun partway through.
【Honami】Hehe. I'm glad you all enjoyed yourselves.
【Honami】Next, why don't we choose some flowers to put inside our scented candles?
【Kanade】Flowers?
【Honami】Yes, dried flowers to be exact. They can help give a candle a more elegant look when placed inside of its wax.
【Kanade】(Come to think of it...)
[Sound] se00053
【Kanade】Oh wow. This one looks like it has a flower inside it...
【Ichika】I believe that's a hydrangea. It's so vivid and pretty...
【Ichika】It looks like they have several with different species of flowers in them. Oh, this one even has an orange and other fruits in it.
【Nene】It does. That's really cute... The others would probably be so startled if I made something like this.
【Kanade】(That means our candles might turn out like the ones we saw earlier.)
【Kanade】(They'd look so pretty and colorful. Ena and the others would probably like that.)
[Sound] se00172
【Honami】Found it! Right over here.
【Nene】Wow, they have so many different kinds of dried flowers. Um... This one looks kinda familiar, but I forget its name...
【Ichika】That's baby's-breath. The ones next to them are petunias and... Oh, they even have lavender and starflowers!
【Kanade】You really do know your flowers, Hoshino.
【Ichika】No, just their names if I'm going to be honest...
【Honami】Hehe. The truth is, I'm always asking Ichika for advice regarding which flowers to take over to your house, Ms. Yoisaki.
【Honami】Not only can she tell me what's in season, but she can also tell me about their symbolism.
【Nene】Really? That's incredible...!
【Ichika】No, it's nothing special. This is just a hobby of mine...
【Kanade】But I really appreciate what you do. The flowers you suggest have this way of brightening up my house.
【Kanade】So, would you mind helping me pick out some today?
【Nene】Oh, can you help me too...?
【Ichika】In that case, I'd be more than happy to.
【Honami】We should have just enough room to fit one of these larger flowers, so please keep that in mind. Outside of that, you should be free to choose whatever you like.
【Kanade】Then, we'll probably want to choose ones that go with each candle's design.
【Ichika】Right. We can also choose ones that are in season...
【Ichika】For example, pheasant's-eye and daffodils... Plum blossoms and camellias should also be in bloom soon.
【Kanade】Pheasant's-eye...? Oh, these. They come in such a beautiful yellow.
【Nene】They have an interesting name too. I wonder what they symbolize...
【Ichika】Oh, they're supposed to symbolize “forthcoming happiness” or “eternal good fortune”.
【Nene】Wow, you knew that off the top of your head...? You really do know a lot about flowers.
【Honami】Hehe. Why don't we keep asking our teacher Ms. Ichika here any questions that we have while choosing our flowers?
【Ichika】What?! Ms. Ichika?!
【Nene】Thank you for doing this, Ms. Ichika.
【Kanade】I need to thank you as well, Ms. Ichika.
【Ichika】Y-You're both going along with this?! Again, what I do is really nothing special...!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Nene】Thank you for teaching us so much today, Hoshino. I was able to pick out the right flowers because of you.
[Sound] bgm00180
【Kanade】Me too. You teaching us what our flowers symbolize helped so much. Thank you.
【Ichika】No, I had fun as well. When I was double-checking, it was interesting to learn that certain flowers symbolized other things on top of what I already knew.
【Honami】Hehe. Thank you very much, Ms. Ichika.
【Honami】All that's left is to make our candles.
【Kanade】Right.
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a000000
[Background Change] bg_a001701
【Kanade】(I hope our candles turn out well. And I really hope everyone likes them.)
[Sound] bgm00000
