【Megurine Luka — Gentle Wake-Up Call〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Megurine Luka
Card: Gentle Wake-Up Call（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Deeper and Deeper
scenarioId: 024047_luka02

[Background Change] bg_d002501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Luka】This way, everyone.
【Luka】Are we all still together?
【Plushies】Yeah!
【Plushie A】Where do you think she's taking us today?
【Plushie B】Probably another really amazing place! I can't wait!
【Luka】Hehe. Yes, it's a very fun place.
【Luka】A place where the sky is blue, the clouds are fluffy and the sea is so sparkly and beautiful...
【Luka】It's the perfect place to take a nap♪
【Plushie A】Wow! That sounds really nice! I can't wait to take a nap there!
【KAITO's Voice】Everyone!
【Luka】Oh, that sounds like KAITO...
【Plushie B】Hey, look! He's over there!
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_4
【MEIKO】We were wondering where you'd gone. You were with the plushies.
【Rin】What are you guys doing? Going for a walk?
【Luka】We were taking a napping tour.
【KAITO】A napping tour...?
【KAITO】Umm... What does that actually involve?
【Miku】I don't know, but it sounds fun☆
【Luka】It's very fun.
【Luka】We're going around to all of the best napping spots that I've discovered and trying them out.
【Rin】So you're taking naps in lots of different places?
【Luka】That's right.
【Len】Hey, that does sound like fun! We'll get to have so many different dreams!
【Luka】Hehe. Yes, we will. I strongly recommend sleeping on the stage.
【Rin】The stage?
【Luka】Yes, it's very fun. When you sleep on the stage, you get to have dreams about all kinds of shows.
【Luka】I suggest sleeping there whenever you feel like taking a smile-filled nap.
【Miku】Wow, that sounds wonderful!
【Len】I always wondered why you spent so much time sleeping on the stage. It's one of your favorite spots!
【Rin】But I'm still not sure how to feel...
【Luka】Hehe. It's perfectly safe. Why don't we all try taking a nap together♪
【Luka】There's also... Oh, the ship. I recommend that too.
【Len】The Pegasus Special Deluxe Wonder?
【Luka】Yes, it's nice to get rocked to sleep while listening to the waves.
【KAITO】It does sound very appealing when you put it that way.
【MEIKO】I agree. I might go take a nap there sometime.
【Luka】The Ferris wheel and hot air balloon are also fun places to take naps.
【Len】Wait, the hot air balloon?!
【Rin】Aren't you afraid of falling, sleeping up that high?
【Luka】It's like sleeping on a cloud. It's very nice and comfy.
【MEIKO】You've taken naps in so many different places...!
【KAITO】We'll be sure to check the Ferris wheel and hot air balloon the next time we can't find you, Luka...
【KAITO】But still, I didn't realize our SEKAI offered so many different sleep experiences.
【Miku】I feel like taking a nap now!
【Rin】Me too! Me too!
【Luka】Then, why don't you all join the napping tour too?
【Len】Woohoo!
【MEIKO】Hehe. This is turning into a very relaxing day.
【Luka】If you all have fun, then I'd like to invite Tsukasa and the others next time.
【KAITO】It sounded like their show for the workshop is finished, so it would be nice to give them an opportunity to relax.
【Luka】Hehe. Napping with everyone... That sounds very enjoyable.
[Sound] bgm00000
