【Tenma Tsukasa — Dance! And! Sing!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: Dance! And! Sing!（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Popping in My Heart!
scenarioId: 013014_tsukasa02

[Background Change] bg_d000202
[Caption] A few days after returning
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Everyone, let's begin exchanging information regarding what we all learned from our trip to Riley Dream Park!
【Emu】Yeah!
【Tsukasa】You all made sure to write everything down, right?!
【Emu】Yeah!
【Nene】I missed this... We were only gone for a few days, but this idiotic banter really makes it feel like we've come home.
【Rui】Hehe. We definitely had plenty to discuss while we were in the U.S., but there really is nothing quite like being back at the Wonder Stage.
【Tsukasa】Nene, Rui! Focus! Do you have your lists ready?
【Nene】Yeah, yeah. Also, we're just bouncing ideas off each other, not having a focused discussion.
【Nene】I get that you're excited about getting back on stage but we need to get back to practicing, so can we get this over with?
【Tsukasa】Yes, you're right. Alright, let's begin!
【Emu】Oh, me! Pick me! When I saw how big and sparkly the main entrance was, I yelled, “Wowee♪”
【Tsukasa】Ah, I see! What did she mean by that, Rui...?
【Rui】You could try a little harder...
【Rui】The main entrance was indeed spectacular and does a very good job of getting all the visitors excited about the park. I was impressed by it as well.
【Emu】Yeah, what he said♪
【Tsukasa】You expected me to figure all that out?!
【Tsukasa】However, I felt the same thing. That park had a way of overwhelming visitors with its majesty.
【Nene】Me too. My favorite part was when all these buildings and objects I'd seen in the movies came into view after passing through the gate. I really felt like a kid again.
【Rui】Not only that, each area had a wonderful design to it.
【Rui】Of course, the castle from “The Little Kingdom” was magnificent, but I was absolutely staggered by how realistic the “Jungle Music” area felt.
【Tsukasa】We even got to hear how they consulted with actual botanists, constructed those imitation trees and even researched how jungles smell.
【Emu】Yeah! It totally felt like we were in a real jungle!
【Nene】Still, the shows we saw were the biggest surprise for me. They were all way too good.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Nene】Every time from start to finish, I was on the edge of my seat waiting to see what happens next.
【Rui】Yes, how each cast member portrayed their respective characters and the quality of their action sequences blew me away.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Rui】In particular, that one wire stunt... They somehow made it seem as if they weren't using any wires or contraptions at all.
【Rui】But they must also know some clever tricks to be able to pull that off...
【Tsukasa】And above all else, the sheer acting ability of each cast member was beyond astonishing.
【Tsukasa】They all stayed in character even while putting on those wire harnesses during that one scene. It was as if they'd somehow become a part of their characters' costumes...
【Rui】I agree. Normally, you'd put them on while off the stage, but they made it a part of their act.
【Tsukasa】Exactly...
【Tsukasa】(If I were to do that scene right now, I doubt I'd be able to maintain my composure the way they did.)
【Tsukasa】(I can't even begin to imagine how much they had to practice to achieve such acting ability...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d001101
[Background Change] bg_d000202
【Tsukasa】(The king and prince especially... Their struggle seemed so real... They felt... Alive...)
【Rui】Tsukasa...? Hello...?
【Tsukasa】...!
【Rui】You seemed deep in thought just now. Is something bothering you?
【Tsukasa】Ah, sorry. I was just going over that one show we saw in my head.
【Nene】I know how you feel. The scenes that completely blew me away immediately pop back into my head every time I start thinking about that show.
【Emu】Yeah! Because it really was a super amazing show!
【Rui】Indeed. We should thank Mr. Riley for giving us the chance to see it.
【Tsukasa】Yes, we definitely should!
【Tsukasa】Alright, I believe that's everything in terms of what impressed us the most during our trip!
【Emu】Yup! I've got everything written down too☆
【Nene】Thanks, Emu.
【Nene】But it might take a while until we're able to use some of these ideas in our shows.
【Tsukasa】To be fair, our stage, as well as this park, aren't exactly on the same scale.
【Tsukasa】But we can use what we learned to make up for that!
【Rui】I agree. I'm sure we'll be drawing upon what we experienced quite a bit moving forward.
【Emu】Yup yup♪ My heart's going vroom-vroom already☆
【Tsukasa】As is mine!
【Tsukasa】Since we're setting out to put on shows that can make everybody smile, we'll need to put a polish on our existing ones first!
【Emu, Nene & Rui】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
