【Shinonome Akito — A Winter Evening Chat〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Shinonome Akito
Card: A Winter Evening Chat（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Same Dreams, Same Colors
scenarioId: 011012_akito01

[Background Change] bg_e001301
[Sound] se00309
[Caption] Aboard a train
[Sound] se00309
【Akito】Having time to relax is great and all, but I think I'm starting to get bored...
【Toya】Well, in that case, there's something I'd like to ask you... That is, if you don't mind...
【Akito】Ask me what?
【Toya】You mentioned how you and your family have been to this campground before, yes?
【Toya】Would you mind telling me more about what you did that time? I'd like to get a preview of where we're going if possible.
【Akito】A preview...? Yeah, that makes sense knowing you...
【An】Oh, I wanna hear too!
【Kohane】Me too!
【Akito】Alright, settle down. I will since we have time to kill.
【Akito】I remember the time we went camping when I was in sixth grade the best. We went during spring break after my dad suddenly decided to take us on a trip...
【An】Really? Not during summer?
【Akito】Yeah, according to him, it gets too crowded because of all the tourists.
【Akito】We went for three days and two nights that time...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_c001501
【Akito】We started by pitching a tent together... After that, we played around until it was time to eat.
【Akito】Well, by we I mean, Ena, my mom and myself.
【Kohane】Wait, what about your dad?
【Akito】Oh, he was there to paint the mountains, the scenery and us running around...
【Akito】He even drew pictures of us while we went fishing down by this river that was nearby.
【Toya】To be fair, he's a professional artist. I'm guessing that he was looking for some sort of inspiration for his work.
【Akito】Who knows? Oh, but Ena did throw him into the river for not giving her enough attention.
【An】I can sympathize with her there. You were there as a family, so it's normal to want to spend time together.
[Background Change] bg_e001301
【Kohane】Hehe. By the way, did you manage to catch any fish?
【Akito】Not even a nibble.
【Akito】The worst part was how I could see them in the water. After a while, I thought that it'd be faster to just use my hands to catch them, but that didn't work either...
【Toya】I can see that look of frustration on you now. Do you remember doing anything else?
【Akito】We smashed watermelons...
【Toya】You did? By a river?
【Akito】Hey, there's no rule saying that you have to smash them at the beach.
【An】Yeah! You can dunk them in the river to get them all nice and cold!
【Toya】I see... So it's a different way of enjoying the same activity.
【Akito】Yup.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Akito】(Also, I guess that was the last time we went camping as a family...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_e000303
[Background Change] bg_e001301
【Akito】...
【Toya】Is something wrong, Akito?
【Akito】No, I was just trying to remember what else we did that time...
【Akito】Anyway, that was probably the most fun I had while camping.
[Sound] bgm00018
【Akito】Did it help?
【Toya】Yes, it did. The part about smashing watermelons by a river was very interesting.
【Akito】That's what drew your attention?
【Kohane】You used to go camping a lot too, right, An?
【An】Not as much as you think since we had to keep the cafe going.
【An】But I do remember going fishing and stuff whenever we did go. My dad actually likes to fish as a hobby.
【Akito】Ken fishes?
【An】Yeah! You won't see it on our menu or anything, but he'll prep and cook the fish he catches for us from time to time.
【Akito】From scratch? Seriously?
【An】I know, right? I can remove the innards and stuff, but don't really know how to cook a fish besides grilling it...
【An】Anyway, that can wait until next time! Our main goal right now is to go check out a forest!
【Akito】Next time? Our current trip's hardly started yet.
【Kohane】Hehe. But it might be fun to go fishing with you guys. Who do you think would get the first catch?
【An】Well, it's a sport that rewards patience, so my bet's on Toya or Kohane.
【Akito】Hey, I get that you wouldn't have any luck, but what are you throwing me under the bus for?
【An】Because you're the kind of person who thinks about jumping into a river to catch fish instead of using a rod.
【Akito】That's ancient history!
【Kohane & An】Hehe. Haha!
【Akito】Ugh...
【Toya】Akito...
【Akito】Hm?
【Toya】I'm really looking forward to this trip.
【Akito】Yeah, so am I...
[Sound] bgm00000
