【Tenma Saki — The Ace!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: The Ace!（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Ordinary, Yet Special Us
scenarioId: 002048_saki02

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Saki】Humhumhumm♪ Humhmhumm♪
【Saki】Hehe. I ended up buying so much stuff. I can't wait to see what Ichi and the others bring!
[Sound] se00046_b
【Luka】You're here much earlier than usual, Saki.
【Saki】Hi, Luka! The thing is, I need to get some stuff set up!
【Luka】Set up...? Oh, the bag you're holding is full of snacks and juice. Are you having a party?
【Saki】Yes! After practice, we're gonna throw a “Let's Keep Doing Our Best Together” party!
【Luka】That sounds like fun. Also, the title for your party... Did you come up with it, Saki?
【Saki】Huh? Yes, that's right... How did you know?!
【Luka】Hehe. Because it had you written all over it.
【Luka】Hold on a second. Are you throwing this party because of what happened the other day?
【Saki】Oh...
【Saki】Yes, that's right.
【Saki】I know we told you guys all about it the other day, but it was such a strange dream. I honestly wished that some of the things that happened were real...
【Saki】But even though the us in that dream were all friends, we weren't really close.
【Saki】The me in that dream thought it was a sad situation, but she didn't do anything to fix it. That was really frustrating...
【Luka】Saki...
【Saki】But I was also able to make some really important realizations!
【Saki】How we get to work as a band every single day, go to school and study together...
【Saki】We can't take any of those things for granted.
【Saki】So... How do I put it? I want to cherish the time we get to spend together even more!
【Saki】That's why I suggested we throw a “Let's Keep Doing Our Best Together” party!
【Luka】Hehe. That's so wonderful. I'm sure Ichika and the others feel the same way.
【Saki】Hehe♪ I'm guessing they're out buying their favorite snacks right now.
【Luka】Is that so? I'm looking forward to seeing what they all bring.
【Saki】Oh...!
【Luka】Right on cue.
【Ichika】Right on cue...?
【Shiho】Are you planning something weird again?
【Saki】Heh heh heh. Who's to say?!
【Saki】More importantly, did you all remember to bring snacks today?
【Honami】Yes, I bought some cookies and madeleines at the shop I mentioned the other day.
【Honami】Their baked goods are really delicious and have the perfect texture.
【Saki】Wow, they smell delicious! They probably are amazing!
【Ichika】I decided to buy some drinks since I knew that you'd all be getting snacks.
【Ichika】I knew you'd be getting drinks too, Saki... But I figured it wouldn't be easy to bring enough for everyone on your own.
【Saki】Thanks so much, Ichi! Now we can have as much as we like to drink during our party!
【Shiho】Ichika's drinks balance things out between us. I sorta just bought these without much thought.
【Saki】Wow, an assorted set of snacks! Did you get this for me, Shiho?!
【Shiho】No, they're for everyone. Lemme guess, Saki. You bought a bunch of potato chips like usual.
【Saki】Hehe. That's right♪ I can't wait to have them with you guys!
【Honami】I understand why you're excited, but they'll have to wait until we've finished practicing.
【Ichika】You, Miku and the others are also invited, Luka. We'll need to tell them later.
【Luka】Oh, we can join?
【Saki】Of course! We want to take this opportunity to say, “We look forward to working with you guys moving forward!”
【Luka】Thank you all very much.
【Luka】But first, practice. I'll go get Miku and them.
[Sound] se00047_b
【Shiho】Alright, we should get everything set up.
【Saki】Okay!
【Saki】(Hehe. I can't wait to have that party with everyone! Also...)
[Sound] se00053_b
【Saki】How we get to work as a band every single day, go to school and study together...
【Saki】We can't take any of those things for granted.
【Saki】Ichi! Hona! Shiho! Let's have another great practice today!
【Ichika, Honami & Shiho】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
