【Mochizuki Honami — Test Of Courage 2?!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Mochizuki Honami
Card: Test Of Courage 2?!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Wonderhorror?! A Test of Courage!
scenarioId: 003038_honami01

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] After school
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Vacant Classroom
[Sound] se00046_b
【Honami】Phew... We managed to make it to the meeting on time.
【Kohane】I thought for sure we were going to be late because of how long that assembly was taking.
【Kohane】Anyway, why don't we sit over in those empty chairs there?
【Honami】Yes, let's.
[Sound] se00347_b
【Kohane】What do you think we'll be doing today?
【Honami】Hmm... We took care of the flower beds in the courtyard last time, so if we follow the same schedule as last year...
[Sound] se00046_b
【Cleanup Committee Member】Alright, I'd like to get this meeting started.
【Cleanup Committee Member】Many flowers are blooming beautifully now because of the wonderful work you did with their beds last time.
【Cleanup Committee Member】So, just like last year, I'd like for us to pick a few flowers to put in vases to display around the school.
【Kohane】Oh... Does that mean we get to choose the flowers?
【Cleanup Committee Member】I'll be assigning you all your own locations, but you'll only have a limited time to choose which flowers you'd like to use. The vases are stored in...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002201
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] Courtyard
【Honami】Then, let's try choosing from this bed.
【Kohane】Okay!
【Kohane】I see flowers displayed around the school from time to time, but I didn't know that the cleanup committee was responsible for them.
【Kohane】I always thought they were pretty, but never really considered who was placing them there...
【Honami】The cleanup committee comes to school very early in the morning to do it, so it makes sense that you wouldn't notice.
【Honami】Also, different flowers bloom during different parts of the year, so we can't keep the school decorated year-round.
【Honami】But for that very reason, I'd like to choose a flower that will help brighten up everyone's day, even just a little bit.
【Kohane】I see...
【Kohane】I also want to do my best to choose a flower that everyone will think is beautiful!
【Honami】Yes, let's both do our best!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Kohane】Hmm... There really are a lot of different types here. I'm having trouble choosing...
[Sound] bgm00171
【Kohane】How do you always pick them, Honami?
【Honami】Well, I try to think about how people will feel when they see them...
【Kohane】How they're going to feel...?
【Honami】For example, these pink petunias are very cute, so they would cheer people up a little...
【Honami】On the other hand, this violet scarlet sage has a bit of a calming quality to it.
【Kohane】Right... It is important to think about what people will feel about them.
【Kohane】In that case, I want everyone in school to see just how cute flowers can be...
【Honami】Then, you have your choice of the petunia I just mentioned... Oh, or those white pansies over there!
【Kohane】Wow... Their petals are so adorably tiny!
【Kohane】Okay, I've made my decision. I'm choosing pansies. Thanks for the advice, Honami.
【Honami】Hehe. You're welcome.
【Honami】I hope everyone sees why you chose them, Kohane.
【Kohane】Me too!
【Kohane】Have you already made your decision, Honami?
【Honami】I have a list of candidates, but I'm having trouble choosing just one...
【Honami】The ones that look the most beautiful right now are the vervains, petunias and marigolds...
【Kohane】Wow, these marigolds have such a gorgeous color to them. Just looking at them makes me smile for some reason...
【Honami】I agree. I feel like these can help me get through my least favorite subjects.
【Honami】But it's also hard to say no to these petunias. I mean, they're just so cute. Which should I choose...?
【Honami】Oh...
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Background Change] bg_a002201
【Kohane】Is something the matter?
【Honami】So... I just remembered some flowers Ichika told me about the other day, as well as what they symbolize. Petunias were among them...
【Kohane】Really? What do petunias symbolize?
【Honami】If I recall... They symbolize tranquility or peace of mind.
【Kohane】Wow, that's so beautiful...!
【Honami】So, I think I'll also go with the petunias. Not only are they cute and pink...
【Honami】They symbolize the way I want everyone to feel. My hope is that these will be soothing and relaxing...
【Kohane】Yeah, that's really great...! They're also a great reflection of who you are!
【Honami】Hehe. Thank you. Then, I think we're both decided.
【Kohane】We're just making our choices today, right? We won't actually be putting them on display until later.
【Honami】Yes, but we'll need to get to school a little early... That being said, I'm sure everyone will appreciate seeing all these cute flowers everywhere.
【Honami】So, let's do our best to wake up early...!
【Kohane】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
