【Yoisaki Kanade — The World Shown Through Music〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Yoisaki Kanade
Card: The World Shown Through Music（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Scramble Fan Festival!
scenarioId: 017012_kanade01

[Background Change] bg_a001002
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Mizuki】Man, the Fan Festival was so much fun♪
【Ena】You were probably the most excited person there, Mizuki.
【Mizuki】I mean, it was kinda hard to believe how good everyone was!
【Mizuki】And the amateur division was just one surprise after another! Not only that, all these friends of friends ended up performing too!
【Mafuyu】Were you ever not surprised today...?
【Kanade】Hehe. But I think I understand what Mizuki's trying to say.
【Kanade】That one girl's performance almost sounded professional. When she sang that song from that one musical, you know?
【Mizuki】Yeah, totally! She stayed in character the entire time too...!
【Mizuki】I mean, seriously, I had a hard time believing what I was seeing.
【Ena】Yeah, she was pretty good.
【Ena】I didn't realize that the song she sang was a Miku song either until today.
【Mizuki】She's gotta be in a theatre company or troupe, right? She seemed completely used to performing on stage.
【Mizuki】“Amateur” officially, but basically pro quality, you know?
【Ena】Yeah, exactly. Also, remember that really cute girl who sang that super cool song?
【Ena】The second she started singing, she kinda just had the audience completely stunned...!
【Kanade】Oh, I remember. Her ability alone seemed to turn the entire venue on its head.
【Kanade】I can only remember what she sounded like, but she sounded like a seasoned veteran too.
【Ena】Wow! I'm not really an expert when it comes to music, but that's pretty big coming from you, Kanade!
【Mizuki】Was there anyone you liked, Kanade?
【Kanade】Me? Well, the people you just mentioned, Hanasato and...
【Kanade】Oh, right...
【Kanade】I sort of remember one performer who didn't sound too used to performing on stage, but knew how to show what they were feeling.
【Mizuki】Really? Hehe. That must mean you really enjoyed yourself today♪
【Kanade】I did.
【Mizuki】Minori really shined today too. She seemed so pure and delicate, but really powerful at the same time!
【Ena】Yeah. It's hard not to root for her, you know?
【Mizuki】Oh, what if we made a song like that next?
【Ena】Huh? It wouldn't sound anything like our other songs.
【Mizuki】But you never know! It could help save someone somewhere out there!
【Kanade】An idol song...?
【Mafuyu】Are you going to...?
【Kanade】That may be up to you, Mafuyu...
【Kanade】Which song or performance left the biggest impression on you today?
【Mafuyu】None in particular...
【Kanade】I see...
【Kanade】For now, I'll keep that genre in the back of my mind.
【Mizuki】Yeah, okay. I guess it is still your goal to compose a song that can save Mafuyu.
【Kanade】I did.
【Kanade】(But...)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a004003
[Background Change] bg_a001002
【Kanade】(I'm sure there are some people out there who can be saved by happy and upbeat music like that.)
【Kanade】(Even I felt a little excited after that performance...)
【Kanade】(I'll need to make some adjustments to that song when I get home.)
【Kanade】(I should be able to improve on it quite a bit after today.)
