【Megurine Luka — A New Member Arrives♪〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Megurine Luka
Card: A New Member Arrives♪（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: My Color!
scenarioId: 024007_luka02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
[Sound] se00019
【Luka】That was a lot of fun today. Let's meet tomorrow at the same... Hm?
【Shizuku】Good afternoon, Luka.
【Luka】Oh! Welcome, Shizuku.
【Shizuku】Thank you for taking the time to speak with me the other day even though I stopped by without any warning.
【Luka】Hehe. It was my pleasure♪ So, have you found your answer?
【Shizuku】I have. I've decided to show everyone who I really am. The real Shizuku Hinomori.
【Shizuku】I told my fans the same thing in our livestream. I said that I want them to see me as part of MORE MORE JUMP!
【Luka】That's wonderful! How did they react?
【Shizuku】Not everyone was supportive, but most of them left comments saying that they'd cheer me on.
【Shizuku】It made me so happy that I keep re-watching the stream to read the comments again and again.
【Luka】Hehe. That's great. I'm happy you were able to convey your feelings to them, Shizuku.
【Luka】Oh, hey! Is there any way for us to watch your video?
【Shizuku】What? Oh, I don't see why not...
【Luka】Would you mind showing it to us then? I'm sure Rin would love to see it as well♪
【Shizuku】You too, Rin...?
【Luka】Of course. She's been so worried.
【Luka】I think it would be great for her to see your bravery at work too. Would that be all right?
【Shizuku】Hehe. You're making me blush, but sure. Well then... How about tomorrow?
【Luka】Yes, of course! Rin and I will be waiting!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] The next day
【Luka】Welcome back, Shizuku♪ And Minori too!
【Shizuku & Minori】Hello.
【Rin】Hurray! Minori's here too!
【Shizuku】Yes, she is. I asked her to come with me.
【Shizuku】Sorry again, Minori. I just can't figure this tablet out...
【Minori】There's no need to apologize. Everyone has trouble with something!
【Minori】Besides, coming with you means I get to watch the video with Rin and Luka!
【Luka】Yes. I've been looking forward to it♪
【Rin】Me too! I can't wait!
【Minori】Hehehe! Alright, everyone! Time to begin our exclusive screening!
【Rin】Hurray♪
【Minori】And... Play!
【Rin】Oh, look! It's Shizuku! And look at all the text flying by on the side!
【Luka】Ah, these must be the comments you mentioned yesterday.
【Shizuku】That's right. All the fans can send messages and share what they're feeling. Isn't it amazing?
【Minori】Oh, here comes the part where Shizuku makes her announcement.
【Rin】My heart is pounding...!
【Luka】Hehe. I'm so glad Rin seems to be back to her normal self♪
【Shizuku】Huh?
【Luka】To tell you the truth, Rin has been feeling a bit down recently. She's been worrying it was her fault you four were struggling.
【Shizuku】She has? But why...?
【Luka】She was afraid your troubles were due to her comment about you not needing an agency to be idols.
【Shizuku】Not at all. We were the ones who ultimately made the decision to freelance as an independent group...
【Luka】Yes, I told her as much, so please don't worry.
【Luka】Still, I thought it would be best for her to see for herself instead of just hearing it from me.
【Luka】See, look♪
【Rin】Wow! Shizuku looks so cool! It's like she's glowing!
【Minori】Right?! I've already watched this a bunch of times already, but I can't help but feel amazed every time!
【Rin】Yeah, I know what you mean! Let's watch it again♪
【Minori】Okay!
【Shizuku】Oh, that reminds me.
【Luka】Yes?
【Shizuku】You told me before that you were sure there'd be those who would support me for who I am now.
【Shizuku】Well... It would seem they were closer than I imagined.
【Luka】I see. I'm happy you found them♪
[Sound] bgm00000
