【Kiritani Haruka — Fantastic Training Room!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Fantastic Training Room!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Start Rolling! Stars' Crossing
scenarioId: 006046_haruka01

[Background Change] bg_b003603
[Caption] The Lumina Forum - Bedroom
【Haruka】Alright, let's take what we discussed today and do our best again tomorrow.
【Airi】Yeah. Thanks again for sticking around so late for us!
【MEIKO】<You're welcome.>
【KAITO】<I'm sure your first day of shooting was very taxing, so please get plenty of rest.>
[Sound] se00632
【Minori】*Yawn* I feel exhausted after using my head so much.
【Airi】Me too. But that allowed us to have a productive debrief.
【Shizuku】Anyway, shall we start getting ready for bed?
【Haruka】Oh, wait, before we do—
【Haruka】There's something I want to do first. Would that be okay?
【Minori】Oh, we gotta call our moms! I'm sure they're wondering how we're doing!
【Haruka】Hehe. We're going to be here for a while, so it'll be important to reassure them.
【Haruka】But I was actually referring to us getting our room all straightened out.
【Shizuku】Our room...?
【Haruka】This is going to be our base of operations starting today, so I think we should come up with a good organization scheme.
【Shizuku】Come to think of it, all our things are still in our bags.
【Airi】I agree that we should get organized sooner rather than later, since things are bound to get busy.
【Minori】Then, let's do that today!
【Haruka】Thank you all for understanding.
【Haruka】We're allowed to use this chest of drawers however we like, so why don't we decide what to fill them with?
【Haruka】We can put our uniforms and stage outfits in the closet, and the rest of our clothes can go in the chest.
【Haruka】I'm seeing four drawers, so that means we each get one.
【Shizuku】What should we do with our streaming equipment?
【Haruka】Good question...
【Haruka】Why don't we put it in the empty space over there? We could also place this table nearby to make a video-editing station.
【Haruka】Then, we could create a relaxation area by bringing this sofa over here.
【Minori】Wow, I can already tell our base is gonna look really nice!
【Shizuku】You're such a talented interior designer, Haruka. Your producer skills shine through.
【Haruka】This is really nothing special.
【Haruka】But I do want to set things up so we can perform well, since this next month is going to be important for us.
【Haruka】Anyway, we still need to decide...
【Haruka】Ah, that's right. Who's going to sleep in which bed.
【Airi】We have two bunk beds. Shizuku and I will take this one.
【Haruka】Alright, Minori and I will use this one.
【Haruka】Which would you like, Minori? Top or bottom bunk?
【Minori】Huh? Umm...
【Minori】I wouldn't dream of putting myself above you, Haruka, but I also don't want to make you have to climb up and down each time...
【Minori】Wh-What do I do?! I can't decide!
【Haruka】You don't have to think so hard about this.
【Shizuku】Hehe. It's clearly a very important decision to her.
【Airi】Then, why don't we do this? Shizuku and I will take the top bunks, while you two take the bottom ones.
【Airi】That'd solve all your problems, right, Minori?
【Minori】Y-Yeah...
【Minori】*Gasp* Wait, doesn't that mean I'll be sleeping next to Haruka...?!
【Minori】Knowing that is gonna make me so anxious!
【Haruka】Hehe. Then, that's it for the beds. Why don't we take a look at the bathroom next?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00180
[Caption] One hour later
【Haruka】Phew... That should do it.
【Minori】Yeah, the second MORE MORE HOUSE, AKA “The Grand Prix Branch”, is open for business...!
【Shizuku】From this new base, let's keep making progress towards our dream.
【Minori】Yeah! Lots of progress!
【Airi】But not to the point where you burn out.
【Minori】Oh, right...
【Shizuku】But I understand exactly how you feel, Minori.
【Shizuku】I got a clear sense today of just how serious the other groups are about this grand prix.
【Airi】I knew that all of them would be fully committed to this, but actually seeing them really put my head in the game.
【Haruka】Yeah, but we're just as driven as they are.
【Haruka】So, let's make sure we get through the prelim stage and advance to the final stage...!
【Minori, Shizuku & Airi】Yeah! Yes!
【Haruka】Anyway, let's get that sleep now.
【Haruka】Good night, everyone. I hope you all sleep tight.
【Minori, Shizuku & Airi】Good night.
[Sound] bgm00000
