【Aoyagi Toya — Outdoor Cooking!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: Outdoor Cooking!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Same Dreams, Same Colors
scenarioId: 012013_touya01

[Background Change] bg_e001301
[Sound] se00309
[Caption] Aboard a train
【Toya】Finally, our last train change...
[Sound] se00309
【Akito】Yeah, we should be at our station in about an hour, and a bus will take us the rest of the way.
【An】Cool. That means we can chill for a while.
【Kohane】Yeah... Oh, I should tell my mom that we managed to catch our connection before I forget...
【An】Hehe. That's right. Your mom did seem more worried about us missing a train than going out camping.
【An】I love the way she said, This is your first time going to this place, so don't get too absorbed in the scenery.
【Kohane】Yeah, she has a habit of saying that because of my dad, so I'm guessing she's worried about me doing the same thing.
【Toya】But I understand what she means. Anyone would want to take their time looking around if it's somewhere they've never been before.
【Akito】Wait, Toya... Did you tell your dad about us going camping...?
【An】Yeah, I mean, wasn't he totally against you dropping everything to go do street music instead?
【Akito】But you're here, so that means he must've agreed to let you go.
【Toya】Yes, he did. Well, after I detailed everything out in a presentation.
【Kohane】Wait, a presentation?
【Toya】Yes. It was to show him why exactly I needed to go on this trip.
【Toya】I even put together supplementary figures and documents to explain what we'd be doing.
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_c001403
[Background Change] bg_e001301
【Toya】About two hours in he said, I'm busy with work, so do as you please.
【Akito】Two hours...?
【An】Sounds like your passionate speech overpowered him.
【Kohane】But it's nice to hear that your dad seems to understand, Aoyagi.
【Toya】So am I. But there's still a bit of a problem...
【Akito】A problem? Did him agreeing to this come with some strings attached?
【Toya】No, it has to do with my presentation and how it has a fatal flaw.
【Akito】It does?
【Toya】Yes. Ultimately, I was able to convince him by using words to explain how important it is for me to go on this trip.
【Toya】But that took far too long to actually explain.
【Akito】Yeah, two hours is a bit much...
【Toya】So if I have to do this again, he could just turn me down by saying, I don't have time right now.
【Toya】Which is why I need to think of a quicker and more digestible way to explain things next time.
【Kohane】That's amazing. You're already planning that far ahead!
【Kohane】But you're really good at explaining stuff, Aoyagi, so I'm sure you'll think of something!
【Toya】Thanks, Azusawa.
【Akito】It's hard to say when next time is...
【Akito】But we'll deal with it then. I'm sure the four of us can come up with something.
【Toya】Yes, I'd like that.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【Toya】The scenery's changed quite a bit...
【Toya】We've gone from buildings and skyscrapers to a much greener landscape.
【Kohane】Hehe. Yeah.
【Kohane】Oh, look...! There are cows grazing on that hillside.
【An】Hey, you're right! There's so many!
【Toya】Are those wild cows...?
【Akito】No way, dude. That's gotta be someone's farm, right?
【An】Probably. Oh, I see a bunch of rice fields through the windows on the other side!
【Kohane】Looks like they've already harvested everything. It feels really somber for some reason.
【Kohane】If only we'd come sooner. I'm guessing it was really pretty with all those rice stalks dancing in the wind.
【Toya】Pretty, huh...? I've seen videos of fields like this, but never the real thing...
【Kohane】Really...? But rice fields give you some of the best fall photos.
【Kohane】You know how rice stalks turn yellow just before they're harvested? They become this beautiful golden color as the sun sets at dusk.
【Kohane】And the wind makes them all rustle in a way that sounds like waves are crashing on a beach.
【Toya】Like a beach... That really must be something you can only enjoy during the right time of year.
【Akito】Come to think of it, my dad told us something similar when we went camping that one time...
【An】And it's absolutely gorgeous, right?! It reminds me of when we harvested rice during elementary school.
【Toya】Oh, would you guys mind telling me more about your experiences...?
【Akito】So we can all get on the same page...?
【Toya】Yes, would that be alright?
【Kohane】Of course. Actually, I might have some albums and videos still saved on my phone.
【Toya】Thanks, Azusawa.
【An】And I can tell you more about harvesting rice! Although, it was a long time ago, so I don't exactly remember everything...
【Akito】But we have plenty of time until our next stop, so knock yourself out, dude.
【Toya】Thank you, Shiraishi, Akito. I really appreciate it.
[Sound] bgm00000
