【Tenma Saki — Feeling Like An Incognito Idol〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: Feeling Like An Incognito Idol（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: One Small Trip Before a Big Journey
scenarioId: 002026_saki02

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Saki】Looks like everyone's here! Alright...
【Saki】We can now commence the “Let's Eat the Yokohama Souvenirs Together Party”♪
【Rin】Yay♪
【Len】That name is quite literal...
【KAITO】But, at least it's easy to understand.
【Luka】Hehe. It's quite the sight to see souvenirs from all four of you lined up like this.
【MEIKO】Yes, to think that 8 desks together wasn't enough for all of it to fit!
【Miku】Was it really okay to buy this much on our account?
【Saki】It was A-okay♪
【Saki】There were soooooo many things there that we all wanted to try a bunch of stuff too.
【Ichika】Also, this is a token of our gratitude for always helping us.
【Miku】Right... Well, in that case, I won't hold back.
【Saki】Yeah! Eat as much as you want!
【Rin】Yay! Then I'm gonna open this box of shoe-shaped cookies♪
【Luka】Oh, they're so cute. Who bought these?
【Saki】I did♪ It was me!
【MEIKO】I think I'll open this brick-shaped mini cake.
【Ichika】Oh, I bought that. I had the sample and it was so fluffy and delicious.
【MEIKO】What? It was fluffy? Haha, that's interesting since it looks like a brick.
【Len】Hmm... Everything looks so good that I can't choose...
【Honami】Then how about this? It's a mooncake that looks like a panda's face. It has red bean paste and apples in it.
【Len】Apples?
【Shiho】Wow, it's kind of rare for you to buy sweets with apples that aren't apple pie.
【Honami】Well, Chinatown isn't really known for apple pies... I tried a sample of these and they were really good, so I got them.
【Len】Whether it tastes good or not is what's important. I'll try these.
【Shiho】Don't hold back, KAITO.
【KAITO】Oh, okay... What did you buy, Shiho?
【Shiho】Me? I got this. It's a Cantonese sponge cake.
【KAITO】Oh, it's a sponge cake...
【Shiho】It's really good and not too sweet either.
【Honami】Oh, we tried those too.
【Honami】My group and I were talking about how they were so soft you could just keep eating them.
【Saki】Sounds nice. We went shopping at the Red Brick Center, so we weren't able to go to Chinatown.
【Saki】If we only had another day then we totally would've gone!
【Rin】Then why don't you all just go together? You should bring your instruments too, then it'll be like a tour♪
【Saki】Oooh! That sounds awesome!
【Shiho】A tour, huh? If we get an agency and start working with them, we'll probably be performing at a bunch of different live houses...
【Saki】Really?! Does that mean we'll get to go to Yokohama? I wanna go to Okinawa too! Wait, will I need to get a passport or something?!
【Ichika】Huh? A passport?
【Honami】I don't think we're at a level to be performing overseas yet...
【Shiho】Yeah. I think we'd probably be performing somewhere around Shibuya.
【Shiho】Even if we get to go somewhere like Yokohama that's good for sightseeing... Our performance is going to be our top priority, so I don't think we'll have time for that, you know?
【Saki】Oh, that's true...
【Miku】But I think going to different places and experiencing a variety of things would also be good for you.
【Luka】Yes. Also, I'm sure you'll have time after your show. So you can all go sightseeing then, no?
【Saki】Yeah, that's right! Exactly!
【Saki】Okay! If we get to go to different places to do shows, let's eat good food and give some energetic performances♪
【Shiho】Hold on, Saki. You're prioritizing the eating.
【Saki】What? Not at all♪ It's about doing your best after eating the local delicacies!
【Honami】Hehe. I'm sure we'll get more motivation after having some of the local food.
【Ichika】You have a point...
【Shiho】*Sigh* You two are too soft on her.
【Saki】Hehehe. Softer than the Cantonese sponge cake? KAITO, may I have some of that♪
【Rin】C'mon, you guys eat too!
【Ichika】Okay.
[Sound] bgm00000
