【Momoi Airi — It Wasn't Enough〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: It Wasn't Enough（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Cheer With My Heart!
scenarioId: 007045_airi02

[Background Change] bg_a001302
[Caption] Outside the MORE MORE HOUSE
【Minori】*Sigh* I'm totally out of gas...
【Airi】Haruka's dance practice was as hard as ever.
【Minori】Yeah, I'm super hungry now...
【Minori】Oh, I know! Why don't we all go somewhere to eat?
【Haruka】That sounds good. We've been practicing pretty hard for the grand prix, so it might be nice to relax for a change.
【Shizuku】Yes, I agree. What do you think, Airi?
【Airi】Oh, sorry... I need to go shop for some stuff today, so you three have fun without me.
【Minori】Okay. Then, let's go out to eat another time.
【Haruka】Yeah, I'm sure we'll get a chance to soon.
【Shizuku】What are you shopping for, Airi?
【Airi】A present for my mom.
【Minori】For your mom? Oh, is her birthday coming up or something?
【Airi】Nothing like that, but... Remember the story I told you all the other day about my first audition? She's been supporting me so much ever since then...
【Airi】I was reminded how she's the reason I was able to become an idol at all. And I'm able to keep working as one because of her.
【Airi】So, I want to show just how much I appreciate her by buying her a little gift.
【Shizuku】Oh, that's so wonderful. I'm sure your mother's going to love your gift.
【Haruka】Have you already decided what you're going to get her?
【Airi】Not fully. I'm getting her a bouquet and something else. I still haven't decided what that's gonna be yet.
【Airi】My plan for today is to browse around a few shops.
【Shizuku】In that case, can I go with you?
【Airi】Huh?
【Shizuku】Your mother helped you become an idol, which means I also owe her quite a lot.
【Haruka】That also goes for me. I'd like to help out as well.
【Airi】You guys...
【Airi】Thanks. Then, I think I'll take you up on that.
【Minori】You can count on us! Let's go find a gift that really encapsulates your feelings, Airi!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001701
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] Several dozen minutes later
[Caption] General Store
【Haruka】Here we are. Let's start looking, shall we?
【Minori】Yeah! We're looking for relaxation products, right?!
【Airi】That's right. My mom leads a busy life, so I want to give her something that washes away fatigue.
【Shizuku】Something that washes away fatigue... Oh, they have some aroma diffusers over here.
【Shizuku】They even have a wide variety of essential oils available. If you buy several different kinds, she could change them out as she pleases.
【Airi】“A quiet model that produces only fifteen decibels of noise”...? Not bad. She could put this in her bedroom.
【Haruka】If we're going with something fragrant, then the bath salts over there could also work. I'm sure she enjoys having nice, relaxing baths.
【Minori】Yeah! Let's go check them out!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【Airi】Thanks for waiting while I paid for it, you guys!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Minori】You went with that aroma diffuser, right?!
【Airi】The sample fragrances they had were amazing, so I have a feeling this will help her sleep really well.
【Airi】Now we just need to head over to the flower shop for that bouquet...
【Haruka】Oh, before we do... We found something nice while you were at the register.
【Airi】Is this a message card...? Oh, it's covered in hearts! That's so cute!
【Shizuku】Isn't it adorable? This would make your bouquet for her feel even more special.
【Shizuku】And make it all the more clear just how much you appreciate her.
【Airi】Oh...
【Airi】Yeah, I'll include this... Thanks for the help, you guys!
【Airi】(These three have helped turn my gift into something really lovely.)
【Airi】(I hope Mom likes it...)
[Sound] bgm00000
