【Shiraishi An — Dressed In Pure White〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Shiraishi An
Card: Dressed In Pure White（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Wishing to the Blue Sky for Your Happiness!
scenarioId: 010016_an01

[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Diner
【Kawasaki】Everyone, here's to a job well done! Cheers!
【Airi, Shizuku, Kohane & An】Cheers!
[Sound] se00163
【Kinuya】I'm so glad we managed to get through our shoot. We even managed to take some wonderful photos.
【Kawasaki】Yes, we did! An, everyone, thank you all very much!
【An】You're very welcome!
【An】(I'm glad things turned out well too.)
【An】(For a moment there, I tensed up trying to force myself to be a “real bride”.)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a003301
[Background Change] bg_a001101
【An】(Luckily, Shizuku, Kohane and the others were there to help me overcome that. Plus, I had fun being a bride in a way that actually suits me.)
【Kinuya】Unfortunately, we have to get to our other gig soon, so if you'll excuse us.
【Kawasaki】We already took care of the bill, so please stay as long as you like! Again, thank you very much for today!
【An】Thank you as well! It's not every day that you get to wear a wedding dress and it was really fun.
【Kohane】It really was! Thank you very much, Ms. Kawasaki.
【Kawasaki】You're very welcome! Thank you both as well, Shizuku, Airi.
【Shizuku】Of course. I'm glad we could be of service.
【Airi】I really hope you do well in that contest!
【Kawasaki】Thank you! Anyway, we'll see you later!
[Sound] se00170
【Airi】Alright, how about we stay and hang out a bit longer?
【An】Okay! Now, what's left? I guess I should let my dad know that everything went well.
【Shizuku】Oh, was your dad concerned about how today's shoot would go...?
【An】Um, not exactly. More along the lines of, “Just make sure to do things right since you've accepted.” It's sort of his way of saying that I'll be fine.
【Shizuku】Hehe. He seems like a wonderful parent.
【Kohane】I'm so jealous, An. My dad hardly ever listens to anything I say.
【An】What?! But you mean the world to your dad! What do you mean he doesn't listen?!
【Kohane】The thing is... I told him that I was going to play a bridesmaid, but he misheard me and thought that I was going to be the bride.
【Airi】Oh, I know how this one goes. The overbearing dad and his little girl...
【Shizuku】It just means he cares about you just that much, no?
【Kohane】I mean, I understand how he feels... And I really appreciate it...
【Kohane】But he went as far as saying, “If you wear a wedding dress before your actual wedding, you're going to push back when you get married.”
【Kohane】And he followed that up with, “But I don't mind waiting longer for you to get married, so I say go have a ball.” That was when my mom got mad at him...
【An】Haha. I didn't know that. I can totally see your dad panicking after that.
【Shizuku】Hehe. In my case, I'm not a parent, but I can certainly empathize.
【Shizuku】If I ever saw Shii in a wedding dress, I'm not sure what I'd do with myself.
【Airi】Shizuku, what are you going on about...?
【Shizuku】But it'd be so sad to see Shii be taken away by someone as their bride...
【Shizuku】Oh, if they live with us, then that wouldn't be an issue.
【Airi】You might end up being a bigger nuisance than most mothers-in-law.
【Shizuku】Huh?
【An & Kohane】Hehe.
【An】Oh, speaking of which, Airi, did you and Shizuku tell your families that you'd be models for this shoot?
【Airi】Yeah, I did. But they said, “Have fun,” and, “Bring back some nice photos,” like it was just business as usual.
【Airi】To be fair, I told them that I'd be working, so that may've been why.
【Shizuku】Because your family knows that you always do your best when it comes to work.
【Kohane】Oh wow...! That's so cool! They really believe in you!
【Airi】Y-You think so?
【Airi】What about you, Shizuku?
【Shizuku】Yes, I told my family as well. My mom said, “Have fun.”
【An】Really? That means she must also believe in you!
【Kohane】That's incredible.
【Kohane】Hang on... Does my dad act the way he does because he doesn't really believe in me?
【An】Huh? I think your dad believes in you plenty, Kohane.
【An】If he didn't, he'd still probably be against you performing in live events the way we do.
【Shizuku】Oh, your dad was against you doing that?
【Kohane】Yes. Initially, he was convinced that live houses were scary and dangerous places...
【An】So, in order to unravel that perception, we invited him to come see us perform in an event.
【An】Then, after seeing Kohane kicking butt, he decided to give us his blessing and support us!
【Shizuku】That's so nice.
【Kohane】Yes, I'm glad he understands now. Although, his level of concern for me does become a problem sometimes...
【An】Of course he's concerned. You're always gonna be his little girl.
【An】Hehe. Now I kinda want to see my dad fall into a state of total panic like yours did, Kohane.
【Kohane】What? I can't even imagine him doing that...
【An】No problem! What if I told him that I got a boyfriend or something next time?
【Airi】Hey, no teasing your parents just because you wanna see how they react.
【An】Yeah, point taken. Oh well...
【Shizuku & Kohane】Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
