【Tenma Tsukasa — Mascot Greeting〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: Mascot Greeting（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 013003_tsukasa01

[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Tsukasa】Are we all here? Very good!
【Tsukasa】Now that we have a full cast and a completed script, we can finally start practicing!
【Emu】Yeah!
【Robo-Nene】Whatever you say.
【Rui】Oh, can I have a minute before we begin? It's about that stage effect we were discussing yesterday.
【Tsukasa】What is it?
【Rui】Lightning is supposed to strike the ground behind the prince during the opening scene, right?
【Rui】I've actually upgraded the device that will generate the lightning. Can we test it out before practice?
【Tsukasa】Up...graded? Why do I have such a bad feeling about this...
【Emu】We're gonna have even stronger lightning?!
【Emu】Yay! I wanna see things go kaboom! And sizzle sizzle! Like that!
【Robo-Nene】Rest in peace.
【Tsukasa】Hey! That's not funny at all!
【Rui】Oh, so you don't want that?
【Rui】You were the one who wanted to try using real lightning in the performance because it's never been seen before, right?
【Rui】Only you would be bold enough to bring up wanting to try doing something no one's ever done before, Tsukasa. And that's why you're so wonderful!
【Tsukasa】W-Well, you should expect nothing less from a future star!
【Rui】I know I can count on you!
【Robo-Nene】Oh brother...
【Tsukasa】Anyway, we'll check on that stage effect while practicing!
【Emu】Sir, yes, sir!
【Rui】Now, onto the next scene. In this part, Emu makes her appearance by bursting through the stage set.
【Emu】Here I come♪
【Emu】Bang crash boom! Nyeh heh heh! I'm the demon lord's dragonkeeper!
【Emu】My dragon will pancake you, foolish prince!
【Rui】Very good! Excellent entry! And then comes the part where the prince almost gets eaten by the dragon.
【Robo-Nene】What are we going to do about the dragon?
【Robo-Nene】Are we using papier-mâché? Or a video projector?
【Tsukasa】Unless we have an extraordinary video on hand, there won't be much of an impact at all! I vote for something more lifelike, whether it's papier-mâché or whatever else!
【Emu】I have something to say! I want a real dragon!
【Robo-Nene】Dragons don't exist...
【Rui】Hehe. If they do, I'd certainly love to work with one.
【Tsukasa】A real dragon, huh...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】(That reminds me of all those strange creatures moving around in that SEKAI place.)
【Tsukasa】(I could've sworn I saw a flying train somewhere, too. I wouldn't be surprised at all if there were real dragons somewhere in that world.)
【Tsukasa】(If we could have access to a real dragon, we'd have the most incredible show in the world that no one's ever...)
[Sound] bgm00032
【Tsukasa】Wait, that means I'll become real dragon food!
【Emu】Aww, so no real dragons?
【Tsukasa】I'm playing the part of a guy who almost gets eaten by it!
【Tsukasa】(Besides, if a real dragon appears on stage, there's a very high chance it may overshadow me, the lead actor!)
【Tsukasa】(No, wait. Hold it right there, Tsukasa Tenma. What are you so afraid of, future star?!)
【Tsukasa】(I won't be outdone by anything in this world... No, not even an actual, real-life dragon! Because I'm ME!)
【Tsukasa】Yes... I can do this. Bring it on in spades and then some!
【Tsukasa】Ha ha ha ha!
【Robo-Nene】He just burst out laughing like that. What's wrong with him?
【Rui】I wouldn't know.
【Emu】But he looks so happy about it! Let me try it out too♪ Ha ha ha ha!
[Sound] bgm00000
