【Hatsune Miku — Powerful Smile〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: Powerful Smile（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: SEKAI Happy New Year!
scenarioId: 021012_miku01

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【Miku】The Hanetsuki battle was so much fun.
【Kohane】Yeah! The match between you and MEIKO versus Rin and Len at the end was so exciting!
【An】Both pairs were like well-oiled machines and every rally lasted really long.
【Akito】I like how you guys split into the front and back players. It felt very strategic with everyone calling out plays.
【Toya】I noticed that too... Have you guys played Hanetsuki before?
【Miku】Nope. It was our first time.
【Miku】I suppose we approached it like a badminton or tennis match. What do you think, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Yes, I'd say so. It translated into Hanetsuki rather well.
【Len】Oh, I see! But if you two were competing against each other, I wonder who'd win.
【Rin】I'm curious about that too. Why don't you two play against each other?
【Miku】Oh, that's alright. I've had my fill of excitement.
【MEIKO】Same here. Besides, I'd rather not have my face get all covered in ink...
【Len】Aww! You're no fun...
【Rin】I guess we can get rid of the remaining ink then?
【MEIKO】Right. We don't really have any use for it so...
【Miku】Hmm... I don't think that's true.
【Miku】Didn't you mention something about calligraphy and writing out what you want to do this year?
【Kohane】Oh, you mean New Year's resolutions?
【Rin】Resolutions?
【Kohane】You think of what you want to achieve during the new year and write it with a calligraphy brush on a piece of paper.
【Len】Oh, okay. But calligraphy sounds kinda tough.
【Rin】Yeah. But it'd be something new for us to try!
【Miku】Kohane, could you show us how it's done?
【Kohane】Huh, me?
【Miku】I'd like to see an example before I try it myself.
【Rin】Yes. Please show us, Kohane!
【Kohane】Okay. I'm not very good at calligraphy, but I'll give it my best shot!
【An】If you're doing it, so am I!
【Miku】And how about you two?
【Akito】I'll pass.
【Toya】Same. We wouldn't have enough ink for everyone anyway.
【An】Oh, alright. Now, let's do this!
【Rin】Yay! MEIKO, can we use this table?
【MEIKO】Sure, but put this paper underneath so the wood doesn't get stained.
【Kohane】We'll do that. Thanks!
【Len】Okay, what do we do now...?
【Kohane】Hold the brush like this, dip it in the ink and...
【Kohane】Write each character very carefully. Make sure to write straight lines decisively, like this... And curved lines with a bit of finesse, like this...
【Len】Wow! That looks awesome!
【Miku】And I like the word you chose. Challenge.
【Kohane】I chose it because I want to challenge myself to become as good at singing as everyone else.
【Kohane】But to do that, I have to gain experience by taking the initiative.
【Miku】That makes sense. Nice!
【An】If that's what Kohane is going with, I know what to pick.
【Kohane】Forward...?
【An】Yeah. Now that I have the most awesome partner, and friends to match, all we have to do is to keep moving towards our goal.
【Miku】Oh, I like your resolution too!
【Len】Alright, it's our turn now!
【Rin】Sorry, Kohane. Can you show me again how to hold the brush?
【Kohane】Sure. Hold it like this and...
【MEIKO】Hehe. They're really enjoying it.
【Miku】They really are.
【Miku】How about you, Akito, Toya? What are your New Year's resolutions?
【Akito】Resolutions, huh...?
【Toya】For me, it's... Determination.
【Akito】Like sticking with it?
【Toya】Yes. My dad disapproves, but I've made up my mind about singing with you guys.
【Toya】I want to keep performing with you, no matter what.
【Akito】Alright.
【Miku】Nice! That's great! And what about you, Akito...?
【Akito】I guess I don't have a choice...
【Akito】Mine is... Victory. What happened at STAY GOLDEN is still nagging at me.
【Akito】I want to compete in another battle. And get a better result this time.
【Miku】Yeah, I'll keep my fingers crossed.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I see no one here's lacking any ambition. I'm sure another exciting year awaits us.
【Miku】Yeah. I think so too!
[Sound] bgm00000
