【Aoyagi Toya — Delicious Cultural Exposure〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: Delicious Cultural Exposure（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Aim Higher and Higher!
scenarioId: 012046_touya01

[Background Change] bg_c002901
[Sound] se00034_b
[Caption] Flea Market
【Toya】They have more food trucks lined up over here.
【Akito】Oh? Hey, they've got a big selection. Birria, lobster rolls and... How do you read this? Souvlaki?
【Kohane】I've never heard of a lot of these foods before...
【An】I can imagine what lobster rolls involve, but I honestly have no idea what birria and souvlaki are.
【Toya】They're not things you see very often in Japan.
【Slade】Souvlaki's a type of meat that's grilled on a skewer. They serve it with this yogurt sauce called tzatziki.
【An】Wait, yogurt sauce?
【Akito】We grill all sorts of meat on skewers in Japan, but we usually use soy marinade and stuff...
【Kohane】I'm curious as to what it tastes like.
【An】Then, what about birria?
【Cedric】It's a type of stew that's made using chilis and herbs. People get hooked on the spiciness and flavor of the meat.
【Slade】You eat it by dipping tortillas in it, and it's amazing! I bet you guys would love it!
【Toya】I see. That does sound good.
【Toya】Since we're here, why don't we give it a try?
【An】Yeah. A few other things caught my eye, but...
【An】Huh...?
【Toya】Is something wrong?
【An】No, I just noticed that they're selling American dogs over there...
【An】But they're calling them something else.
【Kohane】You're right. Let's see... It says “corn dogs”.
【Toya】Yes, that's what they're called over here.
【Toya】It seems it's because they use cornmeal... A flour made using crushed corn.
【Slade】Hey, you know your stuff, Toya!
【Toya】I learned about it during one of my previous visits overseas.
【Kohane】Corn flour... Aren't they made using wheat flour in Japan?
【Akito】So, these ones taste a bit different?
【Toya】That's certainly a possibility.
【Toya】Still, it's interesting how the same food can be prepared differently depending on the country you're in.
【An】We've been hit by surprises left and right since coming here! For example, the size of the hamburgers!
【Toya】Yes, and that also applies to music.
【An】Oh, are you talking about the alleyway behind the academy?
【Toya】It was very similar to Vivid Street, but different types of music were being played there.
【Akito】Yeah, everything from classical to pop.
【Kohane】People were even playing traditional folk music. I'd never heard anyone put on that kind of street performance before.
【Toya】Me neither. It's nice that we're getting to experience these differences in culture firsthand.
【Toya】Even small discoveries, like the names of food, help us better ourselves and enrich our perspectives.
【Cedric】Wow...
【Cedric】That's an interesting way to approach visiting another country. It's actually kind of cool.
【Slade】Didn't expect we'd hit on something so profound when this all started with corn dogs, though!
【Slade】Or wait, is this one of those cultural differences too?
【Akito】No, this is more Toya culture than Japanese culture...
【Kohane】Hehe. He's just like that.
【Toya】Anyway, I digress... Since we're here, why don't we have ourselves some corn dogs?
【Toya】I believe tasting the difference for ourselves is the best solution.
【An】Oh, I'm in! I really wanna have one now!
【Kohane】Me too. I can't wait to see what they taste like.
【Toya】Then, let's go buy some.
[Sound] bgm00000
