【Megurine Luka — Wiping Away Twilight Rain〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Megurine Luka
Card: Wiping Away Twilight Rain（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: First Star After the Rain
scenarioId: 024005_luka02

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Miku】——♪ ——♪
[Sound] se00101
【Miku】Okay. That sounded pretty good!
【Luka】Practicing hard, Miku?
【Miku】Oh, Luka!
【Miku】Well, Ichika and the girls are getting so much better these days, so I have to keep up.
【Luka】Okay. How long will you practice for?
【Miku】I just finished my section practice, so I'm done for today.
【Luka】Well then, I should show you what you missed the other day.
【Miku】What did I miss?
【Luka】Something our dear juniors shared with us.
【Luka】Here. Photos of the play-planetarium session that Saki brought the other day when she came over.
【Miku】Wow, show me show me!
【Miku】Ah, this was taken when we were toasting with our drinks. This was when Honami was doing narration.
【Miku】And this one... Oh! They were playing rock-paper-scissors to see who would get the remaining snacks.
【Miku】Hehe. Everyone looks so happy.
【Luka】Yes. There's even a picture of sleepy-looking Saki.
【Miku】I'm really so glad Saki is back on her feet again.
【Luka】So am I, and I'm sure Ichika, Shiho, and Honami are as well.
【Luka】They've always wanted to be of some help to her, after all.
【Miku】Yeah. Saki's always smiling even when overexerting herself.
【Luka】Indeed...
【Luka】She would be by herself in a hospital room far away, when everyone was spending time together in school.
【Luka】It must have been lonely.
【Luka】That was probably why she was rushing to make up for all that lost time.
【Miku】Yes. But it feels like she had gotten over all that during the play-planetarium, all thanks to you, Luka.
【Luka】I just gave her a listening ear, that's all. I'm glad to know that turned out to be somewhat helpful.
【Miku】Yeah.
【Miku】Come to think about it, Ichika and the girls were making plans to go to a few other fun places together.
【Miku】Like different shops and events. Everyone was doing their part and trying to research different places.
【Luka】Oh, that's really nice. Making plans together can be a very fun activity in itself.
【Miku】That's how they intend to keep on making fond memories together, huh?
【Luka】Yes.
【Luka】Hehe. I can't wait to see what sort of memories they'll be making.
【Miku】Yup. They've only just formed the band too. I'm sure they'll keep getting better.
【Miku】This is only just the beginning for them.
【Miku】I hope I can keep watching over them as they grow.
【Luka】Me too. They may lose their way or face obstacles again, like they did this time.
【Luka】There may even be things they'll hold back from saying to each other because of being childhood friends.
【Miku】When that happens, we'll be there to lend them a helping hand. There must be something we can do for them.
【Luka】Hehe. You're going all in, aren't you, Miku?
【Miku】Anything for my dearest junior classmen.
【Miku】I want to be a supportive senior classman like you, Luka.
【Luka】Hehe. I'm sure you do.
【Luka】I personally think you're already one, though?
【Miku】Huh? R-Really?
【Luka】Yes, really!
[Sound] bgm00000
