【Momoi Airi — The Strongest Idol Smile!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Momoi Airi
Card: The Strongest Idol Smile!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Chasing The Sparkle Beyond the Blue Sky
scenarioId: 007018_airi01

[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] Rehearsal Studio
【Airi】That should be enough practice for today. Make sure to stretch later, okay?
【Minori】I'm exhausted! And so hungry...
【Shizuku】Hehe. How about we stop by somewhere on our way back?
【Minori】Oh, I'm up for that!
【Airi】Just don't eat too much. Also, I'd like to head home now to think of ideas for our training camp.
【Haruka】Airi... Are you sure you don't want us to help?
【Airi】Yeah, I'll be fine. I'm right in the middle of refining things down.
【Minori】Oh, I'm so excited for our training camp! I can't wait to hear about what we're gonna do!
【Shizuku】By the way, Airi, have you finalized anything yet?
【Airi】Well, yes and no... Either way, you'll just have to wait until then to find out.
【Minori】Huh? We have to wait until the day of? Not until you've made a decision?
【Haruka】Is that because we'll react more genuinely during our stream...?
【Airi】Precisely!
【Airi】One more thing. There's something that I want you to start thinking about, Minori.
【Minori】Huh? Me?
【Airi】Yeah.
【Airi】Haruka, Shizuku and I all have a lot of experience being on TV and stuff.
【Airi】As such, we know that things don't always go according to the script and have learned how to handle unforeseen situations.
【Airi】However, Minori, you don't have much experience with that, so to you, it's easier said than done, right?
【Minori】Right... I probably wouldn't know what to do.
【Airi】So, for this training camp, I want you to arrive having not practiced or rehearsed.
【Airi】Simultaneously, I simply want you to expect the unexpected.
【Minori】U-Understood! But am I really gonna be okay...
【Haruka】I think so. You'll need to know how to handle those sorts of situations for our solo show.
【Shizuku】I agree. Not only that, it's our own stream, so you probably don't need to worry about causing any trouble.
【Airi】My thoughts exactly. We don't get many opportunities like this, so let's make the most of it!
【Minori】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b000803
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] Airi's Room
【Airi】Alright, now that I've finished doing my homework, I can get back to working on stuff for our training camp.
[Sound] se00042
【Airi】(In terms of segments, these should do nicely.)
【Airi】(And I'm so glad that I asked MEIKO for some advice. They've become really fun as a result.)
[Sound] se00042
【Airi】However, our stream this time around's gonna be pretty long... We'll need to do what we can to keep our viewers interested throughout.
【Airi】I also need to figure out where we're actually gonna go and what sort of equipment we'll be using.
【Airi】Nanamin's agency took care of that for our Christmas event, but this time, we have to take care of all of that.
【Airi】Hmm...
【Airi】I could conceivably handle that, but it might be nice to have an advisor of sorts...
【Airi】Someone with a lot of experience working on variety shows, shooting on location and taking care of all the right paperwork...
【Airi】I know...! I can ask the scriptwriter I used to work a lot with! The one from The Wide World of Laughs!
【Airi】I remember hearing that they decided to settle down and work for a regional TV station.
【Airi】If I can get them to lend me a hand...!
【Airi】Alright, here goes nothing!
[Sound] se00001
[Sound] se00007
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] The next day
【Airi】Oh, I got a reply to that email I sent yesterday...
【Airi】Let's see... <Momoi, it's been so long. About the thing you asked me about...>
【Airi】<If it's alright with you, I'd like to help out>...!
【Airi】Thank goodness! Now I can hear what a professional thinks.
【Airi】Oh, they even made sure to quote me for their consultation.
【Airi】(This must mean they're really looking at what we're doing as professionals.)
【Airi】(Regardless of the fact that we're freelancers...)
【Airi】To be fair, we're talking about a person that said, “It doesn't matter if someone's a rookie idol or a comedian who's yet to find fame. They're all professionals in my mind if they appear on TV.”
【Airi】That sort of came with the condition that you provide good reactions or can say something interesting... But it was always worth putting in the effort.
【Airi】Hehe. That really takes me back...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a003401
[Background Change] bg_b000803
【Airi】Looking back, that person always came up with ideas that were just tough enough for me to wonder whether or not I could handle them.
【Airi】And they didn't have to make us fail on purpose or come up with a surprise. They were designed in a way that something interesting would always happen.
【Airi】In terms of what we'll be doing, renting out a public pool and trying to cross a floating obstacle course was kinda similar...
【Airi】Also, I didn't get to try all of the things they came up with, so I could use those for reference.
【Airi】(When I was still appearing on variety shows, I was told a lot of not-so-nice things and felt really awful at times...)
【Airi】(But I also got to meet a lot of great people and get to work with them again like this.)
【Airi】Hehe. It just goes to show that it's important to enjoy the process.
【Airi】So, I should start by sending them a reply!
[Sound] bgm00000
