【World Bloom — All Ways Jump! With You — Episode11 Idols, Now and Forever】

Event: All Ways Jump! With You
Event Type: world_bloom
Episode: Episode11 — Idols, Now and Forever
Event Outline: Just when MORE MORE JUMP! has settled in to their lives as Lumina Grand Prix contestants, they notice something wrong with the tree in their SEKAI. Before they know it, the girls find themselves in a world where the four of them never met.
scenarioId: wl_idol_02_11

[Background Change] bg_b003101
[Caption] Stage SEKAI - Flower Field
【Minori】Humhumm... Mhm...
【Miku】Minori still seems to be enjoying that dream.
【Shizuku】The rest of us are awake now... But do you think she's still dreaming of us dancing on the rooftop?
【Airi】She's probably just that happy about the four of us getting back together and dancing.
【Airi】But I think it's high time that we woke her up!
【Haruka】Rise and shine, Minori!
【Minori】*Mumble* *Gasp* H-Haruka?!
【Minori】Where am I...? Huh? Miku? Wait, you're all here! Does that mean...?
【KAITO】Thank goodness. You're all awake now.
【Len】How do you feel, Minori? Are you sore anywhere?
【Minori】I'm okay! But I was stuck in this really strange dream.
【Minori】We were all doing different things, and we never met you or the others, Miku...
【Airi】We were just telling them what happened. Believe it or not, we all had the same dream.
【Minori】What?
【Shizuku】We were all doing our best having taken different paths...
【Shizuku】But we had to content with things not going quite the way we hoped, or having to suppress our true selves and our true feelings. We were dealing with internal struggles and other painful emotions.
【Minori】Oh...!
【Minori】What do you think caused us to have that dream...?
【MEIKO】Well, the black fragments which were stuck to the tree seem to have been behind that.
【Minori】Oh, speaking of the tree, what happ— Wow! It's grown this big?!
【Shizuku】That's the thing. Right before you woke up, Minori, the tree absorbed all of those black fragments. They're gone now.
【Rin】And then, it grew really, really, big!
【Len】Those fragments really were strange. I mean, you all fell asleep after touching them...
【Haruka】Luka said that they might've been fragments of feelings... But if she's right, what feelings caused them to manifest?
【Minori】I don't know... But a part of me was always anxious while we were in that dream.
【Minori】I was finally able to pass an audition and become an idol like I always wanted, but things didn't go all that well...
【Minori】I kept wondering if I'd ever be able to spread hope to people as an idol the way Haruka did.
【Airi】Yeah. I felt that the entire time as well.
【Airi】I felt anxiety about whether I'd ever become the idol that I wanted to be, as well as guilt and regret about my original decision to quit.
【Shizuku】That means those sorts of feelings may've been involved.
【Luka】I can't say for certain, but those sorts of negative feelings may've coalesced to form those black fragments...
【Len】Which would explain why you all ended up having that terrible dream.
【Rin】Right...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】But that dream also helped me realize something important!
【Rin】Something important?
【Minori】Yeah! Even if we're pursuing different paths in life, no matter how hard things get...
【Minori】We'll all still want to give hope to others!
[Sound] bgm00194
【Haruka】... Yeah.
【Haruka】We realized just how important that is to us. It never went away regardless of how hard we tried to suppress it.
【Shizuku】Right. I also remembered just how much MORE MORE JUMP! means to me.
【Shizuku】I'm able to spread hope while just being myself because all of you accept me for who I am.
【Airi】Yeah... We've been able to support each other and make up for each others' shortcomings because we're working together as MORE MORE JUMP!
【Airi】As idols who spread hope.
【Miku】Girls...
【MEIKO】Hehe. You two look like you're ready to cry, Miku, Rin.
【Rin】Th-That's because...! After hearing what happened, I'm really glad that they all met...
【Airi】Wait, why aren't you guys including yourselves?
【Miku】Huh?
【Minori】Yeah!
【Minori】Remember what we said that other time?! You guys are all members of MORE MORE JUMP!
【Minori】Even during that dream, I could hear you guys trying to cheer us up.
【Minori】Your guys' empathy and support mean so much to us that, even while we were dreaming, you were able to reach us.
【Minori】We wouldn't have been able to make it this far without you guys. So, once again, I'm really, really glad that you're all here!
【Miku】Minori...
【Haruka】With this group of people, we should be able to go after any dream we like. So...
【Haruka】Let's do it... Let's become idols who can spread lots of hope to lots of people!
【Minori, Airi & Shizuku】Yeah! Yes!
【Minori】Oh, on that note, why don't we do our usual thing...!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Airi】Hehe. Yeah, let's do it.
【Shizuku】You'll all join us, yes, Miku?
【Miku】Of course!
【Shizuku】More and more songs!
[Sound] bgm00330
【Airi】More and more energy!
【Haruka】More and more hope!
【Minori】May our songs reach more, more, more people!
【Minori】MORE MORE...
[Background Change] bg_a003701
【Everyone】JUMP!
[Sound] se_event_wl_2nd_idol_2025_001
[Sound] bgm00000
[Movie] link2_idol_sapling
