【Tenma Saki — Dozing Off In Art Class〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: Dozing Off In Art Class（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Little Bravers!
scenarioId: 002022_saki01

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] After school
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Honami】*Sigh* We're finally done readjusting the schedule.
【Shiho】Yeah. Also, Saki, Ichika, you two seem...
【Saki】Yup! Our song and lyrics are really coming along!
【Ichika】Getting to focus on songwriting and practicing makes for great progress. Thanks for making this possible, Honami.
【Honami】Hehe. There's no need to thank me.
【Shiho】Alright then, let's start our practice after a quick breather.
【Saki】Okay!
【Shiho】Oh, that reminds me... Saki, Ichika, how's that other thing coming?
【Miku】What other thing?
【Shiho】Their assignment for art class. I heard from Honami that you two still haven't finished.
【Luka】Oh, is that true?
【Saki】H-Haha... So...
【Ichika】We were supposed to wrap them up during class today, but Saki and I ended up falling asleep...
【Saki】We got chewed out pretty hard...
【Len】You fell asleep? That's kinda surprising.
【MEIKO】It must be a sign that all the work you were doing took its toll.
【Saki】*Sob* But I was being so careful about not falling asleep.
【Ichika】Me too. Unfortunately, we couldn't overcome the sleepiness that came over us during our first afternoon class...
【Rin】That means you need a way to sleep without being discovered☆
【Len】Rin, that doesn't make it okay to fall asleep during class.
【Miku】To be fair, they probably wouldn't have been scolded if they weren't found out...
【Ichika】I feel bad since the teachers always do their best during class...
【Saki】Ichi and I both learned our lesson...
【Saki】But I was really taken aback when the teacher said, “Quit fooling around and draw what's in front of you!”
【KAITO】Quit fooling around...?
【Ichika】Oh, right... You rebutted and tried to defend what you were doing.
【Honami】What do you mean?
【Saki】You gotta hear this! We did sketches of a sculpture during class today!
【Saki】So, I psyched myself up and tried my best to draw it...
【Saki】But around the time I finished drawing the outline for it, I started getting sleepier and sleepier...
【Len】Oh, I see. You sorta took a sigh of relief because you'd reached a checkpoint...
【Saki】Yeah... But I still hadn't drawn the shadows and stuff, so I tried to stay awake and keep drawing...
【Saki】But I became so sleepy that I ended up drawing a gash across the face of my sketch...
【Honami】Haha... I can certainly picture that.
【Shiho】It sounds like something you'd do, Saki...
【Luka】But something like that can be seen as a simple mistake. How does that turn into “fooling around”?
【Saki】About that... When I panicked and tried to erase the line, it started getting all black and blotchy.
【Saki】Then, it was like my sculpture grew a little mustache...!
【Miku】H-Hehe...
【MEIKO】You must be joking! A little mustache...?!
【Saki】No, don't laugh! The teacher got really mad at me for that!
【Honami】So, the teacher couldn't help but believe that you fell asleep after doodling...
【Shiho】Talk about being unlucky...
【Saki】*Sob* They understood in the end, but it still doesn't change the fact that I got scolded...
【Ichika】Still, neither Saki nor I finished our drawings, so we have to wrap them up tomorrow.
【Shiho】Does that mean you two are gonna be late for practice...?
【Saki】No, we shouldn't be! Our plan is to get to school early and finish them then!
【Ichika】We can't let our mistakes affect all of you.
【Shiho】Okay... But don't push yourselves too hard, okay?
【Ichika & Saki】Okay!
【Shiho】Then, let's start practice.
【MEIKO】Hehe. Playing like you mean it should make you forget all about that scolding.
【Saki】Yeah, definitely...!
【Saki】Alright, let's do our best again today!
[Sound] bgm00000
