【Tenma Tsukasa — Arresting Poise〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: Arresting Poise（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Choices for the Future
scenarioId: 013044_tsukasa02

[Background Change] bg_d004001
[Caption] Morinomiya Music Academy
【Male Student A】“If you are an ogre, then I have every reason to cut you down. I shall destroy all ogres who do harm to people...!”
【Male Student B】“Oh? Someone's hunting ogres? That's interesting. He must not value his life very much...”
【Tsukasa】Everybody everywhere is practicing lines by themselves...!
【Rui】Yes, this is what things must be like whenever Morinomiya is holding auditions for a show.
【Tsukasa】Oh, that person's practicing for a sword fight!
【Tsukasa】Look at the way he's moving...!
【Tsukasa】His strength and agility must be off the charts. I can't help but be impressed...!
【Rui】You certainly seem to be enjoying yourself, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Yes, getting to experience this atmosphere firsthand is quite enjoyable indeed.
【Tsukasa】Especially since the boys weren't scheduled to audition for anything during our time here.
【Tsukasa】Nene told us that Morinomiya's auditions are very intense, but I wasn't expecting this...
【Rui】They may be more motivated than usual, since this isn't one of their regular auditions.
【Rui】Still, I wasn't expecting them to hold auditions for students to perform in Kikyogumi's show.
【Tsukasa】Me neither. And I couldn't be more jealous of them.
【Rui】Which is understandable, since one stands to grow quite a lot by performing as part of Kikyogumi.
【Tsukasa】They are our fellow students, so we should give them as much support as we can.
【Rui】Yes, I wish them all the best of luck.
【Tsukasa】But I was startled by the play they chose for this audition.
【Rui】Yes, they went with “Ouka Kenshiden: The Sakura Swordsman”...
【Rui】The very play we saw Kikyogumi perform.
【Tsukasa】I wasn't expecting to hear the title again this soon after being so moved by that performance.
【Rui】It seems like the perfect choice in terms of testing an actor's skills and moxie.
【Rui】Not only do your acting skills need to be up to snuff, you also need to be very good with a sword.
【Tsukasa】Yes, it sounds like a fun challenge.
【Tsukasa】Ever since we saw it that day, I've actually been thinking about how I'd play each character.
【Tsukasa】The namesake swordsman and his nemesis, the ogre, seem particularly challenging since they both require you to be fierce but delicate.
【Tsukasa】You have no idea how much trouble I had figuring out how to play them.
【Rui】Hehe. I assume that means you were able to find a satisfactory solution.
【Tsukasa】Of course. I managed to come up with a plan for both of them!
【Tsukasa】Unfortunately, I won't have a chance to actually present them...
【Rui】Yes, since we visiting students aren't allowed to audition.
【Rui】That being said, I would've liked to see what Morinomiya thinks of your renditions.
【Tsukasa】I feel the same way... But there's also no need to feel sad.
【Rui】What do you mean?
【Tsukasa】I may not be allowed to audition, but I can still practice for it like I am!
【Tsukasa】I already went to all that trouble. And now, I have a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to polish my acting plans in this intense atmosphere.
【Tsukasa】Let us make the most of every second we have here at Morinomiya!
【Rui】Now I see.
【Rui】In that case, I'll help. Having a rival should make it feel more like a real audition, yes?
【Tsukasa】Yes, that's what I like to hear! Then, which scene should we do first? I was thinking...
[Sound] bgm00000
