【Kamishiro Rui — Illegal Veggie Dumping〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Illegal Veggie Dumping（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Choices for the Future
scenarioId: 016044_rui01

[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Diner
【Tsukasa】Then, after dodging the ogre's attack, he made his sword flash!
【Tsukasa】I couldn't believe how elegant and exhilarating that battle was!
【Rui】Just the sort of action which Kikyogumi can offer that Suzurangumi can't.
【Emu】Yeah! The air got all buzzy and electric! I was so thrilled that I couldn't take my eyes off of them!
【Nene】It was pretty amazing how they were able to express their characters' feelings with so few lines during that scene.
【Rui】Yes, it was. It felt to me like their way of saying, “We'll let our action sequences speak for themselves”...
【Tsukasa】Yes, but let's not forget all the other incredible scenes...
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【Waitress】Thank you for your patience.
【Tsukasa】Oh, that must be our food.
【Rui】The demi-glace rice omelet is mine.
【Emu】And I ordered the regular one!
【Waitress】Alright, please enjoy.
[Sound] se00314_b
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_2
【Tsukasa】There is still much to discuss... But we should eat first!
【Nene】Yeah, I am pretty hungry. But I wasn't expecting us all to get rice omelets.
【Emu】I decided to order one because of the fair they're having♪ These veggies on the side looked so good too!
【Rui】Tomatoes and broccoli...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】Speaking of fairs, Tsukasa, did you see the one for next month?
【Tsukasa】For next month?
【Rui】It's in the menu by your side... Next month, they're going to be serving Salisbury steaks based on the local delicacies of each prefecture.
【Tsukasa】Ah, let's see...
[Sound] se00844
【Tsukasa】Oh, take a look at this selection! The one for Hokkaido is covered in cheese, and the one for Aichi uses miso butter!
[Sound] bgm00200
【Rui】Yes, they all seem very delicious.
[Sound] se00844
[Sound] se00845
【Rui】I'm particularly interested in some of their stranger options. For example, on this page, the one for Osaka...
[Sound] se00844
[Sound] se00845
[Sound] se00846
【Tsukasa】Hold it right there!
【Tsukasa】I look away for one moment, and you've tossed all this on my plate...! Keep your vegetables to yourself!
【Rui】Well, aren't you observant.
【Nene】Seriously, what are you doing...?
【Emu】Wow, Tsukasa, you've got so many veggies on your plate now!
【Tsukasa】Honestly, isn't it high time that you overcame your dislike of vegetables?
【Rui】What? Why do you say that?
【Tsukasa】Hey, don't give me that look! You'll have to sooner or later!
【Rui】I believe we've already been over this. I don't have to eat vegetables to get the nutrients I need.
【Rui】I mean, isn't my height proof enough? Therefore, I don't need to eat them.
【Nene】I knew you'd say that...
【Tsukasa】Alright, what if you're put in a situation where you have no choice but to eat them?
【Tsukasa】For example, there's a chance that we'll perform in a region which built its name on producing quality vegetables. Would you be able to turn down any samples?
【Rui】Ah, that is actually a distinct possibility.
【Nene】Imagine telling them that you really hate vegetables. I don't even wanna think about how sad you'd make them.
【Rui】Obviously, I don't plan on making them feel that way.
【Tsukasa】Then...
【Rui】Yes. I'll overcome that situation using the perfect plan.
【Nene】The perfect plan...?
【Rui】I've actually come up with multiple ways to turn such people down depending on the situation.
【Rui】When we're brought gifts to our green room, when we're visiting somewhere and a local suddenly appears with produce, or when we're invited to a dinner party...
【Rui】There's no telling when vegetables are going to appear in my life next, so I've come up with plans for every situation I can imagine.
【Rui】Which is why I'm prepared for any that are thrown at me.
【Tsukasa】Why can't you just use that energy to overcome your dislike of them instead...?
【Emu】Then, do you also have a plan for if you're cast in a role that involves eating veggies?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】A role that involves eating vegetables?
【Emu】Yeah, I mean, there's no telling what kind of show we're gonna do next, right?
【Rui】Ah, I glossed over that possibility. I was under the impression that I'd never have to play such a role.
【Rui】But the likelihood of me accepting a request of that nature isn't zero, provided I was convinced that I was the only one for the role.
【Rui】Which means I'll need to start learning how to make vegetables disappear by pretending to eat them.
[Sound] bgm00015
【Emu】Wow! Like a magic trick!
【Tsukasa】Not “like”. That is a magic trick.
【Nene】Seriously, you always come up with the most roundabout solutions when it comes to vegetables...
【Nene】It'll probably be a while before you overcome this dislike...
[Sound] bgm00000
