【Hoshino Ichika — CD Encounter〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hoshino Ichika
Card: CD Encounter（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: The Warmth of Intersecting Melodies
scenarioId: 001013_ichika02

[Background Change] bg_f000303
[Caption] Ichika's Room
【Ichika】Phew... I've made some good progress today in terms of learning more about songwriting.
【Ichika】But I can only do this on days when I'm not assigned much homework.
【Ichika】Anyway, this seems like a good place to take a break. I think I'll put on a Miku song...
【Ichika】Oh... I haven't had a chance to listen to Yoisaki's other songs yet. Maybe I should put one of those on instead.
【Ichika】Let's see... Oh wow. Marionette has so many views. I guess I can start with that.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00110
【Ichika】(It has such a unique sound and some dark overtones to it, but the intro's so catchy.)
【Ichika】(The lyrics don't pull any punches either...)
【Ichika】(It's like this song puts everything out in the open without hesitation...)
【Ichika】Wow...
【Ichika】One more time.
【Ichika】(The phrasing, or the metaphors being used, I guess...? I can tell exactly what this song's trying to say...)
【Ichika】And Asahina's the one who wrote these lyrics...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Background Change] bg_f000303
【Ichika】(She's so kind and thoughtful, so I never would've imagined her being able to write such dark lyrics...)
【Ichika】(Or is it just a testament to her creativity?)
【Ichika】Either way, she's an incredible person...
【Ichika】Alright, I need to keep doing everything I can to be able to clearly express how I feel through what I write.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001001
[Sound] bgm00018
[Caption] The next day
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Ichika】Oh, Asahina, good morning...!
【Mafuyu】Good morning, Hoshino. You're here quite early. Morning practice? No, that can't be it...
【Ichika】Oh, I woke up earlier than usual, so I'm going to head to my class to work on some lyrics.
【Mafuyu】You've been hard at work, I see.
【Ichika】Actually, I haven't been making much progress...
【Ichika】Oh, but I did get to listen to one of your group's songs yesterday.
【Mafuyu】You did? Thank you. Would you mind telling me your thoughts?
【Ichika】Of course! Um, I listened to Marionette, the one about the puppet.
【Ichika】I was completely blown away by the phrasing and metaphors used in the lyrics...!
【Ichika】I have a feeling that the lyrics were really able to bring the song to life because a puppet was at the center of it all.
【Ichika】Oh, I'm sorry... I didn't mean to ramble on like that.
【Mafuyu】No, I appreciate it. I'm the one who asked for your thoughts, and I'm glad you liked it so much.
【Ichika】Oh, also...
【Ichika】Would it be alright if I asked you a little about how you came up with those lyrics?
【Mafuyu】Sure, what would you like to know?
【Ichika】About the song's interludes and bridge after each chorus when the listener seems to be asked, “Right?” or “Don't you get it?”...
【Ichika】They're not actually a part of the lyrics, are they? How did you arrive on doing that?
【Mafuyu】Oh, that...?
【Mafuyu】Sorry to disappoint you, but there's really nothing to those parts...
【Ichika】Huh? I-Is that true?
【Mafuyu】Yes. I was told that it would sound a little creepier if I were to add in something like what you heard.
【Mafuyu】Ultimately, its purpose became to add some spice to the voids left after each chorus sequence...
【Mafuyu】They hold no real meaning in terms of the lyrics.
【Ichika】O-Okay, I see...
【Ichika】I was so sure that there was some deeper meaning to those parts. I feel so embarrassed about overthinking things like that.
【Mafuyu】No, don't be. I should be apologizing for misdirecting you in such a manner.
【Mafuyu】But I really appreciate how you took what I wrote so seriously.
【Mafuyu】And everybody who listens to that song is perfectly entitled to their own interpretations.
【Ichika】True...
【Ichika】But you seem to use a lot of metaphors in your lyrics. Is there a reason behind that?
【Mafuyu】Hmm... It's usually because I can't find the right words to describe something.
【Mafuyu】Or when I'm being deliberately vague.
【Ichika】Wait, deliberately vague...?
【Mafuyu】Yes. For example... “Anger” comes to mind.
【Mafuyu】I may be mad at someone, Person A, for some reason, but those who aren't familiar with Person A won't understand how I feel even if I try to write lyrics about them.
【Ichika】Oh, I see...
【Mafuyu】And it'd be rude to call them out by name, no?
【Mafuyu】That's when I'll use words like “bully” or “braggart” instead.
【Mafuyu】Then it becomes clear who's playing which role in this situation.
【Ichika】Yes, that makes so much sense...!
【Mafuyu】Oh, I think it's also important to use different euphemisms or examples depending on how a particular song goes.
【Mafuyu】“Braggart”, for example, may be more suited to a song with a brighter or upbeat tone to it.
【Mafuyu】Conversely, referring to people as chess pieces, such as a queen or king, could work if you wish to treat them like an opponent for a dark song with a sharper tone.
【Ichika】Yes, I see...!
【Mafuyu】Sorry, I didn't mean to sound so snobbish. I know I'm not a professional or anything.
【Ichika】No, everything you just said makes so much sense! Thank you very much!
【Ichika】I'll be sure to keep your advice in mind when writing lyrics from now on!
【Mafuyu】Hehe. I'm glad I could help. Good luck, Hoshino.
【Ichika】Thank you!
[Sound] bgm00000
