【Azusawa Kohane — Emu Style? The Art Of Dancing!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: Emu Style? The Art Of Dancing!（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Scramble Fan Festival!
scenarioId: 009011_kohane01

[Background Change] bg_c000101
[Caption] Weekend Garage
【An】Phew... Okay, that should be enough for today!
【Akito】Yeah, good work.
【An】You're gonna stick around, right? How about your usual?
【Toya】Yes, please.
【Kohane】Oh, An. Can I get extra whipped cream, caramel sauce and nuts with mine?
【An】Extra whipped cream, caramel sauce and nuts! You got it!
[Sound] se00097
【Akito】Geez, again?
【Kohane】Hehe.
【Toya】By the way, how has practice been going for... The Fan Festival, was it...?
【Kohane】Yeah, that's been going great too!
【Kohane】Everyone from Wonderlands×Showtime gave me some really good dance tips.
【Akito】Oh, right. Isn't one of Toya's classmates in that troupe?
【Kohane】Yeah, her name's Nene Kusanagi.
【Toya】Her included, it feels like we've been having so many strange encounters lately...
【Toya】From my classmate to Tsukasa's younger sister's childhood friend to actual idols.
【Kohane】Oh, funny you should mention that. Minori's the first friend I ever made in high school too.
【An】Wait, really?!
【An】And she ended up forming an idol group with my childhood friend?!
【An】Anyway, here's your order. That should be everything, right?
【Akito】Yeah, yeah. I mean, we all live in the same city, so it isn't that huge a coincidence.
【An】Geez, way to take the fun out of it...
【Kohane】By the way, An, have you had a chance to talk to Haruka recently?
【An】Me? Hmm... We spoke once when she came here after she quit being an idol...
【Kohane】She was here?!
【An】Yeah, a few times.
【Kohane】Wow...! A former A-list idol came here in private! This place is so amazing!
【An】Haha! It's not like that. Haruka's just an old friend, you know?
【Kohane】Are you sure? I discovered this place by complete happenstance and started meeting all these new people.
【Kohane】Including you, An, and Shinonome and Aoyagi...
【Kohane】Not only that, but after I started singing, I got to become friends with this girl in my class who plays the bass!
【Kohane】Oh, she's one of Ichika and Saki's childhood friends too.
【Toya】I see. Then, that means I must've met her during the Doll Festival...
【Kohane】(I'd love to introduce everyone to Shiho and Honami someday.)
【Kohane】Hehe. So much has really happened.
【Kohane】Hearing you sing, An, discovering Weekend Garage, you asking me to be your partner...
【Akito】You even gave yourself a complete makeover as proof of your resolve.
[Sound] se00053
【An】Yeah, that really was a huge surprise.
【Toya】I agree. Also, I never imagined the four of us joining together to form a team back then...
【An】I know, right?! We have Miku and the others to thank for that!
【Kohane】Right. They showed us that we were all striving towards the same goal.
【Akito】But being sent over to SEKAI without really knowing what was going on was pretty startling too.
【An】Yeah, that's right. You had a fight with your partner and were all alone...
【Akito】Shut it.
【Toya】And now, we're going over there on a regular basis.
【Akito】More than that in your case. Haven't you been spending entire days off reading over there?
【Toya】Yes, it's a very relaxing place.
【Kohane】Hehe. Miku and the others are all so nice too.
【Akito】Wait, are you including KAITO?
【An】Haha... I'm sure he's a nice guy deep down, but yeah, he is a bit of a troublemaker...
【Kohane】Hehe. Still, I genuinely believe that Weekend Garage is the reason behind me meeting all these wonderful people.
【Akito】I dunno. We didn't exactly get off on the right foot...
【An】Hey, Kohane's trying to show her appreciation, so ease off...
【Toya】Yes, I agree.
【Akito】You too...?
【Kohane】Hehe.
【Kohane】(Minori, Ichika, Kusanagi...)
【Kohane】(We'll be performing at the Fan Festival together, so I'll do what I can to make the most of this opportunity.)
[Sound] bgm00000
