【Shiraishi An — Brand New Style〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Shiraishi An
Card: Brand New Style（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 010028_an02

[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【An】Morning, Kohane!
【Kohane】Morning, An. Let's do our best again during practice today.
【An】Yeah! Now, we just need to wait for Akito and Toya...
【Kohane】Oh....!
【An】Hm? Is that them?
【An】Wait, huh...?
[Sound] se00566
【Ichika】Oh, Kohane, Shiraishi...
【An】Ichika, Hinomori, it's been a minute! Are you two also headed for practice?
【Shiho】Yeah, we're waiting for the others to arrive.
【Kohane】Oh, so are we. We're waiting for Shinonome and Aoyagi to get here.
【An】Hey, since we're here, wanna chat for a little bit while we wait?
【Ichika】Yeah, sure.
【Ichika】Oh, that reminds me... Kohane told me the other day that you joined your school's broadcasting committee, Shiraishi.
【An】Yup! But what made you wanna bring that up?
【Kohane】Hehe. So, Ichika's on our school's broadcasting committee.
【An】Wait, really?!
【An】Oh, Ichika, did you also choose the broadcasting committee because it meant you got to play whatever songs you like over the speakers...?
【Ichika】Yeah, I think that was one reason.
【Ichika】Another was because I'd have to talk to everyone, which I figured would help me practice talking with the audience and stuff during shows.
【An】Oh, for your shows...!
【Shiho】You seem like you're pretty good at that sort of stuff already, Shiraishi. I bet Kamiyama High's lunch broadcasts are gonna start being really fun.
【An】Hehe. I dunno how fun they're gonna be until I give it a go, but I have already started looking for songs to play.
【Shiho】Like what? Mind telling us?
【Ichika】Oh, I'd also like to know how you're choosing them.
【An】Haha. It's not like I've come up with some sort of grand plan or anything.
【An】But everyone wants to enjoy their lunch breaks, right? So, I'm thinking cheerful and upbeat songs are the way to go for then.
【An】And cleaning time feels like a huge drag to some people, so songs with a quick tempo might help them get through it.
【Ichika】I see...
【Ichika】I guess it's important to consider what your listeners are going to feel.
【Ichika】I was thinking about just playing some Miku songs that I like or the ones that we made as a band... Should I rethink that...?
【An】No, I don't think so! There's nothing wrong with wanting others to listen to good music.
【Kohane】Yeah! I've liked all the Miku songs you've introduced to me so far, Ichika.
【Kohane】And I want more people to hear your band's songs since they're also really amazing.
【Shiho】If anything, Ichika, I think it's good that you have that drive to have more people listen to our songs.
【Ichika】Really? Thank goodness...
【An】Drive, huh...
【An】Now that I'm on the broadcasting committee, maybe I should try following my passion
【Kohane】Hehe. I'm sure you have what it takes to make sure everyone has fun while you try to do what you want, An.
【An】You think so? Then, I might just go all out.
【Ichika】I bet your broadcasts are going to be so much fun, Shiraishi.
【Shiho】You're used to putting on shows, so I think we could stand to learn a lot from you.
【An】Haha. Thanks.
【An】I know. I can't really say what I'm gonna talk about, but I can tell you what songs I've chosen.
【Ichika】Oh, are you sure?
【An】Yeah! In return, you get to tell me what songs you're gonna choose, Ichika.
【Ichika】Okay.
【An】Wait a second. I could listen to your broadcasts if I had Kohane record them for me.
【An】Maybe she could do that whenever Ichika's scheduled to be on air...
【Kohane】I don't know if I'll be able to get clean recordings with everyone else talking...
【Shiho】What if you found an empty classroom? That should make things easier for you.
【Ichika】Whoa, wait! Why do you sound so enthusiastic about this, Shiho?
【An】Haha!
[Sound] bgm00000
