【Kamishiro Rui — Unexpected Happenings〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Unexpected Happenings（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: It's On! Wonder Halloween!
scenarioId: 016005_rui01

[Background Change] bg_d000901
[Caption] On a certain holiday
[Caption] Rui's Room
【Rui】Now that we've concluded our Halloween show with great success, it's time to start thinking about the direction for the next show.
【Rui】Though, that's actually more or less settled. I guess the main issue is the wire-flying part...
【Rui】(We've been using it as a way to jump on the stage so far, but it may be interesting to add in some of those flying parts often seen at male idol shows.)
【Rui】(It won't be free-form flying, but we can at least make it look like the character is flying out from the stage.)
【Rui】(What I'm concerned about is how that will appear to the audience seated in different positions. I'll need to coordinate it with the lighting as well.)
【Rui】(Of course, there's also the matter of safety.)
【Rui】(The more wires we use or the more people on the fly system, the higher the risk of entanglement and accidents.)
【Rui】(But it creates a greater impact when multiple people do it. A scene like that would be unforgettable.)
【Rui】(For future applications, we should probably design the system to be able to accommodate multiple people.)
【Rui】I'm going to need to do more tests and verifications. Which means my next step will be...
【Nene】Rui... We're here.
【Rui】Oh, right. Robo-Nene's due for maintenance today.
【Rui】I'm sorry. I was so engrossed in thinking about the next stage production that I'd forgotten about it.
【Nene】No problem. It wouldn't be the first time you've ever forgotten to eat or sleep because of that, anyway.
【Rui】Hehe, you're absolutely right.
【Rui】Well then, let me get started on the maintenance now.
【Nene】Okay, thanks. Oh...
【Nene】Rui, are these drawings on the table about the fly system we were talking about the other day?
【Nene】We'll be incorporating that into the next show?
【Rui】No, I haven't decided yet.
【Rui】I've yet to come up with firm plans that will ensure a good balance of visual presentation, lighting, and safety.
【Nene】Safety...
【Nene】Are you still feeling bad about what happened? That Tsukasa got injured.
【Rui】It would be a lie for me to say that it doesn't bother me anymore, but this is somewhat different.
【Nene】How is it different?
【Rui】What you're worried about is whether I'm being overly affected by it, right?
【Nene】Well, yes...
【Rui】Then you can rest assured. After all, thanks to you and Emu, I managed to talk things out with Tsukasa.
【Rui】(It's just that, as a director, I should never take the actors on stage for granted.)
【Rui】(Especially for someone like Tsukasa, who's willing to go along with anything I ask him to do.)
【Nene】I see. So am I right to say you're just thinking ahead?
【Rui】Of course you are.
【Nene】I'm glad you're feeling yourself again, then.
【Rui】Alright. That's all for Robo-Nene's maintenance.
【Nene】Thanks. Well, I should head home now.
【Rui】Oh, just a minute, Nene.
【Nene】What is it?
【Rui】When I had that fight with Tsukasa, your suggestion to visit SEKAI really helped.
【Rui】I definitely wouldn't have been able to resolve that problem on my own. So I appreciated that.
【Nene】Well, KAITO was the one who gave you the advice you needed, though.
【Rui】Heheh. Still, if you hadn't made the suggestion, I would still be stuck in a rut of worries by myself right now.
【Rui】That's why I just wanted to say how grateful I am again.
【Rui】Thank you, Nene.
【Nene】Yeah. You're very welcome.
【Nene】I'm looking forward to see how you'll direct the next show.
【Rui】Yes. I promised Tsukasa and Emu too, after all. You can expect to see great things indeed.
[Sound] bgm00000
