【Hanasato Minori — Let's Do A Fan Meeting!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hanasato Minori
Card: Let's Do A Fan Meeting!（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: MORE MORE Making Christmas
scenarioId: 005012_minori02

[Background Change] bg_b002002
[Caption] Shibuya Okuyama Building - Basement Hall
【Saito】Okay, let's start taking everything down! We need to remain focused until the end so that we don't have any accidents.
【Minori】Because an event isn't over until you get home!
【Airi】You sound like an elementary schooler going on a field trip.
【Staff】Haha.
【Staff A】There! Just a little more to go!
【Staff B】Yeah! We'll start picking up all the trash around the building!
【Minori】Oh, I'll lend you guys a hand...
【Haruka】Slow down, Minori. Let's leave it up to the staff this time.
【Airi】Yeah, you never know when people are waiting for you at the exit.
【Minori】W-Waiting for me...?!
【Shizuku】Hehe. You look excited, Minori.
【Minori】N-No, it's not what you think! I was just wondering what it would be like for that to happen, but you're right. We don't want to cause a fuss.
【Minori】Th-Thank you for taking care of this! I'm sorry about not being able to lend you a hand!
【Staff A】You can count on us, Minori!
【Staff B】We'll make it so that this place shines even brighter than it did before the event!
[Sound] se00064
【Staff】We can't let them take all the credit!
【Staff】Yeah, let's get to work!
[Sound] se00064
【Saito】We'll be moving some of the equipment now, so please be mindful if you're working by any doors or walkways!
【Staff】Okay!
【Staff】Please bring the mic stands here! Yes, all at once is fine!
【Staff】I'll gather all the bolts and stuff. We can't be losing any of these.
【Staff】Thanks! I was just looking for somewhere to put them!
【Minori】Oh...
【Minori】Whoa... They're cleaning everything up so fast!
【Shizuku】Yes, they seem to know exactly what they're doing now.
【Airi】Getting through this event seems to have given them all a much-needed boost in confidence.
【Haruka】And I have a feeling that they've taken what Minori just said to heart. About how an event's not over until it's actually over...
【Minori】...! Hehe. I sure hope so.
【Minori】Alright, I'm gonna go help clean up too!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
【Minori】(Let's see... I'd like to help out somewhere that looks shorthanded... Oh!)
【Minori】(It's Yuina! Is she trying to move that table by herself? Now's my chance...!)
【Minori】Yuina, let me help you!
【Yuina】Sure... M-Minori?!
【Yuina】Thank you very much, but this is really heavy. I'd feel awful about making an idol carry anything heavier than a mic...
【Minori】No, it's okay! We're the ones that asked our fans to do all this for us, so think of it as me returning the favor!
【Yuina】Huh? Oh...
【Yuina】Hehe. Okay! In that case, I accept!
【Minori】Great! We can do this together!
【Minori】Phew... That should be the last of the folding chairs.
【Yuina】Thank you so much for your help, Minori.
【Minori】No, I should be the one saying that.
【Minori】Thank you again for helping us out today, Yuina! I really appreciate it!
【Yuina】What? No, please...! Thank you for letting me help out today!
【Yuina】I'm usually only able to show my support by buying CDs and merchandise, or by cheering during shows...
【Yuina】But I'm so happy that I was able to directly help you all out like this! It was an incredible experience!
【Minori】I-It was...?! You're okay with seeing your favorite idols carry around folding chairs like this...?
【Yuina】Of course! It was a great experience because I got to see you doing everything you could for us...
【Yuina】You did everything you could to give us hope.
【Yuina】Hehe. I actually started to tear up a little when the event started because I was so moved.
【Minori】Yuina...
【Yuina】So I'd like to help you out and show my support again if I ever get that chance!
【Minori】Okay... Yeah! Thank you so much!
【Minori】I don't really know what things are gonna be like next time, but I promise to pay it forward and do everything I can to spread more and more hope!
[Sound] bgm00000
