【Kiritani Haruka — Unbeatable Coordination!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Unbeatable Coordination!（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Our Precious Memories
scenarioId: 006027_haruka02

[Background Change] bg_a003401
[Caption] Nonogi Park
【Haruka】Oh... Saki! Over here!
【Saki】Ah, Harukaaa!
[Sound] se00100_b
【Saki】Sorry, did I make you wait?
【Haruka】No, I just got here too early. I've been really looking forward to today.
【Saki】Hehe, I've really been looking forward to it too!
【Saki】I mean, I get to see the photo album you made♪
【Haruka】Hehe. Then, should we go ahead and show each other?
【Saki】Yeah! One, two, three...
【Haruka & Saki】Ta-da!
【Saki】Whoa... Your album looks so trendy! It's the color of the sky on a sunny day, and so totally you!
【Haruka】Hehe, thanks. I wanted to keep the cover simple, so I chose an album without any pattern on it and just added the title.
【Saki】Wait! You wrote these cursive letters, Haruka?! That's amazing!
【Saki】And the ribbon holding it together is a super cute accent!
【Haruka】It feels a little embarrassing getting so many compliments on it. Still, Saki, the cover on yours is really cute too.
【Haruka】It's decorated with these drawings and stickers, and looking at it makes me excited about all the fun memories it must be filled with.
【Saki】Hehehe, I made it all sparkly so it'd feel like a treasure chest full of memories♪ I decorated the inside a whole bunch too, so you can look forward to that!
【Haruka】Hehe, got it. Can we start with yours, then?
【Saki】Sure! Go ahead♪
[Sound] se00383_b
【Haruka】Oh... There's a heading for each photo written in a speech bubble.
【Haruka】Hehe. This picture of us eating lunch together at the Sports Festival says, “Haruka's omelets are seasoned with soy sauce and not too sweet♪”
【Saki】Yeah! Since I was happy I got to swap food with you♪
【Saki】Oh! Speaking of the Sports Festival, there's also a photo from when we tried mixing a bunch of fountain drinks at the diner we went to for the after-party!
【Haruka】That was one of the photos you gave me too. Look, I also included it in my album.
[Sound] se00383_b
【Saki】You did! Hehehe, I'm happy you used it♪
【Saki】But wow, Haruka, your album even looks trendy on the inside! Like the way you stuck the photos in with masking tape!
【Haruka】That's actually something I was particular about. It was fun picking out different colors of tape based on each picture, so I spent a lot of time on that.
【Haruka】Oh... But it was pretty tough deciding on a color to match this photo. There wasn't a color that really matched the fountain drink mix you made...
【Saki】Hahaha! I mixed every drink together, so it turned a pretty crazy color! But it surprised me since it was actually good...
【Haruka】(We really did make lots of fun memories...)
【Haruka】(But...)
【Haruka】(That might be making me feel kind of sad after all. I'm sure I'll be able to remain friends with Saki and the others even once I'm in the credit-based course, but...)
【Haruka】(Having after-parties when a school event is over, going to hang out after school like in this picture... I probably won't be able to do that as much.)
【Haruka】(So, I'll treasure the memories I've made with everyone...)
【Saki】Oh yeah! By the way, I got a certificate from Ichi and the girls the other day♪
【Haruka】Huh? What for?
【Saki】For achieving everything on the list of things I wanted to do!
【Saki】And I was happy just that I got a certificate, but what they wrote on it made me even happier!
【Haruka】Huh, that sounds great. What did it say?
【Saki】Well, there was the part about how great it was that I finished my list and made lots of memories...
【Saki】And it also said “Let's continue to make more memories together”!
【Haruka】Oh...
【Saki】That got me thinking that even though I already made lots of memories this year, this isn't the end...
【Saki】I want to keep making lots more memories and adding more pages to this album.
【Saki】I hope I can make lots more memories with you too, Haruka♪
【Haruka】Saki...
【Haruka】Yes... I feel the same.
【Haruka】It's not just the memories I've made up until now... I want to treasure the ones I'll be making from now on too.
【Saki】Yeah! And let's definitely go on that trip like we promised during the field trip!
【Haruka】Right. Let's iron out a plan with Ichika and the others when we get a chance.
【Saki】Where would be good...?! Hot springs would be great, but I wanna go camping too! Oh, or—
【Haruka】Hehe. But first, I'd like to see more of your album.
【Saki】Oh, right!
【Saki】I want you to see it too, and I also wanna see yours!
【Haruka】Okay. My favorite pictures are...
[Sound] bgm00000
