【Tenma Tsukasa — Reaching For Great Heights〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: Reaching For Great Heights（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: With Your Sights on Stardom, Set Sail!
scenarioId: 013033_tsukasa02

[Background Change] bg_d002501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
[Caption] Harbor
【Tsukasa】Ah, I knew that coming over to SEKAI for my run was a good idea...
【Tsukasa】But this bustling city! This vast sea!
【Tsukasa】This is just the breath of fresh air I was looking for. My run is going to feel incredible now!
【Tsukasa】Hm? That looks like.
【Tsukasa】Yes, it's KAITO and Len. Hello!
【KAITO】Huh?
【Len】Oh! Hey, Tsukasa!
[Sound] se_run_men_001_1
【KAITO】Hello. We didn't realize you were here.
【Tsukasa】Yes, I'm here for my daily run, but I decided to go somewhere new and different today.
【Tsukasa】What were you two doing? You seem to have come this way from the city...
【Len】We were actually just about to check out something that we've been meaning to!
【Tsukasa】Check something out?
【Len】Yeah! Here, this is the map showing how to get to Star Island!
【KAITO】We were wondering if climbing up somewhere high would allow us to see the island. We gave it a try and...
【Len】We couldn't see it at all...
【Tsukasa】I see... That's unfortunate.
【Tsukasa】However, it's not the end of the world!
【Tsukasa】I'm going to keep growing as an actor, cross that sea and take you to Star Island, Len!
【Len】You will? Thanks, Tsukasa! I can't wait!
【KAITO】Still, getting this map back ended up being quite an ordeal.
【Tsukasa】Yes. We thought it got blown away, but it was really taken by that phoenix, and then we had to run around SEKAI to find it...
【Tsukasa】We just somehow managed to get it back in the end, but it took an enormous amount of effort.
【Len】Hehe. But it also felt like a big adventure, which made it fun!
【Len】Plus, Tsukasa, how you got it back was super duper cool!
【Tsukasa】It was?
【Len】Yeah, because you and Rion were so determined! And when you guys actually managed to actually touch that phoenix!
【Len】I thought that was really cool... You guys did your absolute best!
【Tsukasa】Heh heh heh... Yes, I imagine we looked very cool that time! You were all moved by our bravery, yes?!
【KAITO】Haha. Yes, and...
【KAITO】I thought the way you encouraged Rion to keep trying when he was feeling very down was heroic.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】The way I encouraged him...?
[Sound] se00053_b
【Tsukasa】Trust me, Rion. I guarantee that those feelings will help you succeed.
【Tsukasa】Don't run from them. Accept your current situation and keep pushing forward...
【Tsukasa】If you do so, your dream will come true!!
【Tsukasa】(That time...?)
【Tsukasa】In that moment, Rion looked somewhat like my old self.
【Len】Your old self?
【Tsukasa】Yes. Throughout all the shows we've done up to this point, I've been shown numerous times just how painfully far away I am from making my dream come true.
[Sound] bgm00039
【Tsukasa】And when we did “The Happy Phoenix”... A thought crossed my mind.
【Tsukasa】That my dream might never come true.
【KAITO】Tsukasa...
【Tsukasa】Rion was ready to give on his dream of flying with that phoenix. Just as I was ready to give up on my dream.
【Tsukasa】But that's also why I think I was able to get through to him.
【Tsukasa】He understood that it's important to not give up. To endure any pain and suffering...
【KAITO】Right.
【Len】Do you think he'll actually get to fly with that phoenix?
【Tsukasa】Who knows? I honestly can't say...
【Tsukasa】But the important thing is to keep believing! As long as he doesn't give up on his dream, it will come true someday!
【Tsukasa】Plus, he's in possession of that phoenix feather now.
【KAITO】You gave it to him, yes?
【Tsukasa】Yes, because it should help him get through the tough times as he tried to make his dream come true moving forward!
【Tsukasa】Every time he looks at that feather, he'll feel encouraged since it's going to remind him of the emotions behind his dream!
【Tsukasa】But I've been talking for long enough...! Because I have to work just as hard as Rion to make my dream come true!
【Tsukasa】So... I'll be doing my run now!
【Len】Alright, have fun!
【KAITO】Have a good run, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Thank you, I will!
【Tsukasa】Now, I'll start with three laps of the harbor! *Roar*
[Sound] se00349_b
[Sound] bgm00000
