【Tenma Saki — Dozing Off In Art Class〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: Dozing Off In Art Class（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Little Bravers!
scenarioId: 002022_saki02

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Early morning
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C
[Sound] se00046
【Saki】Phew... Thank goodness we managed to finish our assignments!
【Ichika】Yeah. And it was so nice of the teacher to get here early.
【Saki】Hehe. I'm so glad♪ Now we can keep practicing without worrying about anything else!
【Ichika】Still, I can't believe we both fell asleep during class like that...
【Saki】I know, right...?
【Saki】You actually get to do stuff during art. As busy as we were preparing for our solo show, I'm surprised we couldn't stay awake...
【Ichika】Haha. Let's be sure to never do that again.
【Ichika】On top of getting scolded by the teacher, we have to spend extra time making up for our mistakes. I'd prefer to avoid all that.
【Saki】Same...
【Saki】Oh, also... I think that was the first time I ever got scolded by a teacher!
【Ichika】That's not true. You definitely got scolded during elementary school.
【Saki】What?! Are you sure?!
【Ichika】Yes. Remember when we tried to fling our shoes across the schoolyard?
【Ichika】You flung yours into the teachers' office and they got really mad at you.
【Saki】Oh... R-Right. I kinda sorta vaguely recall...
【Ichika】Hehe. Oh, Saki. At the same time...
【Ichika】I might not mind this kind of thing every so often.
【Saki】Yeah, same! I really don't want to get scolded again...
【Saki】But it really feels like we're enjoying school life, you know♪
【Ichika】I understand what you're trying to say, but does getting scolded by a teacher count as us enjoying school life?
【Saki】It so does! Because it's like one of the cornerstones of being a student!
【Ichika】Okay, sure. That's bound to happen to anyone at school... But I'd sort of rather enjoy school in a more positive way.
【Saki】In a more positive way?
【Ichika】Yeah, such as...
【Ichika】How about volunteering for something together...?
【Saki】Yeah, volunteering! We could collect donations or pick up litter somewhere!
【Ichika】Exactly. Remember how we did that a few times during elementary school?
【Ichika】Going somewhere with your classmates while class is in session is something you can only experience when you're in school, right?
【Saki】Yeah...! Stuff like that's always really fun!
【Saki】Oh, also...! Getting the blackboard to be totally spotless! That's something you can only do at school!
【Ichika】I never thought about that, but I agree about it being very school-specific.
【Saki】Exactly! And I always love using the machine that shakes chalk off the erasers♪
【Ichika】Haha. I know what you mean.
[Sound] se00508
【Ichika】I hear some voices in the distance... That must be everyone else!
【Saki】Yeah! Oh, that's it...!
【Saki】Ichi, wanna say good morning to everyone as they enter our classroom?!
【Saki】A hearty greeting to start off the day! That's also really school-like, right?
【Ichika】Hehe. Those are the kinds of things I'd never think of doing.
【Ichika】Alright, Saki, let's say good morning to everyone.
【Saki】Yeah!
[Sound] se00046
【Saki & Ichika】Good morning!
[Sound] bgm00000
