【Megurine Luka — Precise Advice〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Megurine Luka
Card: Precise Advice（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Live with Memories
scenarioId: 024018_luka01

[Background Change] bg_f000201
[Caption] School SEKAI
[Sound] se00218
【Luka】(Oh, is somebody playing the guitar?)
【Luka】(But Ichika left to work on her lyrics, and the other girls are already gone.)
【Luka】(Does that mean...?)
[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Sound] se00102
[Sound] se00046
[Sound] se00047
【Luka】Ah, Miku, I suspected it was you.
【Miku】Hi, Luka. Wait, why did you suspect me?
【Luka】I came here to see who was playing the guitar since Ichika and the others had left already.
【Luka】Lo and behold... Hehe. Looks like I was right. Are you trying to come up with more ideas for their song?
【Miku】Yeah. The girls and I managed to come up with some good ones, so I decided to write them down while they were still fresh.
【Luka】(But she's been here all by herself since they left...?)
【Luka】I would've helped if you just asked.
【Miku】No, that's okay. I was really just writing down anything that came to mind.
【Luka】Oh, really?
【Luka】(But it's so clear that she's been putting a lot of thought into this based on how many ideas she's written down.)
【Luka】You seem very invested in this one, Miku.
【Miku】Huh? Again, I was just writing down anything that came to mind...
【Luka】Hehe. You say that, but your actions tell a different story, no?
【Miku】*Sigh*
【Luka】Why do you seem so inspired?
【Miku】About that...
【Miku】Ichika saying that she started listening to songs sung by me when she was little made me so happy.
【Luka】Oh, that's right. The girls mentioned that while talking about what they did during elementary school.
【Miku】Yes.
【Miku】And those siblings that Ichika told us about...
【Miku】The girls are trying to do what they can for them, so I began wondering if I could also help them somehow.
【Luka】I feel the same way.
【Luka】We can't just sit back and wait to see what happens. I mean, they care about each other so much but have to live apart...
【Miku】Exactly.
【Miku】To tell you the truth... Ichika came here all by herself right after the girls discovered their true feelings.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Luka】By herself?
【Miku】Yes. She seemed concerned, so we decided to have a session together and chat for a bit...
[Sound] se00053
【Ichika】I guess I must have been worried.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Ichika】I was afraid. I'm really happy to be talking with everyone like we used to, but I think I got scared imagining everything falling apart again.
【Ichika】I'm sorry, Miku. I shouldn't be saying things like this right after you just helped us remember how much we all wanted to be together again.
【Miku】There's nothing to be sorry about.
【Miku】It's only natural to be worried about losing something so precious to you.
【Ichika】Yeah, I guess you're probably right.
【Luka】I see...
【Luka】I don't blame her... I mean, her biggest wish actually came true.
【Luka】As elated as she was, a part of her feared that she'd lose them again someday.
【Miku】Right...
【Miku】The more memories you make with someone, the harder it becomes to say goodbye to them.
【Miku】Ichika experienced that firsthand, so she feels compelled to try and empathize with her fans. To tell that brother and sister through song.
【Luka】Yes.
【Luka】She'll be okay, Miku... I'm sure they'll hear Ichika's message loud and clear.
【Luka】And she's probably working on the lyrics for that right now.
【Miku】Yeah, true...
【Miku】I have a feeling she's going to write something really special.
【Luka】Oh, what a coincidence. So do I.
【Miku】Alright, since Ichika's probably hard at work, I'll try coming up with more ideas.
【Luka】Hehe. I'll join you for a bit.
【Miku】You will? Thank you.
[Sound] bgm00000
