【Tenma Tsukasa — Meat Gives You Energy!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: Meat Gives You Energy!（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Backlight, Lens Flare
scenarioId: 013032_tsukasa01

[Background Change] bg_a000101
[Sound] se00034_b
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Courtyard
【Tsukasa】“Ah, there is nothing like flowers growing by the side of the road...”
【Tsukasa】“These look like pansies. Their various colors, forms and aromas are wonderful.”
【Tsukasa】“And what do we have here growing in this flower bed...?”
【???】Huh? Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Hm?
[Sound] se00171_b
【Tsukasa】Oh, hello, everyone! Having lunch in the courtyard today?
【Toya】Yes, since it's so nice out. We decided to have lunch in the courtyard while getting some drinks.
【Toya】What were you doing just now, Tsukasa? It looked like you were talking to the flowers...
【Tsukasa】Ah, that? I was just getting into character for my next role!
【Mizuki】Your next role? For a show?
【Tsukasa】No, not for a show.
【Tsukasa】As it so happens, Wonderlands×Showtime is going to be in a feature film!
【Mizuki】What?! A film?!
【Toya】That's incredible news...! What's your character going to be like?
【Tsukasa】Okay, get ready. I'll be playing...
【Tsukasa】Young Man A, who squats while admiring flowers!!!
【Mizuki】Young Man A? Admiring flowers...?
【Akito】That sounds like...
【Tsukasa】Correct! We're going to be extras!
【Tsukasa】It may not be glamorous, but we nonetheless get to play people who live in this film's world.
【Tsukasa】And I'm getting into character because I plan on being the most believable flower-admiring man I can be!
【Toya】I see. As always, Tsukasa, I'm impressed by your work ethic. No matter the role, you're giving it everything you have.
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah hah! Yes, thank you!
【Akito】Giving it everything you have is fine and all... But to be honest, you looked more suspicious than usual just now...
【Mizuki】Yeah... I mean, you were smiling while talking to those flowers... Everyone started backing away from you...
【Toya】Still, you're practicing here at school. That's quite the dedication.
【Tsukasa】Oh, so... There's a reason why I'm practicing here at school...
【Mizuki】A reason?
【Tsukasa】Yes... The thing is, when I was given this role, I went outside to look for some flowers to practice with...
【Tsukasa】But every time I tried talking to some, the children in my neighborhood started giving me these strange looks...
【Tsukasa】I decided that it wasn't right of me to make them feel uncomfortable.
【Tsukasa】So, I'm practicing here at school where it shouldn't be a bother to anyone!
【Toya】Yes, I see.
【Akito】To be fair, you were still getting a lot of weird looks.
【Tsukasa】However, after getting a chance to look at all these flowers...
【Tsukasa】It's clear that the ones at school are much more robust than the ones in the park.
【Mizuki】Robust?
【Tsukasa】Yes. The flowers in the park are all very pretty, but the ones here at school...
【Tsukasa】They seem much more vibrant for some reason.
【Tsukasa】The leaves are this rich green color, and each petal seems to be brimming with life...
【Tsukasa】What if these are the ones that Rui and the other members of the greening committee have been looking after?!
【Toya】Oh, you may be right...!
【Akito】I just hope they aren't using any funny fertilizers...
【Mizuki】Haha... I mean, they seem pretty healthy, so there's probably nothing wrong with them... I hope...
【Toya】However, I have heard that certain dangerous insects like to hide in flower beds. Please try to keep that in mind, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Ah, Toya, I appreciate the concern! However, there is no need for you to worry!
【Tsukasa】Because... This bug spray here will keep me safe!
【Toya】You've come prepared. My concerns were misplaced.
【Tsukasa】No, your words still mean something.
【Tsukasa】And having others watch gives me the motivation I need to succeed... I can't help but feel even more excited about being in this film!
【Toya】I don't know much about filmmaking, but I wish you the best. You'll always have my support.
【Mizuki】Yeah, make it a double! I wanna go see it when it releases♪
【Tsukasa】Excellent. I'll let you all know when we hear about the release date. So, until then, stay tuned!
[Sound] bgm00000
