【Tenma Saki — Most Important Wish〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: Most Important Wish（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: SEKAI Happy New Year!
scenarioId: 002007_saki01

[Background Change] bg_a002504
[Caption] Shrine Hall
【Saki】Oh, everyone! Look! We can make wish plaques here!
【Saki】Since we're here, we should write our wishes from earlier!
【Shiho】But we already made our wishes. Do we really need to do this all over again?
【Saki】What if this doubles the chances of them coming true?
【Ichika】Well, I guess so...
【Honami】Yeah. It's a New Year tradition too so...
【Shiho】Okay.
【Honami】Earlier, there were so many people standing behind me that I sort of cut it short...
【Honami】But you're supposed to thank the spirits for watching over you and let them know your name and where you're from.
【Saki】Really? I never knew that, Hona...!
【Saki】I didn't tell the spirits any of that, so I better put that on the wish plaque!
【Shiho】Hold your horses! That's your personal information. Are you sure you want that to become public information?
【Saki】Yeah, but...
【Ichika】You could just write your first name?
【Ichika】Look, lots of other people wrote their first names on these plaques.
【Saki】But what if the spirits mistake me for some other Saki?
【Saki】Wait, I know what I'll do! I'll draw my face next to my name!
【Honami】Wait... Your face?
【Shiho】Saki, do you really want to have your wish granted that much?
【Saki】Of course! I really, REALLY want to have it come true!
【Saki】Let's all draw our faces on the wish plaques!
【Honami】Um... That's a nice idea... But I'll pass...
【Shiho】Yeah. You might spook even the spirits with your art, Honami.
【Ichika】On the contrary, her unique style might draw their attention.
【Honami】Guys, please...
【Saki】Hey! Stop picking on Hona!
【Shiho】I think you should do the drawing for all of us, since it was your brilliant idea.
【Honami】Yes. I'd like that, too.
【Saki】You sure? Okay, I'll draw you really cute!
【Saki】Big eyes with long eyelashes... Your hair tied like this and... Done!
【Ichika】Wow, it's minimalistic but you captured her characteristics.
【Honami】Oh, wow! Thank you, Saki! It's so cute, I feel like I owe you!
【Saki】You owe me nothing, Hona! I just hope you get your wish granted too!
【Honami】Thanks!
【Shiho】By the way, Saki, what did you wish for?
【Ichika】Oh, I'm curious to know too.
【Shiho】Yeah. What is it that you want granted so badly?
【Saki】Teehee. Okay then, are you ready? Ta-da...! Take a look♪
【Ichika】It says, I want to be with my besties forever! Hehe. I guessed as much.
【Shiho】Are you sure you want to go with this one? You already made this wish before.
【Saki】Well, I have lots of wishes and it was a tough choice...
【Saki】I want to get better at playing the keyboard, not miss out on any of the school events by being sick and...
【Saki】I want school, clubs, work, hanging out and everything else to be nothing but fun!
【Ichika】Hehe. That is a lot of wishes.
【Saki】Hehehe...
【Saki】But you know what? I realized that none of those things would be fun if I didn't have you guys.
【Saki】So the wish I want granted most is for us to be together!
【Honami】Aww, Saki...
【Ichika】I'm all for that. Let's have another fun year together!
【Shiho】Then you should make it clear when you write out your wish.
【Saki】Yup!
【Saki】(Kind spirits, make my wish come true. Pretty please!)
【Shiho】What should we do next?
【Honami】We could walk around some more and take a look at the stalls we missed. Miku and Luka will be happy to hear about everything we see!
【Ichika】Okay, let's do that. And then... Oh!
【Ichika】Look at all those stars! Is that one Orion's Belt?
【Saki】Really? Where?
[Sound] bgm00000
