【Tenma Tsukasa — Sprinting For Stardom!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: Sprinting For Stardom!（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Perspective for Smile
scenarioId: 013036_tsukasa02

[Background Change] bg_a000301
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Kamiyama High School - Class 3-C
【Tsukasa】What...? “Subscribe to the Jidaigeki Channel. Free first month!”...?
【Tsukasa】Wait, this is an incredible deal...! It has over a thousand different episodes available!
【Rui】Hm? Tsukasa? You seem awfully happy about something.
【Tsukasa】Ah, Rui. I just saw this offer for the Jidaigeki Channel and was wondering if I should subscribe.
【Rui】A channel for historical dramas...?
【Tsukasa】Yes! A few Mikazukigumi members gave me some recommendations.
【Tsukasa】Since we'll be working with them for a while, I thought I should learn what I can in my spare time.
【Rui】I see. So, what has your impression been?
【Tsukasa】When I took some time to watch, I found them quite interesting.
【Tsukasa】In particular, the director's cut version of Komiya's Chushingura! The villainous portrayal of Kira Kozukenosuke left me stunned...
【Tsukasa】Also, “The Phantom Assassin” series. I remember being so enthralled by the way the protagonist defeated all those enemies at once! Especially the battle in the fog during the last episode!
【Rui】Yes, that one's very famous. Throughout its ten-year run, they made it so each season had a unique style to it. But the overall theme of the hero working in the shadows to defeat evil never changed...
【Tsukasa】Oh, Rui, you're familiar with it?!
【Rui】Hehe. A little. I went through a phase of watching historical dramas to see how they were made.
【Rui】Actually, Tsukasa, I'm guessing you enjoyed the fourth season quite a lot since it has such a satisfying arc.
【Tsukasa】Hm?
【Rui】The hero's life as a ringleader of thieves came to a screeching halt as he became mixed up in a series of incidents. Ultimately, he starts fighting the evildoers behind them.
【Rui】Also, despite being a thief, he's a leader who cares about his comrades and has the charisma to match. A hero who has the respect of both his allies and enemies.
【Rui】Am I right in saying that you've thought about what it'd be like to play him?
【Tsukasa】Yes, that's right! How did you know?
【Rui】It seemed natural. An honest thief who can't lie. A lovable criminal. That seemed right up your alley, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Yes, those very qualities are why I found this character so appealing! How can it not be fun to play him?
【Tsukasa】While we're on the subject, I have to ask...
【Tsukasa】The battle in the fog at the end... If you were the director, Rui, I'm guessing you would've wanted to use a snow machine.
【Tsukasa】On top of the fog greatly reducing visibility, the hero would have to deal with the cold while fighting off countless enemies. That's the kind of scene I feel you'd make it...
【Rui】Yes, that's not a bad idea.
【Tsukasa】Hah, I knew it!
【Tsukasa】That being said, the Rui Kamishiro I know would easily come up with something more spectacular than what I just said!
【Rui】Huh?
【Tsukasa】You always come up with ideas that I never expect, no?
【Rui】Thank you. I appreciate the compliment.
【Rui】But you're also always exceeding my expectations with your performances, Tsukasa.
【Rui】Actually, not just you. Emu and Nene as well.
【Tsukasa】I agree. I believe Emu gave us a particularly big surprise as Ushiwakamaru this time around.
【Tsukasa】Oh, speaking of her, that reminds me...
【Tsukasa】I feel that she'd be the perfect person to play the enemy who appears during the middle of the fourth season of “The Phantom Assassin”!
【Rui】The happy-go-lucky sword master who was working as a mercenary?
【Rui】Yes, given Emu's innocent nature, she'd probably do a good job of capturing that character's enigmatic personality.
【Tsukasa】See what I mean?!
【Rui】Which means Nene would play the protagonist's assistant, yes?
【Tsukasa】Yes, I agree! She's clumsy in an endearing way, which I think makes her a good character.
【Tsukasa】And she undergoes a nice transformation. She starts out quiet, but slowly starts to help him after he saves her.
【Tsukasa】She's athletic and is the perfect partner when a big fight breaks out.
【Rui】We've become much more agile after we started training with Mikazukigumi, so I'm sure she'd do well when she and the protagonist fight alongside each other.
【Tsukasa】Yes, we've all become much better at performing fight scenes thanks to them...
【Tsukasa】So, we could conceivably put on our own little historical drama someday!
【Rui】Yes, we could... We should invite KAITO and the others when we do.
【Tsukasa】Oh, doing it in SEKAI's an excellent idea!
【Tsukasa】But things may become a bit chaotic...
【Tsukasa】Oh, speaking of chaotic, that one series is also very good! “The Swift-footed Shinsengumi.”
【Rui】Oh, you've seen that as well? It's quite an obscure series...
【Tsukasa】It was made by the same director as “The Phantom Assassin”, so I felt that I needed to watch it!
【Rui】But I'm somewhat doubtful that it helped in terms of learning more about the genre. I mean, most of the early episodes are full of jokes and comedy.
【Tsukasa】True... I definitely wasn't expecting them to travel through time and find themselves in a school setting. I mean, they really tested the viewer's limits...!
【Tsukasa】But it grew on me as I watched. Actually, I thought it was very good overall.
【Tsukasa】Oh, did you see that one movie where the heroes from the Phantom Assassin series join together in a grand battle...?
【Rui】Yes, that was incredible. They did an excellent job including the best aspects of each season. Not only that...
[Sound] bgm00000
