【Kamishiro Rui — Tengu Swordsmanship〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Tengu Swordsmanship（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Perspective for Smile
scenarioId: 016035_rui02

[Background Change] bg_a003401
[Caption] Nonogi Park
【Rui】Okay, thank you for having me here today.
【Rui】I'll be stealing what I can from your personal training regimen, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Of course!
【Tsukasa】Still, you surprised me when you sent me that message saying, “I'd like to join you during your next holiday training session.”
【Rui】Hehe. I apologize for asking on such short notice.
【Rui】But our Mikazukigumi training has left me believing that my muscles leave much to be desired.
【Rui】I'm the director of our troupe, but also an actor. I feel that I need to train more in order to put on good performances.
【Tsukasa】I see... That's very admirable of you!
【Tsukasa】However, my training regimen involves some of the things Mr. Kijima suggested, so it's far from a walk in the park...
【Tsukasa】Please feel free to stop and take a break if it starts being too much for you! I'd rather you didn't push yourself too hard.
【Rui】Yes, I understand.
【Rui】(The strength exercises Tsukasa does on a regular basis are hard to begin with.)
【Rui】(So, getting through all of these isn't going to be easy. I'll need to muster up all the courage I can here...)
【Tsukasa】Alright, let's begin! With some stretches before we actually start!
【Tsukasa】First, our shoulders! Stretch out both your arms and...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Next, shuttle runs!
[Sound] bgm00052
【Tsukasa】Remember the things Mr. Kijima talked about! Breathe to match the pace at which you run and mind what your body does when you change directions!
【Rui】(Right...)
【Rui】(This is a good exercise in terms of understanding the way your body moves, since your speed's changing constantly.)
【Tsukasa】Ready? Start!
【Rui】(Next, we have planking while reading lines. This isn't going to be easy...)
【Tsukasa】“Drop your katana and leave this place! Only then shall I spare your life!”
【Rui】*Wince* “Oh, have you...no manners...?”
【Rui】(No...! My abs... It's so hard to speak...)
【Rui】(But I have to do what Emu and Mr. Kijima did. Ushiwakamaru needs to sound more relaxed. Doing this was my choice, so try to hang in there...)
【Rui】“Put away...that dreadful thing and...”
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】Huff... Huff... Huff...
[Sound] bgm00180
【Rui】(This is what Tsukasa does on a regular basis. I thought I'd been doing enough on my own, but I clearly haven't.)
【Tsukasa】Looks like you can't move a muscle. Here, I got you something to drink.
【Rui】Thank you, Tsukasa...
【Rui】But I can't believe you can still move after doing all those exercises...
【Tsukasa】I am a future star, after all! I need to be able to handle this much!
【Tsukasa】But credit where credit's due, Rui, I'm amazed you made it through until the end!
【Rui】I would've been ashamed to give up after asking for your help.
【Tsukasa】And you ended up pushing yourself to the limit...
【Tsukasa】More importantly, what did you think after giving my training regimen a try? Did you find anything that might help?
【Rui】Yes, of course.
【Rui】I'd have to reduce the number of reps I do, as well as learn how to use my body better, but I'm strongly considering incorporating some of the exercises we just did into my own workouts.
【Rui】Especially reading lines while planking... As hard as that was, I believe it'll do wonders for me.
【Tsukasa】Is that so...? Still, Rui, you really shouldn't push yourself too hard.
【Rui】Ah, thank you. I promise not to, since the last thing I want is to get hurt.
【Rui】But in order to become a good director, I want to learn as much as I possibly can during our time with Mikazukigumi.
【Rui】So, I plan on being able to complete any exercise that's thrown at me.
【Tsukasa】I see...
【Tsukasa】I admire your voracity! I wouldn't expect any less from our troupe's director!
【Rui】Hehe. Thank you.
【Rui】Let's both make the most of the time we have left with Mikazukigumi.
【Tsukasa】Yes, let's!
[Sound] bgm00000
