【Shiraishi An — Because We're Teammates〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Shiraishi An
Card: Because We're Teammates（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: STRAY BAD DOG
scenarioId: 010007_an02

[Background Change] bg_c000101
[Caption] Weekend Garage
【An】So we're deciding on which events we'll be entering in today, right?
【Akito】Yeah. The problem is that we've been invited by a bunch of people...
【Akito】These events give us experience and help us grow, but doing all of them is a little much...
【An】And that's why I came up with this idea! Here, take a look at these!
[Sound] se00096
【Kohane】Huh? Are these all event flyers? How many are there?!
【An】A lot of people working at the live houses around here come to ask if they can post these to advertise.
【Akito】Hold on... Aren't these all battle events?
【An】Of course! Those are the only ones I chose!
【Toya】Does that have something to do with this idea of yours...?
【An】Yup, you got it!
【An】We were originally two separate pairs, right? We really only became a foursome just recently if you think about it.
【An】That's why I want us to do as many events as possible as a complete team.
【Toya】I see. But why just battles?
【An】To keep honing our skills!
【An】Battle events have winners and losers, right?
【An】And no one participates in these unless they feel like they can win!
【Akito】Yeah, everyone's at each other's throats thinking that they'll be the ones that get the crowd going the most.
【An】Exactly! That's why I think we'll get better the fastest by doing these events!
【An】Also, I thought it'd be nice to find a singing style that suits us best.
【Kohane】A singing style?
【An】Yeah. For the longest time, I sang in shows and events on my own while I was looking for a partner.
【An】I know a lot about solo artists and performers, but not much about teams...
【An】Like EVER from STAY GOLDEN. I knew of them, but I didn't know anything about their songs or that they'd be in the same event as us.
【Akito】There wasn't much we could do about that.
【Akito】EVER performs at live houses outside of Vivid Street from what I heard too.
【Toya】Yes. Some teams even play at only one live house.
【Kohane】Really? I didn't know that...!
【An】That's what I'm talking about! There's probably still a bunch of other really good teams out there that we don't know about yet!
【An】I want us to find them, meet them and battle against them! We might even learn about what we might be missing or need to do as a team!
【Akito】And that's what you meant by us finding a singing style, huh...?
【An】Yes!
【Kohane】I agree with An. We might learn quite a bit by seeing how other teams sing and perform together!
【An】See? What do you two think?
【Toya】I agree as well.
【Toya】Especially since it'll help us grow both as a team and individually at the same time.
【Akito】Yeah. It's a pretty good idea all things considered.
【An】All things considered? What's that supposed to mean?
【Kohane】Hehe.
【Akito】Now, with An's idea in mind, let's get back to what we were talking about...
【Kohane】Right, which events should we pick...?
【Toya】Yes. We'll have to find the ones that best suit us first.
【An】Let's do this!
[Sound] bgm00000
