【Kamishiro Rui — Happy Birthday! 2025〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Happy Birthday! 2025（BD）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 016036_rui02

[Background Change] bg_a003401
[Caption] Nonogi Park
【Emu】Alright! Everything's ready☆ Everybody, let's do this!
【Everyone】Happy birthday! <Happy birthday!>
【Rui】Thank you all.
【Rui】I wasn't expecting you to have prepared something like this.
【Tsukasa】Well, it would have been a waste to let the day end having only tested some equipment!
【Emu】We had to throw a birthday picnic to celebrate!
【Nene】I don't think I've ever heard of a birthday picnic, but I guess this kind of thing can be nice once in a while.
【Rui】Yes, this kind of fresh spin is quite refreshing.
【KAITO】<The lunches you brought look amazing.>
【Miku】<Yeah, totally! I hope we get to try some!>
【Emu】There's lots left over that we couldn't fit in these lunch boxes, so we'll bring some over to SEKAI later!
【Rui】By the way, are all this food and the cake homemade?
【Tsukasa】Of course! We specially cooked and boxed up these lunches first thing this morning!
【Emu】And me and Nene worked super hard on your cake! I hope it came out yummy☆
【Rui】Hehe. With how delicious it looks, I'm sure you have nothing to worry about.
【Rui】And most impactful of all... Between the fried chicken, Salisbury steak and croquettes, all these beautiful shades of brown are stirring up my appetite.
【Nene】We actually wanted to make it a bit more colorful, but this is how things turned out when we put in all the stuff you like...
【Tsukasa】None of us could think of anything green you might enjoy...
【Rui】No, this is the perfect form of a boxed lunch, I assure you.
【Rui】That being said, this looks to be a lot of food for just four people.
【Nene】Yeah... I guess the four of us won't be able to finish it all.
[Sound] se00173_b
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rin】<Oh! Someone's coming this way!>
【Len】<Oh no! We've gotta hide!>
[Sound] se00632
【Emu】Huh?
【Mizuki】Wait, over there... Is that Rui?
【Rui】Hm? Mizuki?
【An】Oh, it's Tenma and his troupe!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Tsukasa】Ah, hello all of you. What good chums you are, to be spending your day off together!
【Mizuki】Hahaha, it was a total coincidence though! I only bumped into Li'l Bro and the gang a minute ago.
【Akito】It just kinda happened while we were on our way back from practice.
【Toya】Are you all out for a picnic?
【Rui】You could say that. My friends here put this together to celebrate my birthday.
【Mizuki】Oh right, 'cause your birthday's tomorrow!
【Kohane】A birthday picnic sounds so fun, especially in this nice weather.
【Emu】Oh... I've got it! Hey, guys! Why don't you celebrate with us?!
【An】Wait, is that okay?
【Nene】As you can probably see, we made way too much food...
【Mizuki】Well, since I'm here, I guess I'll crash this party♪
【Toya】We don't have any plans right now either, so what do you say we all join in?
【Akito】I guess we can...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】So, once again...
[Sound] bgm00190
【Everyone】Happy birthday!!! Happy birthday!
[Sound] se00235_b
【Rui】These are...
【Kohane】Wow, flower petals are raining from the sky!
【Akito】Falling from that drone flying around, you mean?
【Rui】It would seem you've already mastered my new contraption, Nene.
【Nene】The perfect thing was sitting right there, so it would've been wrong not to use it.
【Emu】Oh! While we're at it, let's shine a spotlight on Rui for the rest of the day!
【Rui】Hehe. I think I'll pass on that.
【Tsukasa】Go on! Rest assured, there's plenty to drink too! Please, savor the dishes we've made!
【Rui】Ah, thank you. I'll do just that... Yes, these omelets are seasoned just the way I like them. They're quite delicious.
【Emu】Ooh! You really mean it? I made those, actually! Yippee!
【Mizuki】Time to dig in♪ Whoa, this fried chicken is great! Who made this?
【Nene】Oh, I-I did... Um, I'm glad it came out well...
【Akito】Hey, this Salisbury steak's not bad either.
【Tsukasa】A discerning eye as always! You've chosen my specialty, Shining Pegasus Salisbury Steak!
【Akito】I dunno where the pegasus comes in... But it's good.
【An】But wow, isn't it crazy how we ran into Kamishiro right when we were talking about him?
【Rui】Hm? About me?
【Toya】Yes. We were discussing what to do for your birthday tomorrow.
【Mizuki】Like, how a surprise could be good since you're not really the type to make a big deal of your birthday.
【Kohane】Um...
【An】Yeah, and how you'd probably be floored if we brought you some cake during the lunch break!
【Rui】I'm touched that you were all making such plans for my sake. That being said, are you sure you wanted to tell me about it?
【An, Toya & Mizuki】Oh...
【Toya】Ah. The atmosphere of the picnic put us too at ease...
【An】Well hey, just think of it like this: you've got one more thing to look forward to! Let's come up with a new surprise plan later, guys!
【Tsukasa】In that case, I'll be taking part!
【Mizuki】Set your expectations high for tomorrow, Rui♪
【Rui】Yes, I'll be looking forward to seeing what mise-en-scène you all come up with for the day.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_s000325
[Sound] bgm00241
【Mizuki】Happy birthday, Rui!
【Kohane, An, Akito & Toya】Happy birthday!
【Kohane】Thank you for letting us join your picnic! It was really fun getting to celebrate together!
【Akito】Yeah, I guess it wasn't a bad way to celebrate. When you do something at school, you've gotta make it fit in the little bit of time between classes.
【Toya】Indeed. Still, I'm always amazed at the ideas Tsukasa and the others come up with. Kamishiro had such a happy look on his face.
【An】He was a little different from how he is at school. He even did another demonstration of his stage equipment for us! That was so fun.
【Mizuki】Hahaha, the one that shot out electricity was a different story though...
【Mizuki】Anyway, I was glad to see you so happy, Rui. I hope you have another fun year ahead!
【Honami & Minori】Happy birthday!
【Honami】Kohane told us about your birthday picnic. That's such a wonderful way to celebrate.
【Minori】Sitting around, eating some food... I bet that was super relaxing! I wanna take Samo out for a picnic sometime!
【Honami】In that case, I'd love to bring Shibao and have one together. What do you say, Kamishiro? Would you like to attend with Robo-Dog?
【Minori】Wow, that'd be fun! Let's have a pupper picnic, Kamishiro! I'll ask when you're free later!
【Airi】Happy birthday, Kamishiro! From what Emu told me, it sounds like you had a really nice celebration.
【Mafuyu】Testing new equipment, having a picnic... The day must have been full of excitement.
【Shizuku】That snow machine from the school trip was already amazing, but I wonder what you made this time.
【Airi】Hehe. It's hard not to be curious. Let's look forward to finding out at one of his future shows!
【Shizuku】Yes, that's right. I'm excited to see what you do next, Kamishiro.
【Mafuyu】I'm also rooting for you to bring your ideal shows into shape. Still, please do try to avoid any injuries.
【Tsukasa】Once again, Rui, happy birthday! I'm very pleased that you enjoyed your birthday picnic!
【Nene】We went with a picnic because you called us all out to the park, but it was nice getting to take things slow with how busy we've been lately.
【Emu】Yeah! I'm feeling super energized after that great rest! Now we gotta keep going all out with our training☆
【Nene】And Wonderlands×Showtime will be counting on its director for that.
【Tsukasa】Keep doing what you do best, Rui!
[Background Change] bg_d000501
【Rui】Thank you all for your birthday wishes.
【Rui】To think that so many people would think of ways to celebrate my birthday. It's a blissful feeling.
【Rui】Of course, I intend to thank you all for making me smile today by putting on more shows.
【Rui】I'll bring a dazzling, smile-inducing show to each and every one of you. This, I promise.
[Sound] bgm00000
