【Azusawa Kohane — Warm Camping Style〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: Warm Camping Style（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Same Dreams, Same Colors
scenarioId: 009013_kohane02

[Background Change] bg_c000101
[Caption] A week after the camping trip.
[Caption] Weekend Garage
【Akito】Alright, we can head over to practice once we're done drinking these.
【Kohane】Oh, can I have a minute before we do...?
【Toya】Yes, Azusawa?
【Kohane】I finished putting together the digital album for our camping trip.
【Kohane】Would you like to take a look before we start practice?
【An】A digital album? Like the one you made for Haruka, Minori and me after we went to PXL?
【Kohane】Yeah. I had my dad help me with that one, but I made it all on my own this time!
【Toya】Ah, now I see why you wanted us to send you any photos we took during our trip.
【Kohane】Yeah, especially since our trip was all about us envisioning the same thing as we sing a song.
【Kohane】So I thought it'd be nice to have something that can remind us of what we saw and experienced together.
【Akito】Whoa... The ones you took in continuous mode look pretty much like a video.
【An】Yeah, this is awesome! This makes it so easy to remember what we thought or felt at any particular point!
【Toya】And just the sheer number of photos... You took so many different kinds too, Azusawa...
【An】I know, right?! Everything from landscapes to these little birdies... She captured us really well too. Oh, here's one of me cooking. I look like I mean business♪
【Kohane】I thought about using just the ones where we're smiling at first, but I feel like this gives us a much better picture of what happened during our trip.
【Akito】Oh, here's one of An looking really depressed after not being able to figure out how to pitch that tent.
【An】Hey, I figured out that you had to follow a certain order to stick the poles in, didn't I?!
【Akito】But you didn't remember the actual order, so that doesn't really count.
【Kohane】Hehe. I'm really glad you suggested that we divide up roles, Shinonome. That really helped us out a lot in the end.
【An】Yeah, and sounding like you knew what you were doing helped too...
【Toya】When's this one from...? Akito seems very worried...
【Kohane】Oh, that happened while you were chopping vegetables.
【Kohane】I was hoping to get a picture of each of us prepping for dinner, but I couldn't resist taking this one... The expression on Shinonome's face was so priceless.
【An】Hehe. Yeah, you're right. His brow's almost as furled as Toya's!
【An】Oh, Akito, you worrywart!
【Akito】Quiet, you. Wouldn't you also be worried if someone was holding a knife for the first time?
【Toya】I apologize for making you feel that way. I promise to be more careful so that you can be at ease next time.
【Akito】Thanks, but it's not like we're gonna be using knives all that much.
【Toya】And this one has Azusawa in it... And Shiraishi in front of her, I think...? You look mad for some reason, Azusawa...
【An】Ah, that...
【Akito】Oh, I took that one.
【Akito】An was sneaking in a few bites but got caught by Kohane and then she got mad at her. It was too funny to not take a picture.
【An】It wasn't funny and you didn't have to do that!
【Kohane】Hehe... Oh, look. It's us picking those wild plants.
[Sound] bgm00000
【An】That was a really long album! But really good too!
[Sound] bgm00024
【An】Thanks for making that for us, Kohane!
【Kohane】Thank you for going through it with me! I'm really glad I made it now.
【Toya】It certainly helped us remember everything that happened and all that we gained during our trip.
【Akito】Alright, why don't we start practice while that's still fresh in our minds?
【An】Yeah!
【Kohane】(I'm glad they like it so much...)
【Kohane】(I hope we get more chances to take trips like that in the future, together.)
[Sound] bgm00000
