【Tenma Saki — The Ever Cheerful One〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Tenma Saki
Card: The Ever Cheerful One（1★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 002001_saki02

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-C
【Saki】Look at this, Ichi! This person has some really interesting videos about makeup.
【Ichika】Huh? Rabbit eyes? I didn't know that was a makeup style.
【Saki】Yeah! Just look at those cute eyes!
【Ichika】Hehe, they're cute. You can probably pull off this look.
【Saki】Hm? I'm pretty sure you can pull off this look too, Ichi.
【Ichika】Um, I'm...not sure about that?
【Saki】You absolutely can!
【Saki】Aww, if only I'd brought my makeup to school...
【Ichika】Only for the teachers to find and confiscate it?
【Saki】I mean, there's that risk, but...
【Saki】I know! Why don't you drop by my house after school today? It's been a while, hasn't it?
【Ichika】Your house? Now that you mention it, I haven't visited in a while.
【Saki】Yeah. Everyone used to visit pretty often when we were still first years in junior high.
【Saki】But after I was admitted into a hospital far away, that just wasn't possible anymore...
【Ichika】Oh...
【Saki】Ah... I mean, that's why I thought it might be fun to hang out at my house again after such a long time!
【Saki】I don't have soft tennis practice today, and I'm not scheduled for any work after school too!
【Saki】What about you, Ichi?
【Ichika】I don't have anything on today, either.
【Saki】Then...
【Ichika】Yes, I hope you don't mind if I drop by for a while.
【Saki】Of course not! Thanks, Ichi!
【Saki】Let's try out lots of different makeup looks♪ Oh, and lots of different hairstyles, too, while we're at it!
【Ichika】Sure. Let's try out everything you want.
【Saki】Ichi! Thank you!
【Saki】Alright! Which means I'm going to have to gather all the fashion magazines I can find in my house!
【Ichika】Saki... You're not going to try out every single makeup and hairstyle you find in those magazines...are you?
【Saki】Hehe... How'd you figure that out?
【Ichika】Fine, fine... I'll go along with that.
【Ichika】By the way, will Tsukasa be at home today? I haven't met him in a while and should probably go say hi if he is.
【Saki】Ah, I think he'll be at his part-time job today. He recently started working as a cast member at Phoenix Wonderland!
【Ichika】Oh, I didn't know that.
【Saki】I can tell he's really enjoying himself every day! Although, I haven't been able to watch any of his performances because our schedules keep clashing...
【Ichika】Why don't we go take a look together next time, then?
【Saki】Okay! I bet he'd be so surprised♪
【Saki】But today is makeup and hairstyling day! I wish school could be over like now!
【Ichika】Um, you know my hair's quite stubborn, so don't expect fantastic hairstyling results from it, okay?
【Saki】But your hair's so black and straight. Smooth and silky hair makes me so envious!
【Ichika】I think your soft and springy hair is a lot cuter, though.
【Saki】Really? It's so frizzy and hard to tame, but now I'm glad I worked so hard to curl it this morning♪
【Saki】Alright! I'm going to come up with a fantastic new hairstyle that's perfect for your hair, Ichi!
【Ichika】Okay. But please go easy on me, Saki.
【Saki】Hehe♪ I can't wait for school to be over!
[Sound] bgm00000
