【Aoyagi Toya — Wielding Our Weapons〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: Wielding Our Weapons（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 012043_touya01

[Background Change] bg_i000116
[Caption] ASTRO FES - Day 1
[Caption] Ensemble Square - Studio
【Izumi】Alright. Now that the script for our show's done, let's start practicing, Aoyagi.
【Izumi】Our joint performance is tomorrow. We can't afford to waste a second.
【Toya】Agreed. I'm looking forward to working with you.
【Izumi】I look forward to it as well. Though, I have a feeling we'll mostly be practicing independently.
【Toya】I suppose so. We'll be playing characters from two rival musical groups, each of us a vocalist known for his charm and elegance.
【Toya】And our roles require us to actually compete on the stage and demonstrate that elegance.
【Izumi】Competing in elegance... I guess that's true.
【Izumi】While I know I have the upper hand, don't expect me to go easy on you.
【Toya】Of course. I'll be giving it my all to be a worthy challenge.
【Toya】(Despite having said that... Sena is right.)
【Toya】(He's an idol and a professional model based in Europe.)
【Toya】(Also, I can tell just how much he has refined his singing and movements from watching Knights practice yesterday.)
【Toya】(If I want to have a fighting chance in a battle of elegance, I'll need to brush up the quality of my performance by a substantial amount.)
【Toya】(I need to do all that I can.)
【Toya】~~♪ ~~♪
【Izumi】Hey, he can sing pretty good.
【Izumi】However...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00171
[Caption] Several dozen minutes later
【Toya】~~♪ ~~♪
【Toya】Great. I think I have the song down.
【Izumi】The singing, at least.
【Toya】What...?
【Izumi】Everything else was awful. I couldn't stand watching.
【Toya】Would you mind elaborating...?
【Izumi】First of all, you focused so much on the singing that you neglected your posture. I don't know about street music, but if you're going to perform on a stage, you'd best stand tall and present well. Got it?
【Toya】U-Understood!
【Izumi】Now let's talk about your body movement... Am I right to say you're just moving to the music in whatever way comes to mind?
【Toya】Oh... Yes, you might be right.
【Izumi】That's not good enough. The way you command your body is crucial for demonstrating elegance. Think about how you want to present yourself and move accordingly.
【Toya】I see...
【Toya】Thank you for the advice, Sena. I'll try that out.
【Toya】(Presenting yourself in the way you want others to see you... Sena definitely fulfills his role through his body movement as well as his singing.)
【Toya】(I think I'll try adding some hand gestures to start...)
【Toya】~~♪
【Izumi】Stop, stop!
【Toya】...!
【Izumi】Nothing's changed. Just moving your hands isn't going to solve the problem. Be aware of what you're doing, all the way to your fingertips.
【Toya】I see... Understood!
【Toya】How is this?
【Izumi】*Nod* Better than before. But your movement is still awkward and doesn't look very elegant.
【Izumi】Try to match the feeling of the song. Tone down the pace and flow through your movement.
【Izumi】Like this.
【Toya】...!
【Izumi】Understand? Don't break focus for a...
【Izumi】What? What's with the blank face? Are you even listening?
【Toya】Oh... My apologies. I was just in awe.
【Toya】The movement is the same, and yet, you did it so gracefully. It looked completely different from how I did it. As expected of a professional model.
【Izumi】Is that so? Well, this is my forte, after all.
【Izumi】Also, that's what's required for our roles. As a professional, I wouldn't settle for anything of lesser quality.
【Izumi】Actually, no. This applies to everyone, regardless. Anyone who stands on stage is a performer.
【Toya】You're right. I would also like to perform my role as well as you, Sena.
【Izumi】Good. That's an excellent attitude to have.
【Toya】Also, you're a very kind and helpful person, Sena.
【Izumi】What? You think I'm kind?
【Toya】Even though I'm supposed to be your rival, you still gave me advice. It was very easy to follow, and I learned a lot.
【Izumi】Hold up. I didn't do it for the compliments, you know?
【Izumi】My performance would seem like nothing special if I didn't have a worthy opponent. So this was all for my own benefit.
【Toya】I see. Then, I'll be doing my best to be as good as you.
【Izumi】R-Right... Good luck.
【Izumi】(Something about him throws me off.)
【Izumi】(Although, I can't say that I dislike actually getting compliments and being listened to.)
【Izumi】(As for my juniors... It'd be nice if Kasa and the others could learn from Aoyagi's honesty.)
【Izumi】Just FYI, I don't bother giving pointers to those without potential.
【Izumi】Think you can meet my expectations, Aoyagi?
【Toya】...! Yes, I will!
【Izumi】Alright, now that we've gotten our individual parts down, let's practice together. It'd be better to go over the flow of the actual performance, no?
【Toya】Understood. Sounds like a plan.
[Sound] bgm00000
