【Kiritani Haruka — MORE MORE JUMP!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: MORE MORE JUMP!（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 006002_haruka01

[Background Change] bg_a001001
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Haruka】Oh...
【Minori】What is it?
【Haruka】Something smells tasty.
【Minori】Oh, you're right! Smells like butter to me?
【Haruka】You've got a good nose.
【Haruka】Look, that's a cream puff store over there.
【Minori】Huh. I didn't know there were any food stores that way.
【Minori】What a lucky find! Let's get something from there. Their cream puffs look so yummy. They don't skimp on the cream!
【Haruka】They do look tasty...
【Haruka】You know what, I'll just wait here while you go and get something for yourself.
【Minori】Why aren't you coming, Haruka? Oh, I'm so slow.
【Minori】You're on a diet? You mentioned it in a magazine interview some time ago, right?
【Haruka】That's right, I watch my calories, and those puffs really are loaded with cream...
【Minori】Oh no! Don't tell me cream puffs are calorie bombs!
【Haruka】They're not. Compared to other desserts, they're not terribly calorific.
【Haruka】Of course, if you eat a whole lot of them, that's a different story.
【Haruka】The best time for a sweet treat like this is after lunch.
【Haruka】When your metabolism is up and running, fill up on vegetables and some protein.
【Haruka】Then they won't cause you a sudden spike in blood sugar.
【Minori】You're so careful about what and when you're eating.
【Minori】But aren't you really a sucker for sweets? I saw you stop in front of that cake shop earlier, looking longingly at the display.
【Haruka】Um... Yeah, you got me.
【Minori】Then why don't you have them once in a while?
【Minori】I think that when you get your energy from something you love, it powers you up more, more!
【Haruka】Oh...
【Haruka】(She might have a point.)
【Haruka】(Training hard and sticking to a healthy diet contribute to my growth as an idol...)
【Haruka】(But doing things that make me happy is also important for staying motivated.)
【Haruka】You always surprise me with your insight, Minori.
【Haruka】Let's go get some cream puffs.
【Minori】Yay! Happy cream puff time with Haruka!
【Haruka】Oh, you can choose from six different types of cream filling.
【Minori】Six types, wow! Hmm, I can't choose...
【Minori】Which one are you getting, Haru—
[Sound] bgm00000
【Haruka】Hi, I'd like two of each, please.
【Minori】Uh, what?
【Haruka】What?
