【KAITO — Troupe Positions Open!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: KAITO
Card: Troupe Positions Open!（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 026003_kaito02

[Background Change] bg_d000501
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【KAITO】Everybody! The show is about to begin! ...Oh, who's this?
【Emu】Hellooo♪
【Nene】Hello...
【KAITO】Welcome, welcome, Emu and Nene! Our show is just about to begin. Would you like to stay and watch?
【Emu】Can we?! I wanna see, I wanna see♪
【Nene】Yes, me too...
【KAITO】Both of you are here by yourselves today?
【Nene】All four of us came together, but...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_d000401
【Miku】Heeey♪ Come join us in our show later☆
【Tsukasa】You're as random as always, but if you're saying that you need my star abilities, then...
【Tsukasa】Hehe... It is a request I cannot turn down.
【Miku】Yaaay☆ Okay, Tsukasa can play the role of the character who makes his entrance by jumping off a flying train♪
【Tsukasa】Yes. I'll make my entrance by jumping off a flying train... Are you trying to kill me?!
【Miku】No, why would I?
【Tsukasa】Says the person who wants me to jump off a flying train!
【Rui】No, wait. There has to be a good way to do this, Tsukasa! Let's think this through together!
【Tsukasa】And you're just hoping to get a kick out of this! Absolutely not!
[Sound] se00049
【Rui】Oh dear, he ran away.
【Miku】Hahaha☆ Wait for meee♪
[Background Change] bg_d000501
【Nene】And then they all ran off somewhere together.
【Emu】That's so nice! I wanted to play chase with them too! I can't believe they just vanished while I was talking with the flowers.
【KAITO】I don't know what to say...
【KAITO】I'm sorry. Miku must have been really excited because it's been a while since everyone visited.
【KAITO】Let's go to the stage, we can probably find everyone there.
【Emu】Okay♪
【Nene】That reminds me... Every time I come to this SEKAI, I can't help but wonder...
【KAITO】What is it?
【Nene】This place is made from Tsukasa's feelings, right?
【Nene】I would have expected a place like that to have a loud and conspicuous self-proclaimed star who's just like him...
【Nene】Everyone here takes part in shows, but nobody tries to claim to be a star the way he does. I wonder why?
【Emu】It must be because everyone in this SEKAI is a star♪
【Nene】Everyone is a star? How does that work?
【Nene】Remember how he was like before? Back then, it felt like he always wanted to be the one to stand out the most.
【KAITO】Well... I would say that Emu's thinking is actually quite accurate.
【Emu】Hehehe!
【Nene】Huh?
【KAITO】I'm sure that somewhere deep inside, Tsukasa always knew a lone star couldn't shine brightly or do a show by himself.
【KAITO】A good show is the product of many people who work hard to fill different roles.
【KAITO】Each one of them has to shine in their given positions.
【KAITO】A real star can only shine brightly when his companions do the same with a smile. He must have felt that somehow.
【Nene】I really doubt anything like that goes through his mind...
【Emu】Hey, look! Tsukasa's already at the stage!
【Tsukasa】You guys sure took your time!
【Tsukasa】The rehearsal for my entrance scene starring me, by me, and for me shall now begin! Play along, everyone!
【Rui】I hope you can jump off the train successfully.
【Emu】Whoa! Good luck!
【Nene】KAITO... Don't you think you're giving him too much credit than he deserves?
【KAITO】Haha, maybe!
[Sound] bgm00000
