【Aoyagi Toya — A Bond Between Siblings〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: A Bond Between Siblings（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Doll Festival at the Tenma's
scenarioId: 012008_touya02

[Background Change] bg_c000101
[Caption] Weekend Garage
【Akito】Alright, we've got our set list for the next event, so we can start getting working out the finer details for practice.
【Toya】I agree. I'm very much looking forward to it.
【An】Yeah! We've all been on fire lately too!
【Toya】I'll see you tomorrow.
【Kohane】Oh, Aoyagi! One sec!
【Toya】Hm? Yes?
【Kohane】Um, I saw you in town hanging out with someone the other day. Were you two out shopping together?
【Kohane】I swear he looked exactly like someone that does shows for the Wonder Stage too!
【Akito】It has to be...
【Toya】Oh, you mean Tsukasa? Yes, he is a member of that troupe.
【Toya】You've mentioned that you're a fan of Phoenix Wonderland, no?
【Kohane】I am! Wait, does that mean you're friends with one of the cast members, Aoyagi?!
【Toya】He's like an older brother to me and I respect him very much. We've known each other quite a long time as well.
【Kohane】I didn't know that...!
【Akito】So, what were you out doing with Tsukasa...?
【Toya】Oh, he was looking for something to buy for her sister's Doll Festival party.
【Akito】Doll Festival party?
【Toya】A lot happened after that and I ended up being invited as well.
【An】Really? At school, he's famous for being some kind of weirdo, but that's pretty nice of him to do for his little sister's party.
【Toya】It was.
【Toya】By the way... Did you celebrate the Doll Festival with your family too, Azusawa, Shiraishi?
【An】Sort of... We has chirashi sushi together if that counts...
【Kohane】Oh, same at my house.
【Kohane】And we didn't go this year, but we usually go to my grandmother's house to set up our dolls together as a family.
【Toya】Tsukasa said he does the same. I guess it really is a big family event.
【Kohane】It is! Oh, but my dad sort of likes to take photos more than set up the dolls...
【Kohane】He always tries to get me to look towards the camera or pose with dolls a certain way, so it takes a long time to get anything done...
【Kohane】And he always gets scolded by my mom and grandmother...
【An】Haha! He must really love taking pictures of you, Kohane!
【Toya】I have to agree. What about you, Shiraishi?
【An】We celebrated too, but we only brought out the emperor and empress. Oh, except that we put them on top of an amp as a little tradition.
【Kohane】Wait, on an amp?
【An】It's one of my dad's. He has so much equipment lying around the house, it's about the only place they can go.
【Akito】And Ken was probably still a part of the scene when he had you too.
【Toya】Oh, you're right. But how about you, Akito?
【Akito】Me? Uh...
【Toya】You have an older sister, so I figured that you celebrate every year as well...
【Akito】Yeah, we do. It's a pain getting everything set up, so I don't really have much of an interest in it...
【Kohane】But you still get your dolls out and celebrate?
【Akito】We do.
【Akito】But there was this time my big sister started crying because she thought the dolls were making scary faces or something...
【Kohane】I can sort of understand why...
【An】Yeah, me too. The fancier ones are even creepier since their eyes are almost too well made, you know?
【Akito】I get that. Our dad even modified their eyes a little since she just wouldn't stop crying...
【Akito】But he did mumble something about messing with other people's works too...
【Toya】He did that just for her?
【Akito】You should've seen Ena then. She was so loud and there was no end to it...
【Akito】But as a result, our dolls kind of have more aesthetically pleasing faces now, I guess?
【Kohane】That's pretty neat! Hehe. I'd like to see them sometime!
【An】Me too! Can you take a picture for us, Akito?
【Akito】Why? C'mon, don't make me...!
【An】Dude, just one picture!
【Toya】I always thought that I'd really have nothing to do with the Doll Festival, but it's nice to hear about all your stories...
【Kohane】I agree. I want to keep learning more about everyone too, like your families and stuff.
【Toya】Families, huh...?
【Toya】(Until now, I didn't think anyone would understand, even if I did talk to them about my dad or brothers...)
【Toya】(But...)
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_c001403
【Toya's Father】I... I can't understand what people see in that sort of music...
【Toya】Dad, were you...?
【Toya】He did come to see us.
[Background Change] bg_c000101
【Toya】(I've finally been able to convey to him what kind of music I actually like...)
【Toya】(So maybe I can talk to everyone a little more about my family now...)
[Sound] bgm00000
