【Aoyagi Toya — Happy Birthday! 2026〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: Happy Birthday! 2026（BD）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 012045_touya01

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【Toya】Today's coffee was delicious as always. Thank you very much.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I'm glad to hear that.
【KAITO】Toya, it's your birthday soon, isn't it? Are you having a party with everyone?
【Toya】We haven't had the time to discuss it, really.
【An】We do plan to have a party! But our hotel rooms are pretty cramped, after all, so we're a bit stuck on what to do.
【Akito】It feels like it'd be a challenge to get a reservation somewhere, too. No guarantee we'd make ourselves understood to the employees.
【Rin】Well hey, why not hold it in SEKAI then? We'd love to celebrate with you too!
【Toya】Thank you. If the others are okay with it, I see no issue with that idea.
【An】Okay, sure! Also, you don't have to worry about us. It's your birthday, so we should do what you want to do.
【Kohane】Let us know if there's anything you'd like to do for the party.
【Toya】Anything I'd like to do...
【KAITO】Anything you can think of, we'll be happy to help!
【MEIKO】It's your special day, after all. Just let us know.
【Toya】In that case, I'd enjoy trying a vacuum coffee maker.
【Kohane】Vacuum?
【MEIKO】It's a kind of coffee maker that uses glass vessels to brew.
【Luka】Oh, is that that thing I see KAITO using sometimes?
【KAITO】That's right. It makes an extra-fragrant brew, and the actual brewing process feels like a science experiment, so it's fun too.
【KAITO】I could teach you about it if you like. Want to try together?
【Toya】Yes, please.
【MEIKO】I'm sure you'll do great. But what made you want to try it out in the first place?
【Toya】I recently bought some good beans at a coffee shop in the US.
【Toya】The employee there told me that these beans have an especially fine aroma, so I should use them with a vacuum coffee maker.
【KAITO】Wow, that's definitely exciting! I'd love to smell them for myself.
【Len】Hey, don't forget it's Toya's special day, not yours!
【KAITO】Hahaha, I know.
【Miku】So if KAITO's handling the coffee side of things... What can the rest of us do?
【An】Hmm...
【An】I know! Why don't we make some snacks that'll go well with coffee? Like cookies!
【Akito】Sounds good to me. Toya does like them.
【Toya】Are you sure? I don't want you all to feel obligated, but it would make me very happy.
【Miku】Hehe. I'll really put some elbow grease into them, so look forward to it.
【An】Oh, um... Yeah! Let's do our best together, Miku!
【Len】Alright! We'll make the best cookies ever!
【An, Kohane & Rin】Yeah!
【Toya】Thank you, everyone. I'll do my best to brew delicious coffee for us all, too.
【Toya】(I would be satisfied just spending my birthday with everyone... But it seems like it'll be an especially enjoyable day.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
[Caption] Several days later
[Caption] Toya's birthday
【MEIKO】As a practice run, why don't you try making three cups first?
【Toya】Right.
【KAITO】First, put three cups of water in the carafe and set it.
【Toya】Alright. Now I turn on the flame and set it to boil, yes?
【KAITO】That's right. You can use this chain attached to the top container to see if it's boiling.
【KAITO】Place the container like so, with the chain inside the carafe, and...
【Toya】Ah, the chain is starting to bob around.
【MEIKO】When you see bubbles running up the chain, that's the sign it's boiling.
【Toya】I see... That's fascinating.
【MEIKO】Now we put the ground coffee in the top container, use it to seal the carafe, and...
【Toya】Oh, look at that. The boiling water is traveling up the container's spout.
【Toya】It really does feel like a science experiment.
【MEIKO】Hehe. This is one of the best parts of making coffee this way.
【MEIKO】Now all you have to do is use this wooden spatula to press the grounds into the water and mix them around.
【Toya】It takes less work than I had imagined. And the air is already full of the refreshing scent of coffee. I can't wait to taste it.
【KAITO】We'll have cookies, too! I wonder how everyone's doing?
【Kohane】An, is this enough mixing for the wet ingredients?
【An】Perfect! Hand that over to Miku and the others so they can start mixing in the flour.
【Kohane】Okay, got it!
【Toya】It seems to be going well. Shiraishi has overall command, and the others have split up their duties.
【MEIKO】Okay. I think we can rest easy—
【Rin】Miku, we got the cookie stuff from Kohane!
【Miku】Alright. I'll sift in the flour, so you do the mixing.
【Rin】A-Are you sure? Want me to do it?
【Miku】Don't worry about it. I've actually read up on it this time.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rin】Huh?
【Miku】If you overmix cookie dough, it affects the texture. So...
【Miku】We're aiming for as little mixing as possible. Which means the flour is going in all at once.
【Rin】All at once...?
【Miku】Ready? Here goes.
[Sound] se00859
【Rin】Whoa! Ah... Aah... Ah-choo!
[Sound] bgm00015
【An】Wow, look at that cloud of flour...
【Len】Looks like we won't have any dough ready to wrap for resting anytime soon.
【Akito】Nope. For now, let's clean up this flour.
【Luka】Right. Let's break out the brooms!
[Sound] bgm00000
