【Hatsune Miku — Street SEKAI〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: Street SEKAI（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 021004_miku01

[Background Change] bg_c000401
[Caption] Street SEKAI
【Miku】——♪ ——♪
【Miku】Hmm, my voice seems to carry farther than usual today.
【Miku】——♪ ——♪
【An】I heard singing coming from this street... There she is!
【Kohane】Hello, Miku.
【Miku】Hello, girls. What can I do for you today?
【Kohane】Well, we didn't come here for any special reason...
【An】Other than we missed you! Sorry if we interrupted your singing.
【Miku】You didn't interrupt me, don't worry about it. I'm happy to see you!
【Kohane】That's nice!
【An】Do you often sing here on this street?
【Miku】I do, actually. It has good acoustics, and I just like it here.
【An】I totally get you. We usually sing on Vivid Street.
【Kohane】There's more space there, but that also means I have to sing really loud or my voice gets drowned out by the noise.
【Kohane】But it's good practice for gigs, and it helps me project my voice better.
【Miku】Hmm... I'd like to hear the results of that practice!
【Kohane】You want me to sing for you right now?!
【An】Why not? Let's do this, Kohane!
【An】Won't it be cool to do a mini performance here, in Miku's favorite spot?
【Kohane】I... I suppose so!
【Kohane】Um, Miku... I'll give it a try.
【Miku】Great! What will you sing for me?
【Kohane】Maybe... The song which led to me to become An's partner?
【An】Great choice! Let's sing it then!
【Kohane】Phew... So w-was it okay?
【Miku】It was great! I loved how you two were really enjoying yourselves.
【Miku】You were so into it. That's your song, isn't it?
【An】Yup! It's our special number!
【An】Do you have any songs like that, Miku? That have a special meaning to you?
【Miku】Hmm... Something that would bring back memories...
【Miku】The song that comes to mind is the one born from your true feelings.
【Kohane】Oh... And you were even singing it earlier when we arrived.
【Miku】This SEKAI and the versions of me and my friends who live in it have been created by your feelings.
【Miku】That's why the song embodying them is very special to us.
【Miku】Just like it has that special meaning to you, it also has unique significance to us.
【An】Wow, hearing that makes me kind of overwhelmed by how much influence our feelings have on everything!
【Kohane】Yes...
【Kohane】It's so strange to think that a world could be created from feelings.
【An】Yeah, it's like a fantasy.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Miku】It's not so easy to kindle feelings which can do that.
【Kohane】No?
【Miku】Your feelings need to be really powerful to make a SEKAI appear. It's very rare for it to happen.
[Sound] bgm00039
【Miku】It can be compared to your singing. You've had to practice many times to sing that song well, to perfect it. It took you a lot of time and effort.
【Miku】You became able to sing it well because of your strong desire to sing better.
【Miku】It's like this with SEKAI, too. They grow over time with very strong feelings, nourished by unwavering determination.
【An】I get it now.
【An】This whole world is here because we've all been working together towards surpassing RAD WEEKEND!
【Kohane】That's really something...
【Kohane】But if our passion for singing grows stronger, will that give birth to yet another SEKAI?
【Miku】Who knows?
【An】You can't tell us? That's going to keep bugging me!
【An】I guess we'll just have to test it out for ourselves!
【Kohane】Yeah!
【Miku】Hehe. Good luck, girls.
[Sound] bgm00000
