【MEIKO — A New Face Who Looks Good In Red!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: A New Face Who Looks Good In Red!（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: You deserve it! Break Time!
scenarioId: 025010_meiko02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【MEIKO】Good morning, everyone♪
【Minori】Oh, MEIKO! Good morning!
【Airi】It's been a little while. How have you been?
【MEIKO】Good, thanks! Miku told me that you'd be practicing here today, so I decided to come and see♪
【Minori】Wait, does that mean you'll help us practice?!
【MEIKO】I'd love to! If you don't mind that is...
【Minori】Yes, please do! It's okay, right?
【Airi】Of course! Thanks for coming, MEIKO!
【Shizuku】I'd love to learn as much as I can from you.
【Haruka】Yes, me too.
【MEIKO】If that's the case, thank you for having me!
【MEIKO】So what are you working on today?
【Haruka】We've been working on dance formation for our routine.
【MEIKO】Oh, that sounds like fun! Shall we get started then?
【Minori】One, two, three, four...!
【Airi】Minori, you're leaning too much! It looks like you're about to fall over!
【Minori】O-Okay! Can we try that again?
【MEIKO】(Oh, this is good. Airi can say what needs to be said and Minori takes it seriously...)
【MEIKO】(Now, let's see how Haruka and Shizuku are doing...)
【MEIKO】(The last time I met them, Shizuku seemed so worried about Haruka...)
【Shizuku】So just before the chorus, what if we have our elbows bent instead of being straight and transition from there?
【Shizuku】I have a feeling that it'll better match this song's lyrics and warm tone...
【Haruka】Yeah. I like your idea. Let's check with Airi and Minori to see what they think.
【Shizuku】Okay!
【MEIKO】(Hehe. They seem just fine now.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00018
【Airi】Phew... It's coming together pretty well now.
【MEIKO】Yes, it is. But it's also important not to work too hard, so why not take a break?
【Haruka】Right. A water break might not be bad.
【Minori】That was a pretty hard workout.
【Airi】Alright, break it is! But try to stay warm...!
【Shizuku】Okay!
【Haruka】Thanks for your help, MEIKO. Here's a towel if you need one.
【MEIKO】Thank you, Haruka! That'd be nice. I'll take it.
【Haruka】Also, MEIKO... I really appreciate how you've been paying us so much attention.
【MEIKO】Huh?
【Haruka】Weren't you just watching Shizuku and I work on our dance routine just now?
【Haruka】I thought that I should thank you for doing that and going out of your way to talk about these things with us.
【MEIKO】Oh, is that all? It's okay. Don't worry about that♪
【MEIKO】But you really do have a good eye, don't you, Haruka?
【Haruka】I think it's because I've been performing in groups for so long. At the same time, I know that just being observant is enough.
【Haruka】I thought for the longest time that I was doing just fine, but I was actually making everyone else worry.
【Haruka】Even when I was told that taking breaks is important, I didn't really know what to do with that information.
【MEIKO】But you're speaking in past tense, so does that mean you're alright now?
【Haruka】Yes. Shizuku helped me understand what was going on.
【MEIKO】I see... I'm glad you have such good friends!
【Haruka】Me too.
【Haruka】More than that even... I'm not sure what I'd do without them now.
【Haruka】So I'll make sure to do everything I can so that I don't cause them any concern.
【MEIKO】Good for you. But if you'll allow me to add just one little thing...♪
【MEIKO】Things like that don't happen overnight. It may take some time to get used to.
【Haruka】Huh?
【MEIKO】It's like how it'd be unreasonable to ask someone who's naturally right-handed to start doing everything with their left hand, you know?
【MEIKO】I believe it's important to give yourself the time you need to get used to everything...!
【Haruka】Yes, I see. Thank you, MEIKO.
【MEIKO】Hehe. You're very welcome♪
[Sound] bgm00000
