【Kusanagi Nene — Wonder Wand〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kusanagi Nene
Card: Wonder Wand（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: It's On! Wonder Halloween!
scenarioId: 015005_nene01

[Background Change] bg_d000201
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Nene】The next show after Halloween?
【Tsukasa】Yes, exactly! Since Halloween is already over, we need to start thinking about what our next show is going to be.
【Nene】I thought Rui was already planning for that, though?
【Rui】Some parts haven't been finalized yet, but the general flow is mostly settled. I would love to hear your opinions on what I currently have.
【Emu】The next show is gonna be about outer space, right?! Where we do the floaty-float and whirly-whirl thing?!
【Nene】Only you and Rui can understand that...
【Rui】Hehe, well, to be a bit more specific...
【Rui】We're going to have Tsukasa become an ephemeral star for us in an outer space setting.
【Tsukasa】Hey... I don't like this feeling I'm getting. What do you mean, ephemeral star? Am I going to be put into a state of suspended animation or something?
【Rui】No, you're going to literally become a star in the sky.
【Tsukasa】That doesn't make any more sense than your last explanation! Also, I'm now more worried than before!
【Nene】There they go again.
【Emu】They're back to their normal selves again!
【Rui】Don't worry, Tsukasa. I've taken all the proper safety measures. So rest assured and become the shining star you've always wanted to be.
【Tsukasa】That's not the kind of star I wanted to be!
【Nene】Heh...what a pair of idiots.
【Nene】(But I'm really happy for Rui.)
【Nene】(Maybe he can finally move on from his past now.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002302
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Rui】Ahh, what a productive practice session that was. We turned Tsukasa into a true star today.
【Nene】Yes... Literally, just as you said you would.
【Rui】However, it would be a terrible waste for him to be flung so high that the audience can't even see him anymore, so I'll still need to polish up that part a bit more.
【Rui】By the way. I've come up with a new performance for your big scene as well.
【Rui】I should be finished with the final touches by today, so can we talk a bit more about that tomorrow?
【Nene】Yeah.
[Sound] se00004
【Nene】Huh, a message? From Emu?
【Nene】<Let's go to Wonder Stage together after school tomorrow♪>?
【Nene】(We're just going for practice together, right? Fine by me.)
【Nene】Hm? There's another message... <I'll go fetch you, so wait for me in the classroom!>?
【Rui】That reminds me. Emu has been coming over to our school to visit us quite often lately, hasn't she?
【Nene】She intends to trespass again?!
【Nene】<Do NOT come inside. Wait at the school gate!> This should stop her.
【Rui】Hehe... You're not telling her to not come at all, hm?
【Nene】Huh? It's not like she'd listen even if I told her that, anyway.
【Rui】Is that really all?
【Nene】What are you trying to say?
【Rui】After all that's said and done, I can tell you seem to be having a lot of fun yourself recently too.
【Rui】Maybe because you've found a good friend in Emu?
【Nene】Friend? Feels more like I'm just being led around by her into all sorts of troublesome situations...
【Rui】You say that, but you're always replying to her messages properly, as troublesome as you claim them to be.
【Rui】According to my observations, Emu's messages are the only ones you diligently try to reply to.
【Nene】You make it sound as if Emu's my only friend or something...
【Nene】I'll have you know that I have plenty of friends that I can talk to.
【Rui】You mean friends in the video games you play, right?
【Nene】And what's wrong with that?
【Rui】I'm not saying it's wrong to make friends through games.
【Rui】But for friends like that, you only talk to them about game items and how to maximize grinding efficiency, right?
【Nene】Ugh... It doesn't matter what we talking about. The point is we do talk!
[Sound] se00004
【Nene】Oh... Another message from Emu.
【Nene】What? <Let's have lunch together too!>?!
【Nene】She intends to break into school at lunch hour?!
【Nene】I-I'd better reply her right now!
【Nene】<Don't you have school friends you can have lunch with? Eat with them!> There.
[Sound] se00004
【Nene】An instant reply? Oh, does she ever listen?! Look here...
【Rui】Hehe, you're definitely having fun any way you slice it.
[Sound] bgm00000
