【Hinomori Shiho — What Made My Sadness Go Away〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hinomori Shiho
Card: What Made My Sadness Go Away（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: The Moon Rabbit & Us
scenarioId: 004010_shiho02

[Background Change] bg_b000903
[Caption] Shizuku's Room
【Shizuku】Okay, shall we get started on our moon viewing dango?
【Minori】Yay! Which do you wanna have first, Shiho?
【Shiho】Let's see...
【Shiho】(Soy glaze, soybean powder, red bean paste... There's even soy sauce and... Sesame seed paste?)
【Shiho】There's more now compared to during your stream...
【Shizuku】Hm? Did you say something?
【Shiho】Uh, no. Ignore that. Still, there are so many toppings.
【Shizuku】Hehe. Airi made all of these.
【Minori】Yeah, she's a really amazing cook!
【Shiho】Really...?
【Shiho】What's this one? It's brown and looks charred.
【Minori】Oh, that's Airi's special miso dango!
【Shiho】Miso dango?
【Airi】Yeah, you make it by putting miso on some dango, roasting it and wrapping it in seaweed.
【Haruka】Minori was so excited when she got a whiff of what Airi was making too.
【Shizuku】Yes, it's a shame that we couldn't show everyone that.
【Minori】What?! No, that would be so embarrassing!
【Airi】Hehe. Anyway, I thought they turned out pretty well, so I hope you try some.
【Shiho】Thank you. In that case, I'll take one.
【Shiho】Hm...?
【Shizuku】So, Shii, is it good?
【Shiho】Yeah. Um... Why are you inching closer towards me, Shizuku?
【Shizuku】Because I'm just so happy that we get to do a moon viewing party like this, Shii♪
【Shiho】I get that you're excited, but you're also sort of acting like a little kid...
【Minori】I totally understand how you feel, Shizuku!
【Minori】I'm really happy about being able to have a party with Shiho like this too!
【Shiho】You are...?
【Haruka】Hehe. So am I, actually.
【Haruka】Even though we were in the same group for the Seaside School, all we really did was talk about and work on our performance for the final day.
【Shiho】Yeah, I guess so...
【Minori】Hehe. You wanted to talk about Phenny and stuff too, right, Haruka?
【Haruka】M-Minori, wait...
【Shiho】Oh, that's right. Is it true that you really like Phenny?
【Haruka】Yes, well... I've sort of been wanting to talk to you about the one you have on your bass case, Hinomori...
【Shiho】Oh, this?
[Sound] se00052
【Haruka】Yes, that! It's a limited Halloween version, right?
【Shiho】Yeah. There were zombies and witches too, but they were mostly gone by the time I got there.
【Haruka】He's just so popular. They were all sold out by the time I had a chance to see.
【Airi】I didn't know that you liked Phenny too, Shiho.
【Shiho】Yes, I do. My friends and I used to go to PXL pretty often as kids, so the Phenny and the park mean a lot to us.
【Haruka】Speaking of which, two of your old friends are in my class.
【Airi】Really?! That means there were only two degrees of separation between you two.
【Haruka】I suppose so.
【Shizuku】Hehe. Her other friend is even in the Cleanup Committee with me.
【Shizuku】Sure, we all go to the same school, but these dots just sort of seem to connect themselves, you know?
【Shiho】Yeah.
【Shiho】(My network of friends is expanding so fast all of the sudden.)
【Shiho】(I never thought that I'd become friends with celebrities other than my sister.)
【Shiho】(This might even give me a chance to ask them what it's like being pros and what we can do as a band.)
【Shiho】(They're standing where we want to go, so I'm sure there's a lot we can learn from them.)
【Shizuku】Shii, would you like more dango?
【Shiho】Sure.
【Shizuku】Okay, just give me one second!
【Shiho】(But for now, I should probably just enjoy this party and enjoy being with Shizuku.)
【Shiho】(It's nice to do something like this for a change...)
【Shizuku】Here you are, Shii! I brought you some sesame paste ones! Would you like me to feed them to you?
【Shiho】No thanks. I can handle that part.
【Shizuku】But...! There's no need to feel embarrassed or anything, you know?
【Shiho】What are you talking about?
【Minori】Haha...
【Airi】We get that you want to pamper her, Shizuku, but you have to understand that she isn't a baby.
【Shizuku】I understand!
【Shiho】Oh, Shizuku...
[Sound] bgm00000
