【Hatsune Miku — School SEKAI〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hatsune Miku
Card: School SEKAI（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 021002_miku02

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Honami】Um, hello?
【Shiho】Miku, are you here?
【Miku】Yes, I am! Welcome!
【Shiho】Sorry to bother you, but is it okay if we borrow this space for a bit?
【Miku】Sure. Is your usual studio still closed for refurbishment?
【Honami】No, that's not why we decided to come over here.
【Honami】We already had a rehearsal at the studio, but Shiho and I wanted to practice some more...
【Shiho】Yeah, we wanted to work more on some bits.
【Miku】Well then, could I join you as lead guitar?
【Miku】I play with Ichika and Saki sometimes, but I haven't had the chance to play with you two, yet.
【Honami】If you'd like to, then of course! We'll happily play with you. Isn't that right, Shiho?
【Shiho】I have no objections.
【Miku】Okay then! Let's begin!
【Honami】Thank you, Miku! It was really helpful to have you play with us.
【Shiho】Yeah. It was a really good practice.
【Miku】You're more than welcome! It was very satisfying. I had a great time.
【Shiho】Still, it's better when we all play together.
【Honami】Shiho, don't be rude...
【Shiho】Oh, sorry. I guess that sounded ungrateful...
【Miku】Hehe, don't worry. I know what you meant. Having the whole band together is the best.
【Shiho】Yeah, that's exactly it.
【Shiho】Honami, thanks for catching that.
【Honami】No problem! I'm glad I didn't upset you.
【Miku】Hehe.
【Shiho】On a different note, there's this question that's been on my mind for a while now.
【Miku】Hmm? What is it?
【Shiho】The first time we met here in SEKAI, you suggested that we all play together. Why?
【Honami】Oh, I was wondering about that too.
【Miku】It's very simple. I knew you'd understand each other through music.
【Shiho】You wanted us to communicate through music?
【Miku】You seemed to have trouble communicating with words alone, so I thought that might work for you better.
【Honami】You were right. Back then I found it very difficult to talk to Shiho and the others...
【Honami】But playing together was an entirely different matter.
【Honami】To make it work, everyone has to listen carefully to one another. Pay attention to what the others are doing.
【Shiho】Yeah, but we did play terribly. The tempo was all over the place, and you guys kept missing notes...
【Shiho】But despite that, it left a lasting impression on me.
【Honami】Same for me. And also...
【Honami】Even though we kept making mistakes... I was very excited to be playing with you.
【Shiho】Miku, you made it happen.
【Honami】Yes, Miku, thank you so much.
【Miku】Hehe, you're most welcome.
[Sound] bgm00000
