【Unit Event — This Moment With You! — Episode2 Bubbling Hesitation】

Event: This Moment With You!
Event Type: marathon
Episode: Episode2 — Bubbling Hesitation
Event Outline: Leo/need's debut single is taking off. Thanks to the impact of their VIRTUAL SINGER version, their label expresses hopes that the band will create VIRTUAL SINGER versions of all future songs. But Ichika seems hesitant...
scenarioId: event_143_02

[Background Change] bg_a001002
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka
【Ichika】I'm sorry about not allowing us to give a quick response. I know you're all really excited about this collaboration...
【Saki】No, don't apologize!
【Saki】Mr. Shindo even said that we shouldn't go ahead until we're all on the same page!
【Honami】Right. This collaboration isn't all that's involved. This matter is going to affect how we do things moving forward.
【Honami】That being said...
【Honami】Do you know why you're so bothered by this, Ichika?
【Ichika】That's the thing. I'm not really sure myself...
【Ichika】But I keep getting this weird feeling.
【Honami】I see... I wish I could help you somehow...
【Shiho】In any case, let's take our time with this since we still have plenty of time to think.
【Saki】Yeah! Slow and steady!
【Saki】Plus, we're having that party in SEKAI to mark our debut song becoming a big success♪
【Saki】So, let's celebrate first, and then think this through!
【Ichika】Oh, right... I forgot that we were having that party today.
【Honami】Hehe. Since it's our big event, why don't we go buy some snacks for it?
【Shiho】Sounds good. Actually, if we don't, they're probably going to ask us why we didn't bring any.
【Ichika】Hehe. Right. I can see it already.
【Saki】Haha♪ Then, let's go grab some snacks and head over to see Miku and the others!
【Ichika】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_f000102
[Sound] bgm_area00001
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Miku】Are we all ready?
【Rin & Saki】Yup!
【KAITO】Ready...
【MEIKO】Then, here's to your debut song becoming a big hit... Raise your glasses!
【MEIKO】Cheers!
【Everyone】Cheers!
【Luka】Congratulations, girls.
【Rin】How awesome is it that your very first song went so viral?!
【Ichika】To be fair, Miku's version is the one that went viral.
【Shiho】Still, I'm glad that so many people decided to listen to our performance...
【Saki】Me too! A bunch of people even posted videos of themselves singing our song after listening to the Miku version!
【Saki】Remember the ones who said it was really fun to sing because the music and our performance were so good? That made me super happy!
【Honami】Hehe. Me too.
【Honami】You and Ichika really did come up with a wonderful song, Saki. Thank you both for putting so much effort into it.
【Saki】Hehe. You and Shiho looked so cool while playing it!
【Shiho】Thanks. I guess all our pair practice paid off.
【Len】Hm?
【Len】Hey, is anyone else seeing these sodas for the first time?
[Background Change] bg_s000354
【Rin】Yeah, I was gonna ask the same thing! What's with all these flavors?!
【Saki】Oh, about those. The company that makes them asked us to appear in one of their commercials!
【Len】Huh? One of their commercials?
【Ichika】Yeah, which is why we thought we could try some of their products together.
【Len】Huh... Still, this is a huge lineup.
【Saki】I like all these flavors, but I recommend the melon soda the most♪ Making ice cream floats with this is always fun because it ends up tasting just like the ones you can get at cafes and stuff!
【Rin】Wow, that sounds delicious! I wanna make that☆
[Background Change] bg_f000102
【Luka】Still, it's incredible how you received this sort of offer just following the release of your debut song.
【Shiho】A part of me feels that things are going a little too well for us at the moment. Also, we haven't actually agreed to take their offer yet.
【Miku】Wait, why not?
【Ichika】Because I'm still unsure...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Luka】You are?
【Ichika】*Nod*
【Len】Any reason as to why?
【Ichika】Any reason? I'm still having trouble putting it into words...
【Ichika】But the thing is...
【Luka】I see...
[Sound] bgm00038
【Luka】They want Leo/need to make a VIRTUAL SINGER version of each song you produce moving forward...?
【Ichika】*Nod*
【Ichika】I don't have a problem with you singing instead of me, Miku. We've already been having you sing our songs up until now.
【Ichika】Having you sing songs before they're finalized has been really helpful too.
【Ichika】But a part of me feels uncomfortable with the idea of making you this integral part of our promotional strategy...
【Miku】Ichika...
【Honami】You've meant quite a lot to Ichika since she was little, so I don't think she wants to treat you unfairly in any way...
【Shiho】You're also the reason why we decided to form our band in elementary school.
【Len】In elementary school...
【Len】Come to think of it, Ichika, what were you like back then?
[Sound] bgm00000
【Ichika】Huh? M-Me...?
【Len】Yeah, it's never really come up before.
【Len】But now I'm curious. And talking about it could provide you with a hint to solving this problem, right?
【Ichika】A hint...
【Ichika】Right. Standing still like this is only going to cause everyone else around me trouble...
【Ichika】This is going to be a little embarrassing for me, but...
【Ichika】I discovered Miku when I was in fifth grade. I remember going to the park with my family and...
[Sound] bgm00000
