【Otori Emu — Sprint! Relay Anchor☆〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: Sprint! Relay Anchor☆（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Run! Sports Festival! Committee Rush
scenarioId: 014007_emu01

[Background Change] bg_a002201
[Caption] A few days after the Sports Festival
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Courtyard
【Haruka】And one last time...
【Emu】Great job with the Sports Festival, everyone!
【Haruka & Emu】Cheers!
【Emu】Aah, that hit the spot!
【Emu】Even juice boxes taste better when you drink them in celebration♪
【Haruka】I can't say that I disagree. Let's open up our lunch boxes too and dig in.
【Emu】Yeah! It's time to chow down!
【Emu】I wonder if Saki's having lunch with her old friends.
【Haruka】Probably. She was the one who invited me, so I was hoping we could have this little celebration with her too.
【Emu】We can just do it again when she's free! That way, we get to celebrate twice☆
【Haruka】Hehe, that's a good idea.
【Haruka】The Sports Festival was so much fun...
【Haruka】Everything from that day is still so fresh in my mind. Like when I passed you the baton during the relay...
【Emu】Me too! It's like I just had it in my hand a second ago!
【Emu】And! And! Running like the wind with Mafuyu was sooo awesome too!
【Haruka】You really were amazing. That race was so tight.
【Haruka】And when you crossed the finish line, everyone that was watching went wild!
【Emu】Hehehe! It was a ton of fun! And best of all, everyone enjoyed the race as much as I did!
【Haruka】Yes. Oh, by the way... I heard from a classmate that you're in multiple clubs.
【Haruka】Rhythmic gymnastics, swimming and... What else was it...?
【Emu】Yeah, and dance club☆ There's just too many things I want to do, so I'm splitting my time between them all!
【Haruka】So you're good at all sports and not just running. Were you in any sports clubs outside of school?
【Emu】No, I didn't have time for that. I was always hanging out at Phoenix Wonderland after school...
【Emu】But...! Maybe re-enacting all the cool shows I saw every day was good exercise?
【Haruka】Wait, re-enacting every day... You went to Phoenix Wonderland every day?
【Emu】Yup! My grandpa made it! And I've been going there every day ever since I was reeeally little.
【Haruka】Oh... Come to think of it, your last name is Otori.
【Haruka】I heard you're in a theater group there but... I see, you're from THAT Otori family...
【Haruka】Hehe. I guess that massive theme park is like your own backyard then.
【Haruka】And you were doing your own versions of the shows you saw there?
【Emu】Yup! Phoenix Wonderland has lots of other stages too besides the Wonder Stage where I perform!
【Emu】I went to see all of them and try to copy the fun bits, like acrobatics and stuff, after they were all done!
【Emu】It was awesome! They'd go BOING and jump reeeally high into the air and do a flippy-flip before landing!
【Emu】I wanted to learn how to do that so badly, I practiced it a bunch with Mr. Mascot...
【Haruka】Mr. Mascot?
【Emu】Yup! He's one of Phoenix Wonderland's park mascots!
【Emu】When I was trying to do the crazy jump with the flips and stuff, Mr. Mascot got really mad at me for doing dangerous stunts like that all by myself...
【Haruka】You're even friends with the park mascots. I'm getting jealous.
【Haruka】I wish I could be friends with Phenny. I even have... Here, my Phenny keychain!
【Emu】Wow, you really do!
【Haruka】I really love penguins, but I keep buying Phenny merch because he looks like one too.
【Haruka】I mean, I know it's supposed to be a phoenix instead of a penguin, but still...
【Emu】That's cool! I didn't know you liked Phenny so much!
【Emu】In that case, I have a special treat for you! Are you ready for Phoenix Wonderland's Phenomenal Phenny Trivia?
【Haruka】Phenny Trivia?
【Emu】Yup! Did you know that if you ask Phenny to fly, he'll happily flap his wings for you?!
【Emu】But he can't fly, so it's suuuper cute to see him flap and flap with everything he has!
【Haruka】Phenny, flapping those tiny wings like that...!
【Haruka】That's so adorable...! Thank you for telling me, Emu!
【Emu】Hehehe! No probs!
【Haruka】Hehe. I can't wait to tell Minori, Hoshino, Tenma and Airi this too!
【Haruka】And if we went and saw it for ourselves... It'd be so much fun!
【Haruka】I think a trip to Phoenix Wonderland is in order now.
【Emu】Yup! You're welcome to visit anytime! There are so many fun shows to see too!
【Emu】And don't forget to come and see me at the fantastically fun-filled Wonder Stage!
[Sound] bgm00000
