【Aoyagi Toya — Broken Bonds〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: Broken Bonds（3★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 012003_touya02

[Background Change] bg_c001102
[Caption] Vivid Street
【Akito】Toya, they're already waiting for us at Weekend Garage.
【Toya】We should be able to talk about the event soon, then.
【Toya】That reminds me...
【Akito】Hm?
【Toya】Some other musicians came up to talk to me the other day, when I was heading home from a show.
【Akito】Why? Did they say something bad to you?
【Toya】No... It was more of a...
[Sound] se00053
[Background Change] bg_c000303
【Toya】(We did pretty well in today's show, generally speaking. The last chorus part, though...)
【Musician】Hey, aren't you Toya from BAD DOGS?
【Musician】You performed today too, right?
【Toya】Yes...
【Toya】(I think they were in today's show too... I wonder what they want from me?)
【Musician】You guys rocked! I hope to see you perform again!
【Toya】Thank you...
【Musician】Getting to sing with Akito is a pretty big feat, you know.
【Musician】Most of the people who asked to partner with him before usually got turned down for not being good enough.
【Toya】Right...
【Toya】But we only partnered up because we have the same goal...
【Musician】Right, I've heard the rumors.
【Musician】You're trying to surpass the event that Ken from Weekend Garage pulled off a long time ago, right?
【Toya】Yes...
【Musician】Can't wait to see your performance as Vivid BAD SQUAD together with An and Kohane, too!
【Musician】We won't just be watching wistfully from the audience stand, though. Let's perform together again in another event if we ever get the chance!
【Toya】Yes, absolutely.
[Background Change] bg_c001102
【Toya】We had a normal conversation, and then they left.
【Akito】I see... They may be people that I know.
【Akito】While you were on your way back from that show... Did they approach you near the shops?
【Toya】Yes, they did. So they were your friends?
【Akito】Not really. More like people who asked if they could sing with me as a group when I was still going solo.
【Akito】But they were more into just singing for fun. Because we had different goals, we never performed as a group together, even if we did take part in the same events.
【Toya】I see.
【Akito】What now? You seem happy about that.
【Toya】Well...
【Toya】...
【Toya】Although their goals are different from ours, they've been singing in this place for a long time, right?
【Toya】I'm just happy to be acknowledged by people like that. It makes me feel like I'm allowed to be here.
【Akito】Allowed... Don't think of yourself like that.
【Akito】The more important thing is whether you want to sing here or not. I told you that before, remember?
【Toya】Yes. I understand what you mean now.
【Toya】But I'm still happy about it. It makes me feel like I'm really being accepted by this town.
【Akito】Sheesh, this place has always accepted you, right from the start...
【Toya】Yes, you're right. I only realized that because of everyone.
【Akito】What?
【Toya】Because of you, Azusawa, Shiraishi, Ken, and...
【Toya】Miku, MEIKO, and Len from that mysterious SEKAI, I've come to realize many things I never did before.
【Akito】Okay...
【Toya】I'll be counting on your support in the future too, Akito.
【Akito】You got it, partner.
[Sound] bgm00000
