【Megurine Luka — School SEKAI〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Megurine Luka
Card: School SEKAI（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 024002_luka01

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Luka】You want to know what it's like to have someone look up to you?
【Saki】Yeah! If you don't mind!
【Ichika】What's this about, Saki?
【Saki】The other day Miku said that Luka was sort of like her mentor, remember?
【Saki】I missed out on a lot of middle school, so I didn't get to experience the whole dynamics between upper and underclassmen.
【Saki】But it has always fascinated me!
【Luka】You idolize this sort of interpersonal relationship, don't you?
【Ichika】(Since this SEKAI is born from our feelings...)
【Ichika】(Maybe Saki's longing to have an older student to look up to translated into Luka being Miku's mentor?)
【Saki】I'm good friends with a senior in my club, but I wonder about other people's experiences.
【Ichika】You mean the captain of the soft tennis club?
【Saki】Yeah! She's really nice and very considerate towards me.
【Saki】She even came up with a special practice routine for me since I had a very long break from sports.
【Luka】It's great that she looks after you.
【Saki】Yeah! And you know, she even talks a bit like you. She sounds so mature and cool!
【Saki】Isn't that right, Ichi? You've met her too.
【Ichika】Definitely, she does resemble Luka.
【Saki】The vibe between you and Miku reminds me of my club captain and younger members.
【Saki】You must be an amazing mentor to Miku, just like my captain!
【Luka】Hehe, thanks.
【Luka】I can't really tell if I'm doing a good job or not...
【Luka】But when we're practicing together, I often feel like Miku looks up to me.
【Saki】I bet she does! You've got such a wholesome relationship!
【Saki】So what's it like to have someone younger that you can teach the ropes to?
【Luka】Let's see, what could I compare it to...
【Luka】I suppose it's like having a younger sister.
【Ichika】A younger sister, huh...?
【Saki】Hmm... So it's like the relationship between siblings...
【Ichika】Hehe. That's not helpful to you, Saki, since you only have an older brother.
【Saki】Yeah, but I kind of get it.
【Saki】I can sort of imagine what it'd be like if I put myself in Tsukasa's shoes.
【Ichika】Haha. Then I guess it's just me not knowing what it's like.
【Saki】Oh yeah, you're the only child.
【Ichika】I have no idea what it feels like having siblings.
【Saki】I guess that's something you can't understand unless you experience it yourself.
【Saki】Dang... Now I want a junior who'd be like a younger sibling to me!
【Luka】I'm sure you'll have someone like that one day.
【Saki】And when I do, I'll be a fabulous role model to them, like you are to Miku!
【Ichika】Well, you might be setting the bar a bit too high there...
【Saki】What, don't you believe in me? I will become a kind, stylish, and responsible senior student someday!
【Luka】Hehe, that'll be interesting to see.
[Sound] bgm00000
