【MEIKO — Teach Us, Ms. Shiho!〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: Teach Us, Ms. Shiho!（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Beside Unchanging Warmth
scenarioId: 025034_meiko02

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【MEIKO】Hnng! Okay, that's enough drumming for now! Time for a break.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00328_b
[Sound] se00417_b
【MEIKO】(Hm? This sounds like... Is someone else practicing?)
【MEIKO】(If so, I might go have a quick peek while I take my break...)
[Sound] se00046_b
【Saki】Oh! Hi, MEIKO!
[Sound] bgm00018
【MEIKO】Hello. I heard someone playing, so I decided to come take a look. Is it just you two here...?
【Saki】Yes! Ichi and Hona both had family business to take care of. So, Shiho and I decided to have our own practice session...!
【MEIKO】Oh, I see.
【Shiho】We were actually just about to take a break. Would you like to join us, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Oh, are you sure? Then, if you don't mind me intruding.
【Saki】We even brought snacks, so let's have some together! Gimme one second...
[Sound] se00055_b
【Saki】Ta-daa! It's back! New Year's brunch potato chips♪
【Shiho】Wait, what...? Again with the weird flavors...
【Saki】No, Shiho, you don't get it. These were so good that the fans of these potato chips demanded they bring them back, and—
【Shiho】Okay, I get it. You can give us this speech some other time.
【Saki】What?! But I was just getting to the best part!
【Saki】I know! Since I brought them, I'll see if Rin and the others also wanna try. Do you happen to know where they are right now, MEIKO?
【MEIKO】Rin was practicing how to spin tops with Len on the rooftop the last I saw.
【Shiho】Tops?
【MEIKO】Remember all those toys we picked out together for New Year's during that sale?
【MEIKO】We tried playing with them soon after, and everyone got so excited.
【Saki】Really?! That's great!
【MEIKO】Yeah. We did struggle to get them to spin at first...
【MEIKO】But KAITO's become really good. So good that he's teaching the others now.
【Shiho】Yes, this sort of thing does seem to be right up KAITO's alley.
【Saki】Yeah, since he's kinda like a craftsman!
【MEIKO】Hehe. I know what you mean. His tops seem to always stay upright, and he won the tournament we held with ease.
【MEIKO】Now, Rin and Len are practicing all they can in order to beat KAITO.
【Shiho】Wow, you guys had a tournament?
【Saki】That sounds so fun! I wanna do a top-spinning tournament!
【MEIKO】Then, Saki, we'll invite you and the others next time.
【Saki】Really?
【MEIKO】Of course! The more the merrier, right?
【MEIKO】Also, we've been able to have so much fun because you two helped pick out those toys.
【MEIKO】So, thank you both very much!
【Shiho】No, like we said before, it's the least we could do since you've all done so much for us.
【Saki】Yeah! You even helped us pick out presents for Tsukasa and Shizuku.
【MEIKO】Oh, now that you mention it, what happened after that? Did they like what you got them?
【Saki】Yes! Tsukasa was sooo happy!
【Saki】Since I got him a water bottle, I put a bunch of waterproof star stickers on it...
【Saki】The day I gave it to him, he carried it around with him all day while saying, “Its design is fit for a future star such as myself, and it shall never leave my side!”
【Saki】He's even been placing it right next to his pillow when he goes to sleep!
【Shiho】I can definitely see him doing that...
【MEIKO】Haha. It certainly sounds like he's been enjoying what you got him!
【MEIKO】What about you, Shiho?
【Shiho】Yes, so... I received a similar reaction.
【Shiho】Shizuku especially liked how it had a fluffy tail. She kept touching it because she thought it felt so nice.
【Shiho】But I had to stop her when she said she'd wear it every day...
【Saki】Haha. That sounds like Shizuku.
【MEIKO】I see... I'm glad they both enjoyed your presents so much.
【MEIKO】However, beside those, I'm sure they appreciate the thought you put into them.
【Shiho】The thought we put into them...?
【MEIKO】Yes. I was only able to play a small role helping pick out your presents for them...
【MEIKO】But you both thought long and hard about what to get them, yes?
【MEIKO】Which is why I believe they both got your message. They know that you wish them both happiness and success in their endeavors.
【Shiho】Right...
【Saki】Yeah, I sure hope so...!
【MEIKO】Now then... Let's go see Rin and the others. I'm curious to get a taste of these potato chips!
【Saki】Oh, right! I need them to try these!
【Saki】I'm sure they're gonna love them! So much that they're gonna forget all about practicing with their tops!
【Shiho】Yeah, yeah.
【MEIKO】Haha. I'm looking forward to seeing what they think.
[Sound] bgm00000
