【Kiritani Haruka — Older Than It Looks〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Older Than It Looks（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: From the Marks Left Behind
scenarioId: 006034_haruka02

[Background Change] bg_a001301
【Elderly Lady】Anyway, ladies, we've been chatting out here for long enough. Why don't you all come on in?
【Haruka】Okay. Pardon us.
[Background Change] bg_b003001
【Shizuku】This is really going to be our new home base.
【Haruka】Yeah... I honestly still can't believe it.
【Elderly Lady】Hehe. That's perfectly understandable.
【Elderly Lady】But I'm looking forward to when MORE MORE JUMP! starts calling this place home.
【Minori】Us too. And we promise to take good care of it!
【Elderly Lady】That reminds me. I have a little table that I've been meaning to give you. Also, let me pour some tea.
【Airi】Thank you very much.
【Haruka】Oh, how is your ankle feeling...?
【Elderly Lady】Thank you for asking. It's feeling much better now.
【Minori】Thank goodness... But it still hasn't fully healed yet, has it...?
【Haruka】In that case, allow us to take care of the table and the tea.
【Elderly Lady】Oh, but...
【Haruka】Please, this is the least we can do since you're letting us move in upstairs.
【Elderly Lady】I see... Then, if you don't mind...
【Haruka, Shizuku, Airi & Minori】Of course!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a001301
【Haruka】Thank you for taking the time today to explain how we should go about moving in.
[Sound] bgm00180
【Haruka】You made us feel right at home. It's really starting to feel like our new home base.
【Elderly Lady】Oh, that's good to hear.
【Elderly Lady】Let me know if you think you need any help. I'm very much looking forward to seeing you all move in.
【Airi】Thank you! We're also looking forward to it.
【Minori, Haruka & Shizuku】Thank you! Thank you.
【Haruka】Then, if you'll excuse us.
【Minori】Oh, uh... Please take care! I hope your ankle gets all better soon!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】The MORE MORE HOUSE is actually happening! I can't wait to start doing streams there.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Airi】Don't get too ahead of yourself. We only just discussed the move-in process a minute ago.
【Minori】Hehe. I know.
【Shizuku】But I understand how she feels. I'm also very excited about this.
【Haruka】Me too. I'm looking forward to talking about how we're going to use each room.
【Airi】Yeah, we have some paperwork to deal with first, but we'll need to start thinking about that soon.
【Airi】Actually, do any of you already have plans for them? Also, what are your thoughts on furniture?
【Minori】Ooh! I think one needs to be really cute, let in lots of light, have a few plants and be filled to the brim with plushies!
【Shizuku】Oh, plushies? It's already starting to sound very cute.
【Airi】Yeah, we'll want the room where we stream to look cute.
【Haruka】Then, why don't we each bring over a few of our favorite plushies?
【Haruka】They should help make it feel more like a place where we live instead of a room we've designated for doing streams.
【Airi】Yeah, good idea. But I might not be able to contribute much...
【Minori】You've got tons, Haruka! I mean, your room's full of penguins.
【Haruka】I'm willing to bring over as many as we need. I don't have enough room to display all of them, so some are tucked away in my closet.
【Haruka】Wait, if we do that... Won't it sort of turn into my room?
【Shizuku】Hehe. Actually, I'd like to see that.
【Airi】In any case, let's each jot down everything we can bring later. I mean, we don't even know how we're gonna lay things out yet.
【Haruka】True.
【Haruka】(Still, if I am going to take some over, which ones should I bring...?)
【Haruka】(Hehe. I'll think about this more when I get home.)
[Sound] bgm00000
