【Hanasato Minori — Blessings From My Friends〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hanasato Minori
Card: Blessings From My Friends（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Scramble Fan Festival!
scenarioId: 005011_minori02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【Minori】Hello!
【Miku】Oh, welcome, everyone♪
【Airi】Hm? Did we catch you guys in the middle of a meeting?
【Len】We were talking about doing a show with all of us in it.
【Shizuku】Oh, that would be so spectacular.
【MEIKO】Hehe. We still haven't actually made a decision yet.
【Luka】Anyway, are you girls here to practice as usual?
【Haruka】Yes, and we also have something to report. Minori, if you will.
【Minori】Right! We just wanted to say that the Fan Festival is over and tell you all about it!
【Rin】It is?! How'd it go?!
【Minori】I thought I did really well for myself!
【Minori】I felt really nervous at first and couldn't do what I did during practice, but managed to get back on track after that!
【Minori】That was also when I realized just how much Haruka's been a source of support for me and how she's there to help each day.
【Minori】Which is why we need to keep improving as idols...
【Minori】We need to learn to become independent for everyone else's sake!
【Rin & Len】Yeah!
【Miku】You can do it, Minori♪
【MEIKO】We'll be rooting for you♪
【Minori】Thanks, I promise to try my best!!
【Luka】Hehe. It sounds like you gained some good experience through the Fan Festival.
【Airi】Yeah, I'm glad we gave her the green light to do it!
【Shizuku】Her circle of friends grew so much too. It looked like they had quite a bit of fun practicing for it.
【Haruka】Hehe. They definitely seemed enthusiastic about it.
【Airi】That means we need to use that enthusiasm as fuel for our practices!
【Airi】So let's get started, Minori!
【Minori】Yeah!
【Haruka】Alright, we'll be waiting stage left.
【Minori】Okay, I'll see you up there soon!
【Len】Rin, you get that side!
【Rin】I'm on it♪
[Sound] se00097
【Minori】Here we go! Also, Miku, Rin, Luka, thank you for doing this.
【Luka】It's just a formation check for the dance you'll be doing during your stream, yes? Hehe. You can count on us.
【Rin】Oh, Minori, is it true that you have your own solo for this dance?
【Minori】Yeah, Airi and the others suggested that I give it a try!
【Minori】This formation ties into that, so they'll be on standby while they wait for their cue.
【Miku】I see. I'm looking forward to seeing how this formation turns out♪
【Rin】Me too♪
【Luka】Me three♪
【Everyone】Hehe. Haha.
【Minori】Let's see. We stand here and...
【Minori】Deep breath... Relax...
【Miku】Not only do you seem much more energetic than usual, Minori, but you also look so fired up now.
【Minori】Hehe. It's all thanks to the Fan Festival.
【Minori】It taught me that I'm still not where I need to be yet, but it also made me realize that I don't want to give up and want to keep chasing.
【Rin】You mean after the others?
【Minori】Yeah!
【Rin】Minori...
[Sound] se00053
【Minori】The others are so great at being idols and I wanted to be just like them...
【Minori】I knew that it wouldn't be easy either...!
【Minori】But it feels like nothing I do is working. It feels like I'm never gonna be able to become a real idol like them...
【Rin】...
【Miku】Don't worry, Rin.
【Rin】Huh...?
【Miku】You want her to know that she doesn't need to rush, no?
【Miku】But she should be just fine. I mean, look.
【Rin】Oh...
【Miku】See how cute her smile is♪ You can't do that if you feel rushed.
【Rin】Yeah, you're right!
【Luka】Just keep making the most of each practice and I'm sure you'll catch up to the others in no time.
【Minori】Okay, I will! I'll try to have more confidence in myself too!
【Miku】Great! And we'll be there every step of the way as you move forward.
【Minori】Thanks, you guys, I really appreciate it!
[Sound] bgm00000
