【Hanasato Minori — Profile Story】

Character: Hanasato Minori
scenarioId: self_minori_2nd

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Minori】Hi, everyone! Today, as requested by our fans, we'll be showing you our self-intros!
【Minori】Starting with me, Minori Hanasato!
【Minori】I'm actually a little nervous about doing this again, but... I-I hope you'll listen...!
【Minori】Don't give up on your dreams, Minorinrin♪ Here's a bouquet of hope for you!
【Minori】I'm Minori Hanasato from MORE MORE JUMP!
[Sound] se00089_b
【Minori】So, when I was in elementary school and Haruka was still with ASRUN, I decided that I wanted to become an idol just like her...
【Minori】Unfortunately, I failed basically every audition I tried for and started living each day totally frustrated.
【Minori】But I was able to meet my wonderful friends and form MORE MORE JUMP! because I kept trying. And just recently...
【Minori】We finally got to put on our very own solo show! Let's give us a round of applause!
【Minori】As a huge fan of idols, I felt like I had a good understanding of how hard it is to actually put on a solo show...
【Minori】And that gave me an even greater appreciation for you, our fans. Our show wouldn't have been possible without you guys...! I'm beyond grateful for your support!
【Minori】Which is why I'd like to take this opportunity to say...! Thank you very much!
【Minori】Wait a second... This doesn't feel like a self-intro anymore...
【Minori】U-Uhh... Anyway! We're gonna keep spreading hope to as many people as we can!
【Minori】Huh? It's my self-intro, so I should talk about myself more?
【Minori】U-U-Uhh... Then, I'll talk about what I'm best at!
【Minori】I'm really good at imitating dance routines, and believe I can learn them faster than anyone else!
【Minori】Yes, I get that learning them and performing them well are pretty different things...
【Minori】But Airi gave me some pointers for dancing the other day, and some of our fans even said that I've gotten better lately!
【Minori】S-So, I know I still have a lot of work left to do...
【Minori】But I'm gonna keep trying my best! And I'm looking forward to your continued support!
【Minori】H-How was that...? Did I do okay...?! Here, I'll take a look at everyone's comments!
【Minori】Umm...
【Minori】“You sound way too nervous”... “I guess this self-intro suits you, Minori”... “Maybe try to relax a little more? lol”...
【Minori】Why is it so hard to give a good self-intro?!
[Sound] bgm00000
