【Kiritani Haruka — Get Closer & Work Together〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: Get Closer & Work Together（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Lead to Shine More
scenarioId: 006036_haruka02

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Sound] se00249_b
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-D
【Classmate A】Minori! Kiritani! Can we have lunch with you guys?
【Haruka】Yeah, come join us.
【Minori】Let's move our desks together!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Classmate A】Alright, let's eat♪
[Sound] bgm00020
【Everyone】Let's eat. Let's eat!
【Classmate B】You two have been out for work so much lately, we've been waiting for you!
【Haruka】Because of that really long shoot, we had to leave in the morning more than a few times.
【Classmate A】Wait, was all that for “The Town Revitalization Team!”?
【Minori】Yeah, did you watch?!
【Classmate A】Of course! It was so good!
【Classmate A】That town seemed so nice. All the greenery was really pretty, and the food looked amazing.
【Minori】Yeah! The food we had at the eatery and the home cooking they served us was all really, really good!
【Classmate B】...! I know, right?!
【Classmate B】Hanamioka cooking is just the best, no matter where you go!
【Haruka】Huh?
【Classmate B】Oh, so... Some of my relatives live there, so I go and visit a lot.
【Minori】W-Wait, really?!
【Classmate B】Yeah, they were really disappointed that the marathon wasn't getting a lot of sign-ups...
【Classmate B】So I was blown away when I saw how lively it had become.
【Haruka】I see...
【Haruka】Thank you. Now I feel even better that we decided to take that offer.
【Minori】Me too! Hehe. It was totally worth all that hard work!
【Classmate A】Yeah, I've gotta think that it was a pretty tough shoot. On top of it being pretty long, it seemed like you had to do a lot.
【Classmate A】Your group chooses which offers to accept, right, Kiritani? Why did you pick that one?
【Haruka】Because...
【Haruka】We thought it would give us a chance to show everyone what makes us special.
【Classmate B】What makes you special?
【Haruka】Yeah. We think it's about us being idols who can just be ourselves...
【Haruka】And I feel it's really important for us right now to show that to as many people as we can.
【Haruka】“The Town Revitalization Team!” was a perfect fit for that.
【Classmate A】I see... I didn't realize so much thought went into it.
【Classmate B】My agency decides everything for me, so I've never really thought about it that hard.
【Classmate B】You really are as reliable as they come, Kiritani.
【Minori】Heehee. Right?! Haruka's just that amazing!
【Classmate B】It's true, whenever I see you on something, you really do act just like you always do.
【Classmate A】Like when you lost track of where your hammer went while putting that stage together!
【Minori】N-No, I was just...! P-Please forget that happened!
【Haruka】I thought that was great. It was clear that you were trying your absolute best, Minori.
【Minori】H-Haruka...!
【Classmate B】Also, the part where you and Hinomori were helping that lady harvest her crops. I was amazed by how neither of you broke a sweat. All of you must be in amazing shape...
【Classmate A】What?! There were way better scenes than that one! Like when they smiled after eating the vegetables they just picked!
【Classmate B】Yeah, but farming's really hard! I mean, it's so physically demanding...
【Haruka】Hehe. I didn't know that's what stood out to you. Now I feel a little embarrassed.
【Haruka】Still, that was a good reminder of how hard farmers work all the time.
【Haruka】We were able to help when conditions were good, but real farmers have to work that hard every day, even in bad weather...
【Haruka】But I think Hanamioka's vegetables tasted better than anything I've ever had, after I learned what it takes to grow them.
【Minori】I didn't know you felt that way, Haruka.
【Haruka】Yeah. We really got to experience something special there.
【Classmate B】Your group really is amazing, Kiritani.
【Classmate B】Your incredible optimism and work ethic made me want to do my best too!
【Classmate A】Me too! I have work after this, and I'm super stoked about it!
【Haruka】You two...
【Haruka】Thanks... Hearing you say that makes me really happy.
【Minori】Yeah, me too! Thanks, you guys!
【Haruka】(I couldn't be more thankful that our classmates see us in such a positive light.)
【Haruka】(And how we've been able to spread hope like this...)
【Haruka】(We need to keep doing our best to just be ourselves. To be MORE MORE JUMP!)
[Sound] bgm00000
