【Azusawa Kohane — In My Own Words〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: In My Own Words（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: On Your Feet
scenarioId: 009027_kohane01

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Lunch break
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 1-A
[Sound] se00046_b
【Kohane】(*Sigh* The teachers are all in a meeting...)
【Kohane】(I was hoping to talk to them about making it so I'd only have to look after the animals during lunch...)
【Kohane】(I'll be late heading over to SEKAI, but I should try again after school.)
【Shiho】Kohane...?
【Kohane】Oh, Shiho. Is something the matter?
【Shiho】I should be asking you that...
【Shiho】It seems like you've had a lot on your mind lately. Did something happen?
【Kohane】I appreciate the concern. A few things here and there...
【Shiho】...
【Shiho】I'll be happy to help if you need someone to listen...
【Kohane】Oh...
【Kohane】Thanks. Then, if you don't mind...
【Kohane】So, my team and I battled against this really amazing singer who was instrumental in putting on a legendary event that we want to surpass.
【Shiho】Wait, you battled against this person?
【Kohane】Yeah. He said that there was something we needed to know if we were serious about actually surpassing it...
【Kohane】We all did the best we could... But we couldn't lay a finger on him...
【Shiho】...!
【Kohane】And he sang like he really meant it just for us. It was so incredible...
【Kohane】I think that was the first time I felt scared after hearing someone sing.
【Shiho】He must be the real deal if he made you and your team feel scared, Kohane...
【Kohane】He is...
【Kohane】Oh, but we're fine now!
【Kohane】Because we truly understand now that we won't be able to surpass that event if we don't fully commit ourselves. And we've made our decision.
【Kohane】We're going to surpass RAD WEEKEND and see what lies far beyond that dream.
【Shiho】...
【Shiho】Then, I'm glad for you guys.
【Kohane】Oh, that reminds me... Your band just signed a deal and you're going to be debuting as pros soon, right?
【Shiho】We are... Why do you ask all of a sudden?
【Kohane】Oh, it's just... I think it's great how you and your band were able to make your dream come true.
【Kohane】But you had to overcome a lot of walls and obstacles along the way, right...?
【Kohane】That's why I want to ask what you guys did whenever you ran into one.
【Shiho】Walls, huh...? Yeah, a lot of stuff did happen along the way...
【Shiho】But to be honest, we sort of got lucky and caught a nice wave. I'm not sure we can help much.
【Kohane】No, don't say that. I really wanna hear about it, as long as you don't mind.
【Shiho】Okay. Then, I'll just tell it as it is.
【Shiho】I believe we were able to actually go pro because Ichika and the others were willing to commit and put in the work.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Kohane】Commit and put in the work...?
【Shiho】They thought long and hard about what it really means to go pro and how we'll need to look at our music moving forward.
[Sound] bgm00039
【Shiho】Before that, I tried to hold back and play at their level.
【Shiho】But then they surprised me by telling me not to.
【Shiho】I think that was a result of their commitment.
【Shiho】Looking back, that ended up being a bit of a tough stretch for them. We pretty much spent all of our time outside of school practicing.
【Shiho】Even Saki, who loves going to class and really pays attention, got scolded by her teacher after falling asleep.
【Kohane】I had no idea...
【Shiho】They really did an amazing job that time. I asked a lot of them, but they figured out ways to keep going.
【Shiho】Seeing that was proof enough for me that everything comes down to your level of commitment.
【Shiho】As long as you stay committed, even if you get lost or stuck, you'll find a way to stay standing. And as long as you're still standing, you'll be able to keep moving forward.
【Shiho】Oh, sorry... I'm not saying that you guys need more guts or anything.
【Shiho】I guess we're not the best example after all...
【Kohane】No, that's not true!
【Kohane】I agree. A strong commitment goes a really long way.
【Kohane】There have already been moments up until now when I had to commit myself.
【Kohane】But we should take another hard look at our dream as a team and reaffirm our commitment to making it come true.
【Shiho】*Nod* And I'll be rooting for you guys.
【Shiho】Hehe. I like the expression you just made, Kohane.
【Shiho】If you feel like you can pummel a wall to pieces, why not try giving it a go on that one over there?
【Kohane】What?! N-No, I wouldn't do anything so violent!
[Sound] bgm00000
