【Tenma Tsukasa — Sinking Into Despair〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
Card: Sinking Into Despair（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Deep Dark for Light
scenarioId: 013048_tsukasa01

[Background Change] bg_d007001
[Caption] ArcLand
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_4
【Emu】Here we aaare! Let's all work hard at the workshop!!!
【Tsukasa】Indeed. There are only a few days left, after all. Let's not slack off, and learn as much as we can!
【Nene】It's good that you two are motivated and all...
【Nene】But we're here really early. The workshop classes don't start for another hour.
【Rui】We decided to run here to build stamina right after morning practice, but it seems we arrived earlier than anticipated.
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah! It only goes to show how excited we are!
【Rui】Either way, what should we do? It would be nice to find someplace to pass the time...
【Tsukasa】Hmm... In that case, why don't we enjoy a relaxing morning tea at my usual spot!
【Nene】You have a usual spot?
【Tsukasa】Yes! In the north section of the park!
【Tsukasa】It's away from the central area, so it's usually not crowded. We can rest there without getting in the way of any park guests.
【Tsukasa】It's this way! Follow me!
[Sound] se_walk_women_001_4
【Nene】Come to think of it, I don't think I've ever been to the north area.
【Rui】Neither have I. I always go directly to the workshop venue.
【Emu】Do you come up this way a lot, Tsukasa?
【Tsukasa】Yes. I go on walks up here during breaks, usually.
【Tsukasa】Oh! Good morning, sir!
【Cleaner】Well, if it isn't Tsukasa! Got your workshop today?
【Tsukasa】That's right. We happened to arrive a little early, so I plan to have tea with my friends!
【Cleaner】Oh, over at your usual spot? They've started the new seasonal menu, so I hope you all enjoy!
【Tsukasa】Oh, that's exciting to hear! We'll be sure to give it a try!
【Cleaner】Okay, you kids take care. Good luck with the workshop!
【Tsukasa】Thank you! Let's speak again sometime soon!
【Emu】Wow... Tsukasa seemed really friendly with that person!
【Nene】Y-Yeah...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Here we are, my go-to cafe!
[Sound] bgm00006
【Nene】Huh? It looks like a gift shop... Oh, they have tables to sit and drink tea too.
【Vendor】I know that voice... Hello there, Tsukasa! Good to see you again.
【Tsukasa】Yes! I've brought my friends today!
【Emu】Hello there!
【Vendor】Hello to you too! Let's see... Emu, Nene, Rui. Is that right?
【Rui】You know who we are?
【Vendor】I've heard a lot about you from Tsukasa. You're all participating in the workshop, right?
【Vendor】Our workshops are pretty intense, but good luck. I hope it'll be a good experience for all of you.
【Emu】Oh wow, thank you!
【Rui】From your conversations with this person and the cleaner from before... You certainly seem to have become close with the staff here, Tsukasa.
【Tsukasa】Huh, now that you mention it... I wonder when that started?
【Tsukasa】I figured that, since we'd be guests of ArcLand, it would be proper to say hello to the staff... And before I knew it...
【Vendor】Haha. You were always so energetic and greeted us with such a loud voice, we all just naturally started recognizing you.
【Emu】Hahaha, that's Tsukasa, alright!
【Vendor】Hearing about your shows and all the training you're doing has been my little worktime treat lately.
【Vendor】But, well... That does make me a little sad, too.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】Hm? Why is that?
【Vendor】Well, you said the workshop will be ending soon, right? Pretty soon I won't be able to hear your stories anymore.
【Tsukasa】It's true, I won't be able to come by as often as before...
【Tsukasa】But... I will come back to see you!
【Vendor】Huh?
【Tsukasa】ArcLand is a wonderful park. I still have so much to learn here as an actor!
[Sound] bgm00171
【Tsukasa】So of course I'll come back again, and when I do, I promise to come by and say hello!
【Vendor】Tsukasa... Thanks!
【Vendor】Well, you have to get through the workshop first.
【Vendor】I hope you'll stop by before you leave and give me some good news!
【Tsukasa】Yes, of course! We'll achieve great results and come by to tell you all about it!
【Emu】We'll all come back, together!
【Vendor】Haha, thank you. I'm looking forward to it already.
【Tsukasa】I had already intended to work hard for these last few days... But now I have even more reason to!
【Emu】Yeah! Let's work really hard, so we can give him good news and he can tell us we did a good job!
【Nene】Hehe, yeah.
【Tsukasa】And the first step toward that is to enjoy our teatime to the fullest! Excuse me! We're ready to order!
[Sound] bgm00000
