【Kusanagi Nene — A Tail On Screen〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kusanagi Nene
Card: A Tail On Screen（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Yesteryear Read-Aloud
scenarioId: 015041_nene01

[Background Change] bg_a001501
[Caption] Shibuya Park
【Nene】Alright, let's end our enunciation practice here.
【Honami】Okay, thank you very much.
【Honami】*Sigh* Reading each word clearly and properly is so hard...
【Nene】But I thought you did a good job of projecting your voice.
【Nene】Once you learn to channel your feelings, you should be able to put on a captivating performance.
【Honami】Really? Thank goodness...!
【Honami】Then, let's start working on that next. I need to keep trying my best since I'm still not very good at channeling my feelings.
【Nene】Okay, but we should take a break first. After all, it isn't good to push yourself too hard.
【Honami】Oh...
【Honami】Hehe. You're right. Then, if you don't mind, let's take a quick break.
【Nene】Yeah, let's take it nice and easy.
【Honami】Saki's told me about some of the things Tsukasa does to practice...
【Honami】But acting is so hard. Now that I've given it a try, I realize just how challenging it really is.
【Nene】Yeah, it's hard not to feel that way since you're still getting the hang of it. But it gets easier after it's become second nature...
【Honami】I see... How do you normally practice, Kusanagi?
【Nene】Huh? Well...
【Nene】Basic things like we did just now. Aside from practicing projecting my voice, singing and dancing are pretty crucial.
【Nene】I also research how to become a better actress by seeing shows and watching movies...
【Nene】Oh, building up your stamina is also important.
【Honami】Stamina?
【Nene】Yeah. If you don't have enough stamina, not only will you be unable to move the way you need to, you'll also lose your concentration...
【Nene】I don't know if this has been helping at all, but I have been doing some walking before heading out for school each morning...
【Honami】That's incredible...! I didn't realize just how hard you had to work.
【Nene】I still have a long road up ahead... But I make a point of doing everything I can in the moment.
【Nene】I mean, you're the same way, right?
【Honami】Huh?
【Nene】I feel like the same thing goes for practicing playing an instrument. Also, playing live must require a ton of stamina.
【Nene】Not only that, I'm sure you've been doing a lot to help your band succeed.
【Honami】Oh...
【Honami】Yes... When you put it that way, I suppose I have been keeping very busy.
【Honami】Just like you, I feel that I should be doing everything I can.
【Nene】Hehe. I had a feeling.
【Nene】I already thought you and I were in the same boat, but I guess we're similar in this way too.
【Honami】I agree. We're both working very hard towards our respective dreams.
【Honami】I'm so glad that I'm getting to work on this event with you, Kusanagi...
【Nene】Huh?
【Honami】Because practicing with you has given me a chance to get to know you much better.
【Nene】Oh...
【Nene】Y-Yeah...
【Honami】Oh, if the reading event does go well, the two of us should throw a little party to celebrate.
【Nene】Huh?
【Honami】I want to use that opportunity to talk some more with you.
【Nene】O-Oh... Okay.
【Nene】In that case, we have to do everything we can to succeed.
【Nene】Let's make sure it goes really well.
【Honami】Yes!
[Sound] bgm00000
