【MEIKO — Talking Coffee Time〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: Talking Coffee Time（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Awakening Beat
scenarioId: 025011_meiko02

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【KAITO】So they managed to get revenge on that event they mentioned? What was it called, STAY GOLDEN?
【MEIKO】Yes, it seems that way.
【KAITO】Good for them. Especially since they spent so much time practicing here too.
【KAITO】I'm sure you felt a sense of relief as well, Miku. You seemed so anxious as the event approached.
【Miku】That was because I know that practicing as much as possible doesn't necessarily mean you'll get results when it matters.
【Miku】But I'm so proud of them. Kohane in particular since I heard she did something absolutely incredible.
【KAITO】Oh, really?! I wish I could've heard her sing.
[Sound] se00006
【MEIKO】Oh, speaking of which...
【Kohane】Hello!
【Miku】You're here early. Are you done with practice already?
【An】Yup. We're gonna be in another battle event tomorrow as a team, so we took it easy today.
【Miku】Oh, really...? Do you think you'll win?
【Akito】Well, yeah.
【Toya】We couldn't be in better shape either.
【Miku】That's great, and I wouldn't expect anything less.
【MEIKO】Hehe. Now then, what can I get you guys?
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】Here you are, Kohane, An. That should be everything, right?
[Sound] bgm00024
【Kohane】Yes, thank you very much.
【An】I kinda feel bad about us coming in all together and barraging you with orders.
【MEIKO】Hehe. I'm doing this because I love it, so there's nothing for you to worry about.
【MEIKO】But it never ceases to amaze me how lively this place has become...
【Len】Hey, I was saving that cookie for later...!
【Rin】I didn't see your name on it! The early bird gets the worm, right?
【Akito】How is it that you two can fight over absolutely nothing?
【Rin & Len】Because he...! Because she...!
【KAITO】Oh, Weekend Garage? It would be nice to try their coffee sometime.
【Toya】Then why don't I bring you some of their original blend next time? All I'd have to do is buy some.
【KAITO】You'd do that?! Thank you, I can't wait to try it!
【MEIKO】It's such a strange thing. Rin, Len and everyone else hardly ever used to come here. Now it's like they're here every day.
【An】Yeah, come to think of it, I didn't really see Rin around when we first came here...
【MEIKO】Yes. That may also have something to do with her constantly fighting with Len...
【MEIKO】But she seemed to be wandering and singing all by herself for some time.
【Kohane】I never knew that.
【MEIKO】However, she and Len eventually made up. Then they met all of you, started singing together, and found a home here.
【MEIKO】I have a feeling that they saw you guys and felt a need to treat each other better as partners.
【An】Wait, really...?
【MEIKO】You may have to ask them to find out if I'm right, but I believe so.
【MEIKO】Thank you for being such a good influence.
【Kohane & An】...
【MEIKO】Oh, is something bothering you?
【Kohane】It just surprised me a little is all.
【An】Yeah. It just felt like we've been relying on you, MEIKO, and everybody else here so much.
【MEIKO】Hehe. That's a two-way street.
【MEIKO】You've already done quite a lot for all of us here.
【Kohane】We have...?
【MEIKO】You care about your partners and your team. You work diligently as a team to overcome whatever challenges you're faced with...
【MEIKO】Miku, Rin, Len, everyone... They all saw how you worked together as a team and are doing their best to keep up with you guys.
【MEIKO】And I couldn't be happier to see them practicing so hard.
【MEIKO】Well, with the exception of KAITO. You know how he is...
【MEIKO】But I'm also here to make my cafe a place where you can all feel like you belong.
【Kohane】Yes, I see. It really is nice being here.
【An】Yeah, I think so too. You're even here to give us great advice about stuff.
【MEIKO】And feel free to keep asking.
【MEIKO】Plus, you coming to visit helps make this place just that much more vibrant.
【Kohane & An】Thank you!
【MEIKO】(Such a vibrant little cafe.)
【MEIKO】(Hehe. I wonder if our little friend will return too now that this place has become so lively.)
【MEIKO】I'll be looking forward to when that happens.
[Sound] bgm00000
