【Hinomori Shiho — Important Preparations〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hinomori Shiho
Card: Important Preparations（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Little Bravers!
scenarioId: 004024_shiho01

[Background Change] bg_c001201
[Caption] Live House
【Manager】Then, we'll go with this date.
【Shiho】Okay, thank you very much.
【Manager】Alright, Leo/need now has a venue booked for their solo show...
[Sound] se00001
【Manager】Next, you'll have to start working on all the other preparations for it. Between rehearsals and gathering your audience, I know it's gonna be a lot, so I wish you good luck.
【Shiho】I really appreciate it. Even after giving us a rental discount...
【Manager】Don't worry about that. I'm just happy that I get to be a part of your very first solo show, Hinomori.
【Manager】I worry about most bands since they usually have trouble turning a profit with a solo show, but I'm much more optimistic about you now, Hinomori...
【Shiho】Thank you...
【Manager】Also, here's the equipment list... Actually, you probably have everything memorized already, don't you...?
【Manager】And here are the papers you'll need to fill out, including the ones for your timetable and stage layout.
【Manager】I'm guessing that your band still doesn't have a finalized set list yet, but we'll want that sooner rather than later.
【Shiho】Understood. I'll tell the others about that and try to get it to you as quickly as possible.
【Manager】Okay. Please feel free to ask if you have any questions.
【Manager】Anyway, why don't you get started with work? Our act for today should be here soon.
【Shiho】Okay, I'll start preparing.
[Sound] se00097
【Shiho】I still have some time before I have to get their equipment set up, so I'll take a quick look at these papers...
[Sound] se00122
【Shiho】Let's see... We'll need to write up a member list, a stage layout and a timetable... I'll give these to Honami tomorrow...
【Shiho】We'll be playing a lot more songs than usual, so we're gonna need to also think about what effects we want to use...
【Shiho】Since it's gonna be just us, we can come up with a more intricate sound scheme. It might be nice to have Ichika's guitar solos stand out more.
【Shiho】However, above all else, this is gonna be about the way we perform... We'll need to practice like we really mean it.
【Shiho】...
【Shiho】A solo show...
【Shiho】Our solo show... It's really happening...
【Shiho】(Alright, that's it for the equipment... Next, I need to...)
【Staff A】Hey, Hinomori! Do you remember which amps the second band's gonna use for their guitar?
【Shiho】These ones. They're all set up.
【Staff A】Nice! Thanks for doing that. You work so fast.
[Sound] se00100
【Staff B】Hey, Shiho, I heard from the manager that Leo/need's doing a solo show! Is that true?
【Shiho】Yes, it is. We decided to do one fairly recently...
【Staff A】Wait, really?! Where?!
【Shiho】Here. I just set a date with the manager.
【Staff A】Seriously...?! Whoa! Leo/need's finally doing a show all by themselves...
【Shiho】I honestly thought that we still weren't ready to do one, but we decided to go for it...
【Staff B】No way. You're totally ready! I mean, you girls are so good now!
【Staff A】I agree. You were all really good to start, but it's amazing how far you've come recently.
【Shiho】Thank you very much.
【Shiho】(That means a lot coming from them since they've seen so many bands come and go...)
【Staff B】Good luck. I'm sure it's gonna go great!
【Staff A】Yeah. We've been watching your progress since the beginning, so we know what we're talking about!
【Staff B】Hey, I get that you're proud of them, but you're putting a lot of pressure on Shiho.
【Staff A】Of course I'm proud! They're even playing here! That means we need to do our absolute best for them as the staff!
【Staff B】True. It is their very first solo show, so I get why you're so excited to help them out!
【Staff B】So, Shiho, are there any specific effects that you wanna use? You can use all the lights and smoke as you like!
【Shiho】What you do for the other bands should be more than enough. I'd rather we not be given any special treatment...
【Staff B】Hehe. We're offering because you're all so modest and have an incredible work ethic.
【Staff A】Exactly. And Hinomori, you work so hard here and are a great sub.
【Staff B】Not only that, your band produces great songs and each member's really nice. It's only natural for us to feel more motivated than usual.
【Shiho】The others will definitely like hearing that bit...
【Staff B】Hehe. Anyway, as Leo/need fans, we want to give your band as much support as we can.
【Staff A】Right. So, don't hesitate to ask us for anything. Let us help you put on the best show possible.
【Shiho】Okay, thank you both very much...
【Shiho】If we feel that we're going to need your help, we'll make sure to ask...
【Shiho】(I didn't realize that we had such valuable supporters hiding right under our noses...)
【Shiho】(All the more reason to make sure our show succeeds...)
[Sound] bgm00000
