【Hoshino Ichika — Connecting Tones〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hoshino Ichika
Card: Connecting Tones（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Echo My Melody
scenarioId: 001020_ichika01

[Background Change] bg_a001901
[Caption] Rehearsal Studio
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00020
【Shiho】Okay... This seems like a good place to stop.
【Ichika】Yeah, I agree.
【Honami】Nice work, everyone.
【Saki】Hey, guess what? I brought some snacks with me today for all of us! Bon appetit♪
【Honami】Thank you, Saki. In that case, I think I'll have some.
【Ichika】Oh, I've been seeing the commercial for those chocolate ones a lot lately. They're a seasonal flavor, right?
【Saki】Yeah! There's also...
[Sound] se00055
【Saki】Here! They just came out with these orange-flavored gummies! I really recommend them! When you put one in your mouth, you get hit with a wave of orangey deliciousness!
【Shiho】Hehe. Orangey deliciousness?
【Saki】You'll know when you try them! So, here! Have some!
【Shiho】Okay, okay. I'll take one.
【Honami】I'd like some of those chocolate ones.
【Saki】Take what you like, Ichi!
【Ichika】Uh, okay. Thanks.
【Ichika】...
【Saki】Ichi...? Do you not know which to choose?
【Ichika】Yeah, both sound really good...
【Saki】Haha. Oh, Ichi. You know you can have both, right? I brought plenty.
【Ichika】Really? Then, I think I'll do just that...
【Ichika】Still, which do I start with...?
【Shiho】I really don't think this requires that much thought.
【Ichika】I know. I'm just wondering how the orange gummy will taste after I have something that's chocolate-flavored.
【Ichika】She went through the trouble of bringing them for us, so I'd like to enjoy them in the best way possible.
【Honami】Hehe. Ichika, that reminds me of how you couldn't decide which rice ball to eat when I made some for you and Ms. Yoisaki.
【Saki】What? That sounds like a fun story!
【Honami】So, the other day, Ichika and I went over to Ms. Yoisaki's... We went over to the person who I do housework for's house.
【Honami】Since I was going over with Ichika, I thought that I could make some salmon and cod roe rice balls for them...
【Honami】But Ichika ended up spending around ten minutes deciding which to eat first.
【Saki】Wait, ten minutes?!
【Ichika】It took me that long...?
【Shiho】Honestly, how did you end up spending so much time on that?
【Ichika】So... I was going to try a cod roe one first since I had had a salmon one just the other day from the convenience store.
【Ichika】However, I thought the ones Honami made were bound to taste different, which is why my eyes started wandering towards the salmon...
【Saki】Oh, that makes total sense!
【Saki】I remember buying a ham sandwich from somewhere this one time and having Hona share the ones that she made with me. When I tried them, they were both really yummy♪
【Shiho】Ohh... That was when your lunch and what you shared ended up being the same thing, right?
【Honami】Yes, it also happened with egg salad and tuna sandwiches...
【Ichika】But you brought a ham sandwich on purpose that time, didn't you?
【Saki】Yeah! And they were both really good!
【Saki】But I thought the sandwiches you made were better, Hona, because you filled them with so much love!
【Honami】Really? Hehe. Thank you, Saki.
【Saki】Which is why I'd get how you'd want to try something Hona made even though you had something similar from a convenience store just recently.
【Ichika】*Nod* Thank you for understanding.
【Shiho】I see. I think I sorta get why you couldn't immediately decide that time...
【Shiho】But this is a choice between chocolates or gummies. Homemade isn't exactly an option.
【Ichika】Oh...
【Saki】Haha! So, why not have both at the same time?
【Ichika】A-At the same time?
【Saki】Yeah! Think about orangettes! They give you a yummy mix of orangey and chocolatey goodness, right?
【Saki】So, why not have both at the same time?!
【Ichika】Y-Yeah... I guess...?
【Saki】Actually, I'm curious now too. Let's all try them together♪
【Ichika】Okay, let's give it a try.
【Saki】Hehe. *Nom*
【Ichika】Hm...?
【Honami】How is it...?
【Ichika】Mmm! Really good!
【Saki】Mmmm! It's like this refreshing sweetness that melts in your mouth!
【Saki】This might actually be the best way to eat these! Shiho, Hona, you both gotta try this!
【Shiho】You think so?
【Honami】Then, let's give it a try.
【Shiho】Mmm. Yeah, this is actually pretty good.
【Honami】Yes, it is! I love how your mouth becomes filled with the aroma of chocolates and oranges at the same time. This combination makes my mouth so happy.
【Saki】I know, right?! And we have you to thank, Ichi! Your indecision led to this unbelievable discovery!
【Ichika】I think you're giving me too much credit.
【Ichika, Saki, Shiho & Honami】Hehe. Haha!
[Sound] bgm00000
