【Otori Emu — Brand New Style〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: Brand New Style（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 014030_emu02

[Background Change] bg_a001101
[Caption] Diner
【Nene】What?! Emu, you became a class representative?!
【Emu】Yeah, I did!
【Emu】I wanna do everything I can to fill my class with as many smiles as I can♪
【Rui】Emu as a class representative... That sounds very fun.
【Nene】Does it sound fun...? Or does it sound like chaos...?
【Tsukasa】Actually, you may be surprised. Emu could actually excel at leading the class in an innovative way.
【Emu】You really think so?!
【Tsukasa】But you mustn't take this job lightly! It involves squabbling with others constantly...
【Tsukasa】There may be times when you get wrapped up in heated discussions with your classmates that last all day! That's far from easy.
【Emu】Squabble? Heated discussions? What do you mean...?
【Rui】You may get into a few arguments. From what I recall, Tsukasa's previous class was very active in that department...
【Rui】That ball sports competition where the volleyball and baseball teams fought over players especially comes to mind.
【Tsukasa】Yes, that's definitely in the top three for toughest conflicts that I had to resolve as a class representative.
【Nene】Oh, right. I forgot that you were a class representative until not too long ago.
【Nene】I'm honestly still having trouble imagining you as one... Do you plan on giving it another go?
【Tsukasa】No! For various reasons, I have decided to be a hall monitor this year.
【Nene】A hall monitor?! You?!
【Emu】Haha. It's just one surprise after another for you today, Nene!
【Nene】Of course I'm surprised. I mean, I never expected you to become a class rep or Tsukasa to become a hall monitor.
【Nene】Seriously, how were your classes okay with either of those things?
【Tsukasa】Well... A lot happened.
【Rui】Very true. It was quite the scene.
【Tsukasa】And who do you think is to blame?
【Nene】Maybe I should stop asking about this...
【Emu】Wait, Nene, Rui, you haven't told us which committee you're gonna be on yet!
【Nene】I joined the library committee.
【Emu】Oh, okay! That makes sense since you've been reading lots of books lately!
【Nene】I'm just doing that to learn more about becoming a better stage performer. Besides, I didn't exactly volunteer...
【Nene】Oh, that reminds me... Aoyagi was there when I went to go meet the other committee members.
【Tsukasa】What?! Toya's going to be on the library committee again this year?!
【Rui】Interesting... I didn't know that. He must really love books.
【Emu】Wait, when you say Toya, do you mean the one who was really good at video games?!
【Emu】That's great, Nene! I bet you two will get a lot closer this year!
【Nene】I dunno about that... But I'm glad that someone I know is there.
【Tsukasa】Yes, if Toya is around, you should have no problems!
【Tsukasa】Still, this conversation is making it feel like the new term has truly begun...
【Emu】Yup yup! We're in new classes and on new committees. It's like everything around us is sparkling!
【Emu】Wait... Rui, what committee did you end up going for?
【Rui】It's not new so it might not count as “sparkling,” but I've chosen to remain on the greening committee.
【Emu】Oh, really?! You must like it a lot, huh?
【Rui】Well... It's not a committee that stands out very much, but the work is rewarding.
【Rui】Also, there are some seeds that I planted that have yet to sprout.
【Rui】It didn't feel right for me to leave before they had the chance to grow into flowers.
【Tsukasa】I didn't expect you to care for plants that much...
【Emu】You don't even eat your veggies!
【Nene】I said the same thing to him just the other day.
【Rui】Anyway, let's leave it at that. I'm glad to hear that we all joined committees we can enjoy.
【Emu】Me too! And if I run into any trouble, I'm gonna ask you for help since you used to be a class rep, Tsukasa☆
【Tsukasa】Of course! Throw any questions you have my way!
【Nene】Honestly, I'm not sure if you really wanna follow his example...
【Rui】But as far as I could tell, his classmates seemed to hold him in very high regard.
【Emu】I see...
【Emu】Then, I'm gonna do my best to become a reliable class rep just like Tsukasa!
【Emu】Class 2-B's gonna be so wonderhoy and full of smiles! I'll work hard to make this the most fun year ever☆
【Nene】Hehe. Break a leg.
【Rui】That's our Emu for you. I'll also be cheering you on.
[Sound] bgm00000
