【Otori Emu — Fishing Before The Storm〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Otori Emu
Card: Fishing Before The Storm（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Desperate Times?! Island Panic!
scenarioId: 014017_emu01

[Background Change] bg_d000202
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
[Caption] Wonder Stage
【Emu】Tsukasa! Rui! We're done cleaning up over here!
【Tsukasa】We're just about done as well, so we can call it a day after we get changed.
【Rui】Good work, everyone. If we keep this up, we should be more than ready for our ambassadorial performance.
【Nene】Yeah. Not only that, we get to do it in Okinawa...
【Tsukasa】That's right. It'll be the furthest we've ever traveled for one of these shows.
【Emu】Hehe. I can't wait☆ And we get to go on Shosuke's cruiser♪
【Emu】Oh, that reminds me! He also told me to ask you guys about something!
【Rui】Hm? Does it have to do with our ambassadorial performance?
【Emu】So, it has to do with what we can do while we're on his cruiser. He said that we'll have time to stop somewhere for a few hours to play in the ocean, and he told me to ask how you guys would feel about that!
【Nene】Wait, he's letting us do that?
【Tsukasa】I see... Doing that after we've put on our show seems fine, but before...?
【Rui】It may not be easy for us to practice while we're aboard the cruiser, so we could take that opportunity to relax a little before our show, no?
【Tsukasa】Yes, that's also true.
【Emu】Woohoo! What do you guys wanna do?
【Emu】Oh, I already asked if we can try doing some water skiing♪
【Nene】Water skiing? As in being towed by a boat while wearing skis?
【Tsukasa】Oh, that sounds incredibly fun!
【Emu】I know, right?! But he said that we couldn't because we might get hurt!
【Tsukasa】We can't?! To be fair, we probably shouldn't take too many risks before our show...
【Emu】But he said he'd be okay with looking for an instructor after we do our show!
【Nene】That sounds really scary. I think I'll be okay with just watching...
【Nene】Also, what happened to coming up with things to do while we're aboard the cruiser?
【Emu】Hehe. Oh, right... So, what do you guys wanna do?
【Tsukasa】Since we'll be out on the water, I'd like to do some fishing!
【Nene】I'm not sure what I want to do yet...
【Nene】It's gonna be warm and I might get sunburnt, so I might just relax inside the cabin since it should be nice and cool.
【Rui】I think I'll get in some reading. It'll be wonderful to do so while getting a taste of the sea breeze.
【Rui】And I'll be more than satisfied as long as I get to see Tsukasa and the rest of you battle it out with the fishes...
【Tsukasa】Hahaha! Alright, I'll just have to catch something so big that it leaves you completely speechless!
【Rui】Hm? Something so big...? Like the Earth?
【Tsukasa】Ugh... Are you insinuating that I'm going to get my hook caught on some corals or rocks below the surface?
【Rui】That and an old boot to complete the picture.
【Tsukasa】Grr... Again with the mockery! Just you wait! I'll catch me some snappers, tuna, shrimp, flounders or what have you!
【Nene】Why shrimp?
【Emu】Oh, they'll be nice and plump. Really yummy too if we grill or fry them right there♪
【Rui】Also, Tsukasa, you seem awfully confident in your abilities. Have you fished before in the past?
【Tsukasa】Down by a river when I was little.
【Emu】Wait, that's it?
【Tsukasa】Hm? What of it?
【Rui】That makes you a total novice...
【Tsukasa】Heh. I may be a total novice... However, my victory is assured!
【Tsukasa】Because I have beginner's luck on my side!!
【Rui】Which means your success is based on pure chance.
【Emu】Haha! That's so cool, Tsukasa!
【Nene】Yeah, there's just no way. If dumb luck alone lets you catch snappers and tuna, then you'd be bringing the fishing industry to its knees.
【Tsukasa】Hahaha! Say these things while you can! I'll show you all when we're aboard the cruiser!
【Rui】Hehe. Yes, I'll be looking forward to that.
【Emu】Then, fishing it is♪
【Emu】What else do you guys wanna do? It's okay for us to come up with lots and lots of ideas!
【Nene】That's easier said than done. I mean, I'm not really sure what else we can do while we're out at sea...
【Rui】In that case, why don't we do a quick search on our phones? We may come across some fun and interesting activities.
【Tsukasa】Agreed. Let's take this time to come up with things to do while we're aboard the cruiser.
【Emu】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
