【Hoshino Ichika — A Picture Of Radiance〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Hoshino Ichika
Card: A Picture Of Radiance（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Show Your Shine
scenarioId: 001040_ichika02

[Background Change] bg_a000601
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy
【Ichika】(Thank goodness I was able to finish my art project on time.)
【Ichika】(The teacher even praised me for “expressing what I felt in a very straightforward manner.”)
【Ichika】(I really need to thank Miku and the others sometime...)
[Sound] se_walk_women_002_1
【Saki】Ichi!
【Ichika】Oh, hi, Saki.
【Saki】You have your sketchbook with you... Does that mean you just had art class?
【Ichika】Yeah, we just got our projects back.
【Saki】Oh! You drew a picture of Miku, right? Can I see what kind of masterpiece you created?
【Ichika】Okay, one second.
[Sound] se00055_b
【Saki】Wow, it's Miku! And she's so colorful! It's really pretty!
【Ichika】Yeah, I decided to use a variety of colors to express the different ways in which Miku is radiant. But I still feel like I could've done a better job...
【Saki】No, don't say that! This totally shows me how you see Miku, Ichi!
【Ichika】R-Really?
【Saki】Really! She can be incredibly cool, adorably cute or super sparkly!
【Saki】Your drawing is a tidy package that's jam-packed with all of her best qualities!
【Ichika】Th-Thanks...
【Ichika】I actually had Miku and some of the others help me with this.
【Saki】You did?
【Ichika】Yeah, she agreed to model for me. We even all ended up drawing together...
【Ichika】That really allowed me to complete my project.
【Saki】I didn't know that!
【Ichika】*Nod* It was really hard, but it was definitely worth the effort.
【Ichika】Plus, Saki, you understood what I was trying to do in terms of how to present her radiance.
【Saki】Yeah! That was crystal clear!
【Ichika】And your project turned out so well.
【Ichika】I did get to see your progress along the way, but the end result was really beautiful.
【Saki】Hehe♪ How gorgeous was Kanade?
【Ichika】Very. And I immediately understood what you were trying to do, Saki.
【Ichika】It struck me that basing the outfit off of Kanade's songs really brought her kindness to the surface.
【Saki】Yeah. I ended up causing her a lot of trouble because I took so long to arrive on the right answer...
【Saki】But I'm really glad that I kept trying until I was satisfied!
【Ichika】Hehe. That means we both did our very best.
【Ichika】Oh, before I forget... I wanted your advice on something, Saki.
【Saki】My advice?
【Ichika】I want to thank Miku and the others for helping me with my project.
【Saki】Oh, okay. Then, why don't you get them some yummy snacks?
【Saki】You can tell them how well your project went while having a little picnic together!
【Ichika】Oh, that's a good idea... I might stop by the store on my way home.
【Saki】Hehe. I'm sure they'll love whatever you bring!
【Saki】Oh, speaking of which! I need to thank Kanade for helping me!
【Saki】What do you think I should do for her, Ichi?
【Ichika】Hmm... Nothing too extravagant, since you don't want her to believe that she has to return the favor.
【Saki】Right. Hmm... This is really hard...
【Ichika】Hehe. I'm sure you'll figure something out.
【Saki】Wait, Ichi, you're not gonna help me?!
[Sound] bgm00000
