【Kagamine Rin — Unspeakable Words〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kagamine Rin
Card: Unspeakable Words（3★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Don't lose faith!
scenarioId: 022020_rin01

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【MEIKO】Alright, I hereby declare this meeting to discuss our strategy for the girls' training sessions open!
【Rin】Yay♪
【Len】Yay...? You know we're not here to play around, right?
【Luka】Hehe. We may actually come up with some nice ideas if we do try to have fun with this like her.
【Miku】So... Shiho asked us to teach her and the others how to play their instruments better.
【KAITO】Right. She said one-on-one sessions would be preferable...
【KAITO】But... Who's going to be looking at who?
【MEIKO】That's the issue at hand. There are six of us and only four of them.
【Rin】No, two of us are gonna get left out! That'd be way too sad!
【Len】Then, why don't we have those two move around freely?
【Miku】Move around?
【Len】Yeah, they could roam between groups to see how everyone's doing.
【Luka】Yes, that's a nice idea. I was just thinking one of us should sort of oversee everything.
【KAITO】Yes, I see... That could work...
【KAITO】However... I probably shouldn't be the one...
【Rin】Wait, KAITO, why not? You seem like the one who'd see things the most objectively.
【KAITO】Each of the girls is going to have a tutor assigned to them, yes...? As they train and work together...
【KAITO】In time, their bond will grow stronger...
【Miku】Right. That means our trust in one another will also increase.
【KAITO】Exactly. As nice as that may be...
【KAITO】I'm not sure I can handle practicing with someone like that...
【Miku】Oh, I see...
【Len】You sure? I have a feeling that you'd do fine since the goal of this is to make them better performers.
【MEIKO】In any case, let's start thinking about who's going to be assigned to who.
【MEIKO】I'd like to lead off by saying Honami asked me for some help, so I'd like to be assigned to her if possible.
【Miku】Hmm... I'd like to work with Ichika or Shiho. We already do a lot of sessions together, and know about each other's habits and tendencies.
【Luka】I'm in the same boat.
【Rin】I'm okay with anyone♪ It could be really fun to move around and see how everyone's doing!
【Len】Hmm.... I'm also okay with anyone. I can't really think of a good reason to be assigned to a particular person like you guys.
【MEIKO】Then, KAITO, how about you?
【KAITO】Um... I'm not sure I have a strong preference either...
【Len】Saki's still on the table. If anything, I think Rin should be assigned to her since they get along so great.
【Luka】Right... However, in terms of training, there is one thing that's bothering me.
【Miku】What's that?
【Luka】We're all essentially able to play any instrument... That also means we don't specialize in any particular one.
【KAITO】Yes, that's true... I like playing certain instruments, but they're not necessarily my specialty...
【KAITO】I'm also worried about one person teaching someone for two weeks straight since they'd only be exposed to that tutor's style and knowledge...
【MEIKO】Hmm... You bring up a good point.
【Rin】So, it's not a good idea to have the same teacher the entire time?
【Rin】Then, why don't we shuffle around? You could be assigned to one person today, and someone else tomorrow!
【Len】Hey, don't kid around like...
【Len】Actually, that might be a really good idea...
【Miku】Yes. That way, one person's teaching style won't dominate.
【Luka】I agree. And as long as we report to each other what we do each day, we'll know how the girls are progressing.
【Rin】Yeah! Also, even if these training sessions do get really tough, they'll get have some fun wondering who's going to be assigned to them for the day♪
【MEIKO】Haha. Definitely!
【KAITO】It'd be easier for me if I were assigned to only one person...
【KAITO】However, it would allow us to be ourselves...
【MEIKO】We all see things from different perspectives, which should greatly benefit Ichika and the girls!
【Rin】Wait, does that mean...?! We're going with my idea?!
【Len】Yup.
【Rin】Woohoo! Do the tutor shuffle!
【MEIKO】Alright, now we need to discuss who's going to be assigned to who first!
【Rin】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
