【Kamishiro Rui — To The Undersea Show!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: To The Undersea Show!（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: The Power of Regret
scenarioId: 016039_rui01

[Background Change] bg_d000101
[Caption] Morinomiya Music Academy - Rehearsal Room
【Tsukasa】Heh heh heh... We finally get to have our first lesson at Morinomiya!
【Tsukasa】The revue has a storied history dating back over a hundred years, and we get to study at its school.
【Tsukasa】I've never been this excited in my life!!
【Rui】Me neither. We've been given quite an extraordinary opportunity here.
【Rui】This is arguably the best place to learn about musicals, so we'll need to make the most of our time here.
【Tsukasa】Agreed! However...
【Rui】Hm? Is something wrong?
【Tsukasa】I'm a little worried about Nene and Emu.
【Tsukasa】We get to attend classes with the rest of the boys together, but Nene and Emu have been sent to study with the girls and operations team respectively.
【Rui】Right. We haven't been separated like this before now...
【Rui】But I don't think we need to worry about them.
【Tsukasa】Hm? What makes you say that?
【Rui】Nene and Emu have both overcome quite a lot in order to get to this point.
【Rui】They both know how to turn their worry and anxiety into fuel for moving forward.
【Rui】If anything, they may grow quite a bit while they're away from us.
【Tsukasa】Good point... Then, we'll also need to do our very best.
【Tsukasa】Starting with our first lesson! Let's go and give it everything we have, Rui!
【Rui】Yes, let's improve so much that even they won't believe it.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】(Our first lesson involves ballet. We're beginning with warm-up stretches and barre work.)
[Sound] bgm00052
【Rui】(Place one leg on the barre and tilt your upper body forwards, backwards and side to side. This is an exercise called “limbering”, intended to make your groin more flexible.)
【Rui】Keep your leg in this position and tilt your upper body...!
【Tsukasa】H-Hnnggg...! Is this supposed to be this hard...?!
【Rui】Professional ballet dancers can do this with ease. I have nothing but respect for them...!
【Rui】(The other students are also having no trouble doing this.)
【Rui】(Which means this is a basic exercise to them. In that case...)
【Tsukasa】Rui?! You can keep going, right?!
【Rui】Of course...!
【Rui】*Wince*
【Tsukasa】Aaarrrghhh...!!!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00024
[Caption] After the lesson
【Rui】...
【Tsukasa】...
【Rui】Flexibility is my biggest foe at this point...
【Tsukasa】The same goes for me...
【Tsukasa】However, we seem to be doing okay in terms of stamina.
【Rui】Yes... Our Mikazukigumi training seems to be paying off.
【Tsukasa】That is nice to know... But does this mean we're going to be shouting in pain during every ballet lesson?
【Rui】If we don't find a way to become much more flexible very fast, then yes.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Tsukasa】What if we started drinking a liter of vinegar a day, starting now...?
【Rui】I'm not sure even your stomach can handle that, Tsukasa.
【Rui】Also, what you said is just an old wives' tale. There's no scientific evidence that drinking vinegar makes one more flexible.
【Tsukasa】Ah, that's unfortunate...
【Rui】However, well... It could be fun to run an experiment to see if bathing in vinegar can help us become more flexible.
【Tsukasa】Bathing in vinegar?
【Rui】Vinegar helps cuts of meat become softer by causing the protein within to denature, yes?
[Sound] bgm00200
【Rui】So, what if the same applied to our bodies♪
【Tsukasa】Yes, because it would make us softer... No, wait! That only works when you're cooking meat!
【Rui】Yes, but cooking is based in science.
【Tsukasa】Still! Instead of making us more flexible, we'd essentially be prepping ourselves for the grill!
【Rui】Unfortunately, you're right. Which means we'll have to keep searching for another way to become more flexible...
【Tsukasa】Yes... Unfortunately...
【Rui & Tsukasa】*Sigh*
[Sound] bgm00000
