【Hinomori Shizuku — Determined Brilliance〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hinomori Shizuku
Card: Determined Brilliance（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Grow Glorious Glow
scenarioId: 008040_shizuku01

[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Caption] MORE MORE HOUSE
[Sound] se00007_b
【Shizuku】Are you seeing anything, Saito...?
【Saito】Not a single new offer, it seems...
【Haruka】Okay...
【Saito】I'm sorry that this investigation has taken as much time as it already has. I wish I could do more for all of you...
[Sound] bgm00024
【Minori】No, don't say that! It could just be that we're not quite who everyone is looking for right now!
【Shizuku】Yes, and we know that you're doing your best for us.
【Airi】If anything, one could argue that we could be doing more as a group.
【Haruka】In any case, let's try to see things in a positive light.
【Haruka】For example... We now have more time for our streams.
【Minori】Right! Especially since there were times when we had to take breaks from our streams, or all four of us weren't present!
【Shizuku】True... Oh, since our schedule is open right now, why don't we try streaming every day for a whole week?
【Saito】E-Every day for a whole week?!
【Saito】What a wonderful reward for... No, I mean... Are you sure? I mean, that sounds like a lot of work...
【Airi】Yeah, it's gonna take a lot of preparation, and it wouldn't really be possible under normal circumstances...
【Shizuku】But we have plenty of time on our hands right now.
【Shizuku】Which is why I'd like for us to do streams each day with the theme of “Let's Do Our Best Together This Week♪” in mind.
【Haruka】That sounds nice... We can definitely set aside some time to get ready for it.
【Haruka】Plus, we're not appearing as much on TV right now, so it'll be good for us to let everyone know that we're still around by doing ambitious streams like this.
【Minori】I also don't mind if it's gonna be a lot of work. I wanna try doing streams for a whole week!
【Minori】I mean, if it's for our fans, then I'm willing to take on tough challenges like this one!
【Airi】Me too! Chances like this don't come around often, so let's make the most of it!
【Shizuku】Yes, let's!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【Haruka】Then, during the week, we'll do morning streams of us doing stretches that can help wake you up.
【Airi】I know. Since we're probably gonna be working late into the night preparing for the next day, why don't we all stay here at the MORE MORE HOUSE?
【Airi】That way, we can film the person who gets up last each morning. How does that sound?
【Shizuku】Oh, like a sleepover? That sounds like fun!
【Minori】Wait, I'm probably gonna be the last person to get up! My hair's always a gigantic mess, so I'd sort of rather not be seen...
【Haruka】Oh, that reminds me of our training camp...
【Minori】No, don't remember! That was so embarrassing for me!
【Airi】Given that we're going to have solid ideas for our streams on Saturday and Sunday, it'd be nice to do evening streams during the week too.
【Haruka】I agree. How does doing an evening or late-night stream each day sound?
【Minori】Yeah! Two in one day!
【Saito】B-But! Are you sure?! That means we'd get to see you all twice each day during the week!
【Airi】Saito already sees us basically every day, and look how happy she is. That sounds worth doing to me.
【Shizuku】That just leaves exactly what we're going to do...
【Shizuku】Wait, I know. What if we tried making dinner together?
【Minori】Oh, more cooking streams?! The ones we've done in the past have all done really well!
【Shizuku】Exactly. I was thinking that we could try making some simple but nutritious dishes so that everyone else can follow along with.
【Haruka】I like that. We could even take it a step further by asking everyone to post pictures of their dishes on social media.
【Airi】Actually, if we're gonna do that, then we could post the recipes in advance and invite everyone to cook along with us!
【Airi】Then, we'll take the pictures they post on social media and bring them up during the stream!
【Shizuku】Oh, that sounds wonderful!
[Background Change] bg_b003301
【Minori】This is it! Our first day!
【Haruka】Everything is ready to go, so let's make this week a fun one.
【Airi】Shizuku! You came up with this idea, so you have the honors!
【Shizuku】Yes, let's!
【Shizuku】Let's do our best to make “MORE MORE WEEK! Spend a week with MORE MORE JUMP!” a fun experience for everyone!
【Shizuku】MORE MORE...!
【Minori, Haruka, Airi & Shizuku】GUSTO!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_b003002
[Sound] bgm00171
[Caption] One week later
【Saito】Nice work with MORE MORE WEEK, everyone!
【Minori, Haruka, Airi & Shizuku】Nice work!
[Sound] se00163_b
【Minori】Mmm...! This juice tastes so good!
【Saito】We have plenty, so feel free to have as much as you like.
【Saito】Just doing streams for a week sounded challenging enough, but you even ended up making short videos of your dance practices... I honestly still can't believe it!
【Saito】We've also seen a lot more subscribers to the channel over this week, so I would call this a definite success.
【Airi】I'm glad we did this. Our fans seemed to really enjoy hanging out with us each day!
【Haruka】Yeah, I also had a lot of fun this past week.
【Minori】Me too! Can I get a refill on my juice, Saito?!
【Saito】Of course!
【Shizuku】(We still haven't been able to figure out why we've stopped receiving offers...)
【Shizuku】(But as long as we have all these people supporting us, then we have to keep doing what we can for them.)
【Shizuku】(And I'm not worried. I'm sure we'll figure out a way to get through this.)
[Sound] bgm00000
