【Kagamine Rin — Bringing The Fun And Games♪〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kagamine Rin
Card: Bringing The Fun And Games♪（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Unsteady, Still Steady Step
scenarioId: 022047_rin02

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Rin】Our party was a huge success! I had so much fun!
【Len】I'm so glad Ichika and the others seemed like they had a ton of fun.
【Rin】Me too! None of this would've been possible without you, Len!
【Rin】So, raise your right hand for me!
【Len】My right hand? Sure.
【Rin】Here's to our success... High five☆
[Sound] se00061_b
【Luka】Nice work, you two. That was such a wonderful party.
【MEIKO】And the girls seemed to really enjoy themselves.
【Rin】Hehe! I also need to thank you and the others for helping us out with it, MEIKO! You guys ended up being lifesavers!
【Miku】We're glad that we could help.
【Luka】Anyway, we've still got one thing left to do for the party, so let's get to it.
【Rin】Right! Our party isn't over yet...
【Rin】It's cleanup time☆
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00052
【Rin】The paper cups go in the bin! The chip bags also go in the bin!
【Rin】And the chocolate wrappers... Oh, nice☆ There's still one left!
【Rin】(I think these are the ones that Sakki said were really good. I'll give it to her the next time she visits!)
【Len】Hey, Rin, don't stop cleaning. This isn't snacktime.
【Rin】I am cleaning! If anything, aren't you dragging your feet a bit?
【KAITO】Oh, it looks like Ichika and the others already put the deck of cards back together.
【Rin】Hey, you're right. In that case, all we have to do is put it back in its case!
【Rin】Still, that game of Old Maid we played was so much fun! Everyone loved doing impressions of each other♪
【KAITO】Honami's impression of Ichika was remarkably good...
【Rin】It was Ichi eating something really yummy, right? It had to have been a yakisoba bun! I know it!
【Rin】And we had a lot of fun blowing up these balloons yesterday too, didn't we!
【Luka】Yes, we did quite a lot with them, including that contest to see who could exhale the longest.
【Miku】All of us put up a good fight. We should do that with Ichika and the others next time.
【Rin】Yeah, that'd be great! I'll add it to the list of possible events for next time!
【Len】It sounds like you're concocting another weird plan...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00180
[Caption] Several dozen minutes later
【Rin】Wow, this place is so much cleaner now! It really goes fast with everyone working together.
【MEIKO】All that's left are the decorations on the blackboard. Once those are down, this classroom will be all back to normal...
【MEIKO】It's a little sad, when it was so lively not too long ago.
【Rin】Yeah, I know what you mean.
【Rin】But cleaning up has also been plenty fun! I mean, we've had a chance to think about everything we did together...
【Rin】Plus, cleaning up feels like a big game where we're trying to complete missions♪
【Miku】Missions?
【Rin】Yeah! For example... The ten-second blackboard challenge!
【Len】The what?
【Rin】You have ten seconds to make the blackboard spotless! If you succeed, then you get to give yourself a pat on the back♪
【Rin】Lemme give it a try! Here I go...
【Rin】*Roar*
[Sound] se00513_b
【KAITO】That's our Rin. She's always got a way to make everything fun.
【Luka】Yes. Why don't we complete these cleanup missions together?
【Rin】Yeah, the more the merrier! That includes you guys, Len!
【Rin】Ready, you guys? Here we go!
【Rin】Our mission is to clean up the classroom! Let's get started!
[Sound] bgm00000
