【Kamishiro Rui — Beastly Madness〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Beastly Madness（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Musical Twilight Parade
scenarioId: 016007_rui01

[Background Change] bg_d000301
[Caption] Phoenix Wonderland
【Emu】Alright, let's GO GO GO to the next area♪
【Saki】Yeah!
【Nene】Emu's having so much fun guiding them around.
【Rui】She already seemed to know them and must have really wanted to show them this place.
【Rui】But you're not having a bad time yourself, are you?
【Nene】Well... I suppose not...
【Tsukasa】Rui! Nene! Hurry up or you'll get left behind!
【Nene】Alright, alright.
【Rui】Hehe. We rarely get this sort of chance, so we should probably make the most of it.
【Nene】Right...
【Tsukasa】Our next attraction is the Phoenix Coaster...!
[Sound] se00175
【Ichika】It's so tall... And it looks really fast...
【Tsukasa】Indeed it does! The Go! Go! Phenny! coaster we rode earlier is very family-oriented, but this one is geared more towards thrill-seeking youngsters!
【Tsukasa】Since its upgrade, it's become one of the biggest draws for this park!
【Nene】Hang on, that's pretty much exactly what the pamphlet for this place said...
【Tsukasa】Hnng...!
【Rui】Allow me to elaborate further...
【Rui】The lights on the coaster change with each season.
【Rui】And since it's much taller than the Phenny coaster, the view from the top is supposed to be spectacular, especially at night.
【Rui】The camera at the peak is set up so that it captures the best possible angle and background as well.
【Rui】What's more, photos are taken not only from the front, but also from behind as you descend for a more dynamic image.
【Ichika & Saki】Whoa!
【Nene】That's how you do it.
【Tsukasa】You... You know your stuff, Rui.
【Rui】Each of this park's attractions has its own charm. I researched them all as references for later.
【Shiho】I was wondering what Tsukasa's troupe would be like, but they all seem much more capable than I expected...
【Saki】Yeah. Rui probably does a lot to keep Tsukasa's crazy ideas in check too.
【Ichika】I see. Kamishiro must really understand him then...
【Tsukasa】Next is... Ah, of course! We should show you some interesting locations alongside the rides and attractions!
【Emu】Oh, I've got this☆ Let me take over, Tsukasa!
【Emu】If you stroll down to the right of this road, you'll find a quiet little path with a bench. It's a lovely spot to sit down and relax♪
【Rui】Hehe... And let's not forget the Phenny monument that's cleverly placed at the beginning of the path.
【Honami】Oh, so it's a spot for taking pictures but a little tucked away?
【Rui】Yes, it's quite photogenic.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Rui】But the best part is how it makes for such great cover.
【Ichika】Huh?
[Sound] bgm00015
【Rui】It's the perfect spot to hide from the park's security guards. They never look behind the monument.
【Honami】Umm, so...?
【Emu】Oh, right! It's because Rui kept getting in trouble with the guards for doing shows in the park without permission♪
【Tsukasa】Oh yeah, he used to do that...
【Tsukasa】Why'd you pick this theme park for that anyway, Rui?
【Rui】Hehe. I was drawn here simply by how many visitors the park attracts.
【Honami】Um... Emu and the others don't seem bothered by it, so maybe it's not as strange as it seems?
【Ichika】Uhh, sure...?
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] bgm00006
【Tsukasa】Alright! Next, we have a ride that takes you through a torrential downpour and gale-force winds!!
【Rui】Hehe. That is a good one, and very realistic too.
【Rui】Although, if you were to ask me, it lacks lightning bolts like the ones we featured in one of our shows.
【Saki】L-Lightning...?
【Nene】I remember that... I was SHOCKED that we actually did that.
【Emu】It was sooo amazing! All ZINGY ZING and ZAP ZAP ZAP!
【Tsukasa】Not only did it give me terrible frizz, some of my hair actually got singed...
【Honami】Wait, this isn't a joke? It really happened?
【Emu】Yup! Rui's really good at coming up with stage effects♪
【Emu】And he makes cool stuff like Robo-Nene and other robots!
【Ichika, Saki, Shiho, & Honami】R-Robots?!
【Rui】Hehe. You'll see some at today's show. Maybe you can see them afterwards as well.
【Honami】W-We'll be looking forward to it...!
【Ichika】It sounds just... Unbelievable, you know?
【Shiho】This is all just going way over my head...
【Saki】Haha... Well, I guess in the end, he is someone that can actually make shows really happen with my brother.
【Ichika】Right...  And maybe a little out of the ordinary in this case is just par for the course.
【Honami】Hehe. They all look like they're having fun, so I guess that's what matters!
【Saki】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
