【Azusawa Kohane — Sea Glass Full Of Feelings〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: Sea Glass Full Of Feelings（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: The BEST Summer Ever!
scenarioId: 009010_kohane02

[Background Change] bg_c000101
[Caption] Weekend Garage
[Sound] se00006
【Kohane】Hello.
【An】Hey, Kohane! Welcome back from the Seaside School!
【Kohane】Hehe. Thanks, An.
【An】I'm gonna go ask my dad to see if I can take a break. Would you mind finding yourself an open seat in the meantime?
【An】Now that you're back, I wanna hear all about your trip.
【Kohane】Yeah, sure!
【An】Wait, you were in the same group as someone who does shows at Phoenix Wonderland?
【Kohane】Yeah! The younger sister of the person, Tsukasa, whom Aoyagi looks up to so much was there too. Her name's Saki.
【An】Really? I didn't know his sister went to Miya Girls!
【Kohane】She does. It was just surprise after surprise with our group.
【Kohane】Saki also knows the first friend I made in high school really well too, so we decided to have lunch together sometime soon.
【Kohane】Saki's childhood friend was in our group too! They even said that they're in a band now!
【Kohane】We even ended up talking a lot about singing and performing together at a show or an event in the future!
【An】They're in a band? That's so cool!
【An】And yeah, I bet it would be pretty fun to sing with them! I can't even begin to think how awesome it would be for us to all be on stage together!
【Kohane】I know, right?! Oh, but Saki also said that they're still just starting out, so they haven't performed in any events or anything yet.
【Kohane】They seem to really want to start playing for people and find ways to become as good as they can.
【An】So they're pretty serious about this, huh? I'm looking forward to working with them even more now!
【An】Anyway... Day one of the Seaside School involved swimming, right?
【Kohane】Yeah. Saki and I aren't particularly good swimmers, but Honami, Saki's friend and our groupmate, helped teach us.
【Kohane】We also smashed watermelons, practiced our song for the last day, and made curry together.
【An】Wow, you guys packed a lot of stuff into one day!
【An】And that curry you made looked so good too! I really loved how you cut carrots into little stars and hearts! They looked so cute!
【Kohane】Yeah, we sort of decided to do that on the fly, but I'm glad we did.
【Kohane】But Honami also looked really nervous the whole time since she knew Saki didn't have much cooking experience.
【An】Hahaha! She taught you two how to swim and was worried sick about her friend? Are you sure she's not her mom or something?
【Kohane】Hehe. That thought crossed my mind too.
【An】Oh, about your curry! I showed Akito and Toya that picture you sent me!
【An】I told them that you were enjoying yourself and Toya seemed genuinely glad that you were having fun.
【An】But Akito just scoffed at your picture and was like all, Whatever...
【An】I think he was turned off by all the decorative carrots you made for it.
【Kohane】Hehe. He really doesn't like carrots, does he?
【Kohane】By the way, did anything happen here while I was gone?
【An】Not much on my end. I was busy the whole time helping out here.
【An】But Akito and Toya ran into one of Akito's old friends and ended up doing a performance for the Summer Festival.
【An】I think they were trying to mix in a dance routine for a change too.
【Kohane】Really? I wish I was there to see it!
【An】Oh, I'm sure you will soon! I heard that they practiced a ton with Len to get it down.
【An】They said that they want to show us in SEKAI sometime.
【Kohane】That's great! I can't wait!
【An】Me neither! Not only that, we'll be able to get back to our usual routine!
【An】I know it's only been a few days, but each day felt so long since we weren't really practicing like normal.
【Kohane】Oh... I felt the same way...
【Kohane】We practiced singing our song for the last day a lot and I even practiced some on my own, but all of it just made me want to return to being Vivid BAD SQUAD.
【Kohane】It really made me realize how lucky I am to have teammates like you, Akito and Toya.
【An】Right back at you, Kohane!
[Sound] se00121
【Kohane】Wah! A-An...!
【Kohane】Oh, I almost forgot...! I got a little ahead of myself talking about what I did...
【Kohane】These fish-shaped oshikura-manju are for you and your dad, An! And this is for you!
【An】Thanks! Hey, can I open it now?
【Kohane】S-Sure...!
【Kohane】(I hope she likes it...)
【An】Oh, it's a photo frame...! Wait, are these pieces of sea glass? They're gorgeous...!
【Kohane】My group managed to find some on the very last day of the Seaside School.
【Kohane】We found enough to try and make a sort of mosaic of them for some photo frames.
【An】Wait, hold on! You're saying that you made this yourself, Kohane?! I totally thought that this was store-bought!
【An】I can really have this?!
【Kohane】Yes! I hope you get a chance to use it!
【An】Thanks, Kohane! I promise to cherish it and find a good picture to put in it!
【An】But which one would be best...? Oh, that one with us in front of the cherry tree might work!
【Kohane】(Thank goodness. I'm so glad that she likes it. It was worth the effort.)
【Kohane】Hehe. I'll have to make sure to give Shinonome and Aoyagi their gifts too.
【An】Did you make photo frames for them too?
【Kohane】No, these seemed a little too girly for them, so I brought back some snacks for them instead.
【Kohane】I'm giving them the same fish-shaped oshikura-manju that I gave you and your dad just now. Apparently, where we stayed is really famous for them.
【An】Haha. I don't blame you.
【An】But I'm sort of wondering how they'd react if you gave them the photo frame you gave me.
【Kohane】Hehe.
【Kohane】(I hope I see them soon. I'm really looking forward to giving them their gifts.)
[Sound] bgm00000
