【MEIKO — As A Fan〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: As A Fan（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Beyond The Dream of That Day
scenarioId: 025022_meiko02

[Background Change] bg_b001001
[Caption] Stage SEKAI
【MEIKO】Whew...! That should be enough practice for today.
【Miku】Okay. Thank you for letting me practice with you, MEIKO!
【Miku】Some of the things we did seemed pretty difficult at first, but it was fun to practice in a different way for a change!
【MEIKO】You're welcome! I had fun as well♪
【MEIKO】And there's more where that came from. You're always free to join me for another session♪
【Miku】Haha... I'd like to, but I'm not sure I'll be able to keep up.
【MEIKO】Oh, Haruka, welcome!
【Haruka】Good evening, MEIKO, Miku. Are you two free right now?
【Miku】Yes, we just finished practicing.
【Haruka】Okay... There's something I need to tell you both.
【MEIKO】Hehe. Is this about your TV appearance?
【Haruka】Yes. We decided to accept.
[Sound] bgm00000
【MEIKO】You gave this offer quite a lot of thought, so I'm glad you were able to come to a decision.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Miku】Congratulations, Haruka!
【Haruka】Thanks...
【Haruka】And I really appreciate you all giving me advice regarding this. What you said made me realize some important things.
[Sound] se00053
【MEIKO】As your fan, I want to say, “Don't worry.”
【MEIKO】Including the hope and warmth you wish to spread to others.
【MEIKO】And those things mean quite a lot to me...
【MEIKO】So, a TV appearance isn't going to easily change how I feel about all of you.
【Miku】I agree... You girls are who you are. Nothing is going to change that.
【Haruka】Once again...
【Haruka】Thank you for taking my concern seriously and listening to what I had to say.
【MEIKO & Miku】You're very welcome♪
【MEIKO】But we really didn't do all that much other than say what we felt.
【Haruka】That's not true.
【Haruka】What you said, MEIKO, not only helped me reach a decision in terms of appearing on TV, but it also reminded me of my roots.
【MEIKO】Your roots...?
【Haruka】Yes. The reason I wanted to become an idol in the first place...
【Haruka】I remembered the person who made me believe in a better tomorrow. The idol who gave me that hope.
【Miku】So, there's someone who you look up to, like the way Minori looks up to you, Haruka?
【Haruka】She's no longer an idol, but she still performs on stage from time to time and spreads cheer to everyone she meets.
【MEIKO】Hehe. She sounds like a wonderful person.
【Haruka】Yes, she is...! The first time I met her, she was so kind and warm, and made everybody around her smile...
【Haruka】That feeling of warmth in my chest. The way she dazzled everyone. I still remember it all very clearly...
【Haruka】Being reminded of when I met her made me remember the feeling of hope she gave me. The belief that tomorrow will be a better day.
【MEIKO】(Haruka...)
[Sound] se00053
【MEIKO】You girls put on a successful solo show and have put forth a fantastic goal for yourselves. As a result, you're at a crossroads so to speak.
【MEIKO】It's not uncommon to lose sight of what means most to you... Why you decided to become an idol in the first place or how you felt back then...
【MEIKO】So, now might not be a bad time to look back on all that.
【MEIKO】(She actually tried doing what I suggested.)
【MEIKO】(Hehe. Oh, Haruka. You're such an earnest girl.)
【Haruka】I learned from the newspaper that she was still spreading hope to others.
【Miku】From the newspaper?
【Haruka】Yes. I had no idea what she was doing after she'd retired from being an idol...
【Haruka】But that article showed me how she's still doing her best, and just how powerful the media can be.
【MEIKO】So that's what helped you reach your decision.
【Miku】Thank you for coming to tell us all of this, Haruka. Rest assured, you all have our support moving forward.
【MEIKO】Yes, since we want to see you appear on TV and perform a show at the Dome.
【Haruka】Right. And I'd like it as well if you're all there with us every step of the way as we spread hope to everyone.
【Haruka】So, we'll be looking forward to your continued support.
【MEIKO & Miku】Of course♪
【MEIKO, Miku & Haruka】Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
