【Mochizuki Honami — Brand New Style〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Mochizuki Honami
Card: Brand New Style（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 003030_honami01

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-A
【Honami】(*Sigh* I arrived sooner than usual today.)
【Honami】(Classes won't start for a little while, so I think I'll use this time to check the Leo/need channel. Some people seem to have commented and...)
【Kohane】Good morning, Honami.
【Honami】Oh, Kohane, good morning. Can I help you with something?
【Kohane】No, I don't need any help... I was just thinking that the Shiba on your phone case is really cute.
【Honami】Oh, this? Hehe. It really is adorable.
【Honami】I had to buy it when I saw it at the store since it reminded me of my real Shiba at home...
【Kohane】Oh, Shibao, right?! You told me about him once.
【Kohane】And I really know how you feel. I can't help but buy keychains and stickers of things that look like my pet.
【Honami】Oh, that's right. I heard that you have an unusual pet.
【Honami】What kind of animal is your pet? I was thinking a flying squirrel or hedgehog since not many people have those...
【Kohane】No, I have a snake. Her name's Count Pearl.
【Honami】A-A snake...?! I never would've guessed...!
【Honami】And her name's Count Pearl? That has such a classy ring to it.
【Kohane】Hehe. Thanks. Most people are surprised when they find out that Count Pearl is my pet snake.
【Kohane】But she's really cute. Every time I come home, she always looks up and flicks her tongue out.
【Kohane】Which makes me really happy since it looks like she's saying, “Welcome home.”
【Honami】I see... Then, Count Pearl must know you very well.
【Kohane】She does!
【Kohane】Oh, also! If I stretch my hand out to her, she'll caress her head against it...
【Kohane】And her mouth becomes so big whenever she's having a meal... It only takes her one bite!
【Kohane】I'm always amazed by how she can do that, but she's also a little timid... I think that gap's really cute.
【Honami】Hehe... It sounds like you love her very much, Kohane.
【Kohane】Oh... S-Sorry, I didn't mean to go into so much detail.
【Honami】No, I really enjoyed it! I hardly know anything about snakes. I had no idea they could be so affectionate.
【Kohane】Then, can you tell me more about Shibao? What's he like?
【Honami】Shibao has round features and a fluffy body. He loves to sunbathe...
【Honami】He seems to like my bed the most for some reason. That's where he usually ends up whenever I leave it out...
【Honami】And I'll take naps with him from time to time.
【Kohane】Hehe. That's so cute. I can see it already.
【Honami】I have lots of pictures of him. Would you like to see?
【Kohane】Yes, please!
【Honami】Let's see... This is what I was just talking about. It's him taking a nap on my bed...
[Sound] se00183_b
【Honami】This is him getting excited about dinner. And this is him with a passerby who was nice enough to play with him during one of our walks.
【Kohane】Wow... These photos are all really adorable... And you've taken so many.
【Honami】He's so cute that I sort of can't help taking a lot.
【Honami】But these pictures all probably look the same to other people.
【Kohane】Hehe... I can tell that you love Shibao a lot.
【Honami】Yes, he's a valued member of our family.
【Honami】By the way, do you have any pictures of Count Pearl? I'd like to see them if you do.
【Kohane】Yeah, I do! I can show you some later.
【Kohane】But for now, I kind of want to see more photos of Shibao...
【Honami】Hehe. In that case, I'd like to spend some time looking at pictures of Count Pearl later.
【Kohane】Yeah, let's both share!
[Sound] bgm00000
