【Aoyagi Toya — Turning Excitement Into Words〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Aoyagi Toya
Card: Turning Excitement Into Words（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: The Legend Still Vivid
scenarioId: 012014_touya01

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【Akito】I still can't believe we get to see COL again.
【An】Yeah, I can't either. We owe you big, Kohane!
【Kohane】I didn't do anything. You should be thanking Taiga for actually getting a hold of the owner.
【Toya】But you were the one who asked him about this place. We wouldn't be here if you hadn't.
【An】He's right, so thank you, Kohane!
【Len】So what's COL like? Is it different from other live houses?
【Len】Is it really big or something? There were lots of people there, right?
【Toya】I've only heard bits and pieces from Akito...
【MEIKO】Why don't you settle down and give them a chance to answer, Len?
【An】I mean, we can tell you guys all about it, but it really wasn't that different from any other live house.
【Akito】Also, you're gonna get to see it for yourself, so why not just wait instead of inflating your expectations?
【Toya】Yes, I agree since you'll be joining us on this little excursion.
【Len】Nooo! I won't be able to sleep from all this excitement!
【MEIKO】Again, please try to settle down.
【Miku】More importantly, I'd like to learn more about what RAD WEEKEND was really like.
【Miku】The only solid piece of information I have at this point is that the event An's dad put on was unlike anything else.
【Toya】What it was really like...?
【Toya】I remember asking Akito the same thing when we first formed our team.
【Akito】To be fair, it was more like I monologued while you sat there to listen.
【Toya】You seemed very eager to tell someone about how great it was.
【Akito】Gimme a break... Everyone else I talked to about this would listen but laugh at me once I was done.
【Len】If that's the case, Akito, can you tell us what you told Toya?
【Akito】Sure, but you'll only get to hear about what happened from my perspective.
【An】That's totally fine! I wanna hear too actually!
【Kohane】Me too!
【Toya】It's been a while, so I'd like to hear it again as well.
【Akito】Alright... I'll talk.
【Akito】Toya, Len, I've already told you both a little about how I used to play soccer until I was a sixth grader and quit after burning out...
【Akito】That was when I was introduced to music.
【Akito】My sister took me to the Summer Festival that year to see the show they were putting on, and I was hooked...
【An】The Summer Festival? Didn't you and Toya sing there this year?
【Akito】Yeah, it was hard to believe that I'd be performing on the stage that I saw all those years ago.
【Toya】If I recall correctly, you weren't exactly interested in performing at first.
【Akito】It was my sister's idea. She casually suggested I do it in passing.
【Akito】But singing without really meaning it isn't my thing. Also, it wouldn't have been good for the event...
【Miku】Hehe. That's so thoughtful of you, Akito.
【Toya】Yes, I agree.
【Toya】That passion and thoughtfulness of yours may be the reason why you got to go to RAD WEEKEND.
【Akito】Call it karma or whatever.
【Akito】But I'm really glad I ended up going...
【Len】That's great, so what was the show like?!
【Akito】Incredible...
【Akito】Back then, I had no idea who anyone on stage was since I knew next to nothing about street music.
【Akito】But they had me hook, line and sinker from the first song...
【Akito】I couldn't take my eyes off them as they threw me into a sea of music.
【Akito】I didn't know anyone in the crowd either, but in the heat of the moment, it felt like we were all old friends shouting our lungs out together...
【Akito】That was when I knew I was witnessing something special... Something legendary...
【An】Yeah, what he said! I was shouting like crazy with everyone else too.
【Akito】Once it was all over, I thought, “I wanna do something like this too.”
【Akito】I had zero musical knowledge, but I felt compelled to start practicing that day because of how it sent these shockwaves through me.
【Miku】Hehe. Like now?
【Akito】Huh?
【Akito】D-Did I sound that excited?
【Toya】More than usual at the very least.
【Toya】No, I suppose this could be considered normal since RAD WEEKEND is what's driving you. Plus, you always seem to have fun talking about it.
【MEIKO】It just means that much to you, doesn't it?
【Akito】Yeah, it does.
【Toya】(Until now, all I had to work with was what Akito felt that night...)
【Toya】(But actually seeing COL... Seeing where it happened might give me a better insight.)
【Toya】...
【Len】Oh...
【Len】You feeling it now, Toya?
【Toya】Yes, I believe I have a better understanding.
【Toya】I'm very much looking forward to visiting COL now.
【Len】Haha! You and me both!
【Toya】Indeed.
[Sound] bgm00000
