【Azusawa Kohane — Brand New Style〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Azusawa Kohane
Card: Brand New Style（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 009028_kohane02

[Background Change] bg_a002301
[Caption] Scramble Crossing
【Kohane】Oh...!
【An】Oh, Kohane...! Over here!
[Sound] se00100_b
【Kohane】Morning, everyone! Let's do our best again today.
【Toya】Yes. After all, the practices we do each day mean everything to us now.
【Akito】Oh, the light turned green. Let's go.
【Kohane】Okay!
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a002401
[Sound] bgm00020
[Caption] Main Street
【An】Hey, Kohane, I noticed that you're wearing your uniform a little differently now.
【Kohane】Oh, right. I thought it might be nice to try something new since it's not like our uniforms are changing this year.
【Kohane】Still, coming up with a new look's really hard.
【Kohane】I was hoping that I could give off a different impression like how you styled it, An...
【Akito】She didn't “style” it so much as just mess it up.
【An】Hey, don't go raining on my parade.
【An】Anyway, Kohane, which do you prefer? My old look or my new one?
【Kohane】Well... I thought your old look was cool since it felt so clean and tidy. It really suited you.
【Kohane】But I think I prefer your new look since it feels more fun and relaxed. I think it captures you better.
【An】Really?! Thanks, Kohane!
【An】A bunch of people in class told me the same thing, but it means so much more coming from you, Kohane.
【Kohane】Hehe.
【An】Alright, now that I've gotten Kohane's seal of approval, I'm gonna make the most of my uniform by wearing it as cutely and freely as I can.
【Akito】Freely...? Says the former hall monitor.
【Toya】Oh? I don't think it's that odd. I'm actually impressed by how she followed the rules before.
【An】See? Toya gets it!
【An】Because I was a hall monitor, I know where the lines are in terms of what's okay and not okay. I plan on enjoying my uniform while following the rules.
【Kohane】Hehe. Plus, you're on the broadcasting committee now. You'll get to play music by your favorite groups and make your school an even more fun place to be.
【An】Yeah, that's right! I can't wait to start doing that!
【An】What about you, Kohane? Has the cleanup committee already begun meeting?
【Kohane】Yeah, we met just the other day and planted flowers in the flower bed together.
【Toya】The cleanup committee's responsible for that at Miya Girls?
【Akito】That's the greening committee's job at our school.
【Kohane】According to our committee chair, it all started after some students who are alumni now decided to help the school custodian with the flowers.
【Kohane】The custodian then suggested that they should choose some flowers to plant since it'd probably make things more fun.
【An】Wow, really?!
【An】So, what flowers did you guys plant?
【Kohane】Marigolds and snapdragons.
【An】Oh, great choice! I love marigolds!
【An】But I forget what snapdragons look like. Gimme a sec to search them up.
【Kohane】No, An, wait...! You might not want to do that...
【An】Why?
【Kohane】Umm... Because they become kind of scary when they go to seed during the fall...
【An】Huh...? S-Scary? What do you mean?
【Toya】Oh, I've read about them in a book before. Apparently, their seed pods form holes in a way that makes them look like little skulls...
[Sound] se00183_b
【Akito】Whoa, they do look like skulls... And there's one for every flower. Creepy...
【Kohane】Yeah. That's why some people became a little worried when they came up as a candidate...
【Kohane】But they spread their seeds in the fall, so we figured that the skulls could work as decorations for Halloween if they were to form at the right time.
【Akito】Don't you think these look a little too realistic for that...?
【Toya】I agree... They may not be ghosts, but you might want to avoid looking at these, Shiraishi.
【An】That only makes me want to look at them even more.
【Akito】Then, why not just get it over with? Boo!
【An】Whoa...!
【An】What's the big idea?! You're gonna make Kohane's kindness all go to waste!
【Kohane】An... The flowers themselves are really cute, so I'll show you some photos of them later.
【An】Really? Thanks, Kohane!
【Kohane】Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
