【Kiritani Haruka — You Give Me Wings〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Kiritani Haruka
Card: You Give Me Wings（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: Get Fit & Fly! Muscle Training!
scenarioId: 006038_haruka02

[Background Change] bg_a003401
[Caption] Nonogi Park
【Haruka】98, 99, 100...! Okay, that's one set.
【Haruka】(I'm starting to get the hang of doing these exercises while wearing weights.)
【Haruka】(I guess that means my training is going well.)
【Haruka】(We have just three days left until Shinobi Battle. I need to keep this up, and get in the best shape I can.)
[Sound] bgm00000
【Haruka】Phew... Three sets. That should be enough.
[Sound] se_walk_men_001_1
[Sound] se_walk_men_001_2
【Akito】Sounds like you've reached a good place to stop, too.
[Sound] bgm00180
【Tsukasa】Why don't we take this opportunity to rest and rehydrate, Kiritani?
【Haruka】Thank you. I think I will.
【Haruka】Oh...
【Tsukasa】Hm? Is something the matter? You giggled after looking at us...
【Haruka】I'm sorry. We're taking a break, but you two are still wearing your weighted vests.
【Akito】Oh, we totally forgot about these...
【Tsukasa】Yes, I remember desperately gasping for air and throwing it off after completing every single set during our first day of training!
【Haruka】That means your hard work is paying off.
【Akito】Actually, I've been wondering... Where did you get these vests, and all that other strength-training equipment?
【Akito】A yoga mat is one thing, but I doubt many people have weighted vests like these.
【Tsukasa】Hm? Now that you mention it...
【Tsukasa】I've become so used to a certain director using explosives and odd drones during our performances that I never thought to ask.
【Akito】And now you're desensitized to these kinds of things...?
【Haruka】Well, the story behind those vests involves...
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_b003301
【Haruka】Hey, Airi, does the show “Battle of the Muscly Stars” ring any bells for you?
[Sound] bgm00018
【Airi】Yeah, of course it does!
【Airi】The producer for the Wide World of Laughs worked on it, so I got to appear on it as Happy Everyday.
【Haruka】You battled against some female athletes, right?
【Haruka】Do you happen to remember the name of the company that made all the props and equipment?
【Airi】The company that made the props? Yeah, I remember...
【Airi】Wait, don't tell me. You want to use them to train for Shinobi Battle.
【Haruka】Ideally, yes... Do you think it'd be possible for me to borrow them?
【Airi】If I recall, they don't accept personal orders, but they do rent out to individuals.
【Airi】You should be able to send in a request through their website. Also, you'll be able to save on shipping by going over to their warehouse yourself.
【Haruka】I see...
【Haruka】Thanks, Airi! I'll look into it.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_a003401
【Akito】So, the vests and other equipment we've been using were used on Battle of the Muscly Stars?
[Sound] bgm00170
【Haruka】Not necessarily everything.
【Tsukasa】Still, a company that makes props for TV. They must have an assortment of fun things available for rental.
【Haruka】Yes, they do have quite a large selection.
【Haruka】A giant frying pan that can make yakisoba for a hundred people, a shrine gate, a footbath...
【Akito】A shrine gate and a footbath?!
【Haruka】They even had a skating rink and a merry-go-round.
【Tsukasa】A skating rink and a merry-go-round?!
【Akito】What shows did they make those for, and why...?
【Haruka】I can't say, since I only had a few minutes to see what they had in their warehouse...
【Haruka】Oh, their rental fees are based on the size of each object, so you can rent out the ones that don't require construction at a very reasonable price.
【Tsukasa】I see. This is a useful bit of information. I'll have to tell Rui about this later.
【Akito】What? He's the last person you should be telling.
【Akito】What are you going to do when he ends up building a jet-flow bathtub or a skating rink that produces lightning?
【Tsukasa】H-Hahaha. Don't be ridiculous, Akito. He only makes props for shows, remember?
【Tsukasa】What kind of show involves using jet-flow bathtubs and skating rinks that produce lightning?
【Akito】Your face is getting all twisted.
【Haruka】Hehe.
【Haruka】Oh, our break's already over. Are you two ready to continue?
【Tsukasa】Ah, yes! I'm ready whenever!
【Akito】I've gotten pretty used to my training schedule now, so I still feel pretty fresh.
【Haruka】We have three days left. Let's keep doing our best so that we can post a result we can feel proud of!
【Akito & Tsukasa】Yes! Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
