【Hanasato Minori — MORE MORE JUMP!〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Hanasato Minori
Card: MORE MORE JUMP!（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: 
scenarioId: 005002_minori01

[Background Change] bg_a000801
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Rooftop
【Minori】Airi and Shizuku are late.
【Haruka】Maybe their lesson ran over time.
【Minori】I was going to wait until everyone was here, but I guess I can show you first.
【Minori】I've been thinking about what we'll need for our debut! Do you mind taking a look at the list I wrote?
【Haruka】Not at all, show me!
【Haruka】(You rarely see Minori looking so earnest. This must be very important to her.)
【Minori】Thanks! So... Here it is!
[Sound] bgm00000
【Haruka】What's this...? A list of...catchphrases?
【Minori】Yeah! You've got to have your signature catchphrases worked out, right?
[Sound] bgm00015
【Haruka】I...suppose so?
【Haruka】(That's not what I was expecting, but that's the sort of thing Minori would come up with...)
【Minori】I wrote catchphrases for everyone in our group. I'll start with mine.
【Minori】Ahem!
【Minori】Just an audition regular no more! This yet-to-debut idol will move mountains to graduate into a full-fledged celeb!
【Haruka】What?
【Minori】Just an audition regular no more! This yet-to-debut idol—
【Haruka】No need to repeat, I heard you fine the first time...
【Haruka】This catchphrase conveys your personality very well but...
【Haruka】It's just it won't work after you've debuted, see? Wouldn't it be better to come up with something you can keep using, make it your thing?
【Minori】Oh... Yes, you're absolutly right! Why didn't I think of that!
【Minori】I'll see if I can come up with something that can stick for longer!
【Minori】Okay, let's move on to the catchphrase I wrote for you!
【Minori】The resplendent Haruka is the brightest star in this universe!
【Haruka】...
【Minori】What do you think? Do you like it?
【Haruka】I see where you were going with it...
【Haruka】But resplendent and brightest star, that's a bit too much, don't you think?
【Minori】Um, maybe, yeah!
【Minori】But maybe adding even more shiny imagery to it would make it more memorable!
【Minori】The dazzling, resplendent Haruka is the shiniest, brightest star illuminating this universe! Twinkle-twinkle!
【Haruka】That... That is memorable, but it doesn't say much about me, don't you think?
【Minori】Hmm... It takes more than to say you're our brilliant star to express your appeal, huh.
【Minori】Alright then! I'll have a think about a better catchphrase for you, which will convey all your amazing qualities!
【Haruka】Just make sure it doesn't get too long.
【Haruka】And what did you come up with for Airi?
【Minori】Airi's is this. Energy blast! The silly-cute, mega expressive idol, cool on the outside, mellow on the inside!
【Haruka】Er... That's very spot on, but you realize she'd get mad if she heard that?
【Minori】What? But I really worked hard on this one, and I'd like to show it to her!
【Haruka】How about... Before you reveal this one to her, ask her what she'd like to put in her catchphrase, okay?
【Haruka】She might already have one, you never know. You wouldn't want to push your ideas onto her, right?
【Minori】Gosh, no, of course not! It's incredible how you think of everything, Haruka!
【Minori】Hmm... But then I might also need to rethink Shizuku's.
【Haruka】What did you write for her?
【Minori】Shrouded in an air of mystery, here comes the ultimate ditzy lady totally obsessed with her younger sister!
【Haruka】That's an apt description of Shizuku, but I don't think it's flattering for an idol.
【Minori】Yeah, I can see that now...
[Sound] bgm00000
【Minori】But you know, it may depend on the situation! I've got lots of alternatives, too!
【Haruka】Can I take a look?
[Sound] bgm00018
【Minori】Sure! For example, I have this one for you too.
【Haruka】Hmm... Personally, I like it, but Airi would say it doesn't have idol vibes.
【Minori】Oh... Then what about this one? It has a nice rhythm to it!
【Haruka】What's this... Five syllables, followed by seven and five again? That's a haiku poem...
【Minori】Yeah! Genius, right?
【Haruka】Hehe. You know, you inspired me to try to come up with some catchphrases of my own.
【Minori】Really?! I did?! That's great! Let's write some more together!
[Sound] bgm00000
