【Kagamine Rin — A Reassuring Spell〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kagamine Rin
Card: A Reassuring Spell（2★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Find the Dream View
scenarioId: 022046_rin01

[Background Change] bg_f000101
[Caption] School SEKAI
【Rin】Shih and the girls are working really hard again today!
【MEIKO】The show is just around the corner. I'm sure they're busy putting on the finishing touches.
【KAITO】I'm sure they're going to put on a good performance.
【Rin】Me too☆ I really can't wait!
【MEIKO】Still, I know they're the opening act rather than the headliners, but they really get to perform at that big arena...
【KAITO】It seats fifteen thousand, right? I also can't believe they get to play in front of such a large audience.
【MEIKO】I'm still having trouble processing that number. What do you think it's going to be like for them?
【Rin】I bet the crowd's gonna roar when they play! I'm really jealous of how much fun they're gonna have!
【KAITO】I might get a little nervous...
【MEIKO】Really? I feel like you'd get into a nice groove once the show started.
【MEIKO】That being said, Ichika and the girls are dealing with quite a bit of pressure. It sounds like the band they're opening for is very famous.
【Rin】Oh, right... It's not all fun and games for them.
【Rin】I know! What if we came up with a magic spell to help them feel better?!
【KAITO】A magic spell?
【Rin】Yeah! That way, if they get nervous on stage they don't have to worry!
【MEIKO】I see what you mean. In that case, why don't the three of us try coming up with one together?
【Rin】Woohoo!
【Rin】Hmm... How to feel less nervous...
【Rin】Oh, I know! How about smiling from ear to ear?
【Rin】A big smile like this! I'm feeling better already!
【MEIKO】Haha. That's not a bad idea. It makes me want to smile too, so it helps others relax as well.
【KAITO】But won't it be a bit difficult to smile when you're feeling nervous?
【Rin】Oh, right! It's hard to smile when you're all frozen up...
【Rin】So, scratch that!
【KAITO】Come to think of it, I think one of the magazines Shiho lent us said something about dealing with nervousness...
【MEIKO】Oh, that might be just the hint we need.
【Rin】You gotta remember what it said, KAITO!
【KAITO】It involved drawing people on your palm or something... And eating them?
【Rin】What?! You have to eat people?!
【MEIKO】Oh, I think I've heard that before somewhere. You just pretend to gobble them up, yes?
【Rin】I've never heard of that before! Lemme give that a try!
【Rin】Let's see... Pretend to draw some people on my palm...
【KAITO】Okay, that's three... No, I'll draw five...
【Rin】Forget it. I'm gonna draw as many as I can, and... Nom!
【Rin】Hmm... I don't think it worked? I'm not really sure though.
【MEIKO】Well, these kinds of things probably don't work very well if you don't understand the meaning behind them.
【MEIKO】So, why don't we try a different idea? For example, we can think about us instead.
【Rin】Us?
【MEIKO】Yes. When you're feeling nervous, Rin, what would help make you feel better?
【Rin】Hmm... If I were feeling nervous...
【Rin】Oh! Having you and KAITO next to me would do the trick, MEIKO!
【Rin】Knowing that people I love are right there next to me would make me feel invincible☆
【MEIKO】Haha. I know what you mean.
【KAITO】Then, why don't we think of a spell that makes it feel like the people you care about are with you?
【Rin】Those we care about...
【Rin】Oh, what if we modified the thing we just did?!
【Rin】Instead of drawing people, you could write the names of people you really care about and gobble those up!
【KAITO】Huh...?
【MEIKO】Their names...?
【Rin】Yeah, like this!
【Rin】I'll write your name, MEIKO, since you're always hanging out with me and giving me great advice! And your name, KAITO, since you're quiet but super reliable!
【Rin】Next, Luka, because she's so nice and always watches over me♪ And Miku-P because she does such a great job of leading us!
【Rin】Oh, and Len since we always practice and have contests together and stuff!
【Rin】Nom...!
【Rin】(Oh...!)
[Sound] se00053_b
【Rin】(My chest feels all warm for some reason...!)
【KAITO】Did it work...?
【Rin】Yeah, it did! It's like you're all right here with me now☆
【MEIKO】Then, it must be an effective spell.
【Rin】Yeah! Thanks for helping me with this, MEIKO, KAITO!
【Rin】Hehe. I can't wait to teach the girls this♪
[Sound] bgm00000
