【Mochizuki Honami — Brand New Style〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Mochizuki Honami
Card: Brand New Style（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 003030_honami02

[Background Change] bg_a000401
[Caption] Miyamasuzaka Girls Academy - Class 2-A
【Kohane】Hmm... Which should I choose...?
【Honami】Is something bothering you, Kohane? Do you need any help?
【Kohane】Oh, Honami...! No, it's nothing all that serious...
【Kohane】But you know how we're supposed to choose what committee we're going to be in during our next homeroom? I'm still undecided.
【Honami】I don't blame you. I mean, there are so many to choose from.
【Honami】You were on the animal caretaker committee last year, yes?
【Kohane】Yeah, I was! I had a lot of fun, but lately I've been so busy practicing my singing...
【Honami】Oh, that's right... The animal caretaker committee's more involved compared to the others since you have to clean up after the animals and such.
【Kohane】Exactly. They're living creatures, so I'd feel awful if I started making everyone else fill in and take care of them for me.
【Kohane】Which is why I was thinking I should probably join a committee that involves less of a time commitment.
【Honami】Yes, I see.
【Kohane】Do you know which committee you're going to join, Honami?
【Honami】Oh, I...
【Honami】I'm thinking about staying with the cleanup committee.
【Kohane】You are?! Does that mean you like working as a member of that committee?
【Kohane】I honestly don't know much about it... Can you tell me more?
【Honami】So, we're mainly tasked with keeping the school clean.
【Honami】That includes the gym's storeroom, the stairs, the rooftop and quite a few other places that students don't normally clean.
【Kohane】I see...
【Kohane】That means you and everyone on the committee are the reason our school's such a nice place to be.
【Honami】I don't know about that... But I really appreciate the positive feedback.
【Honami】We also make posters for the school.
【Kohane】Posters?
【Honami】Yes, ones with slogans on them to remind students not to litter and to keep the classrooms clean.
【Kohane】Oh, I've seen those in the corridor. I didn't know they were made by the cleanup committee.
【Kohane】I remember talking with Minori about some that looked really cool and abstract...
【Honami】Oh...
【Honami】(Is she talking about the ones I drew...?)
【Honami】(I'm less against drawing now, but I still feel a little embarrassed when I think about people seeing my work...)
【Kohane】Still... Making posters and helping keep the school clean doesn't sound too bad. Maybe I could...?
【Honami】Huh...?
【Honami】Kohane, are you interested in joining?
【Kohane】*Nod* I'm sure keeping the school clean for everyone isn't easy, but making posters and stuff sounds like fun.
【Honami】Really...?!
【Honami】Then... Why don't we both volunteer to be on it?
【Kohane】Huh?
【Honami】Not many people choose to join this committee, chiefly because keeping the school clean is a lot of work...
【Honami】But seeing everyone enjoy the places that I cleaned puts such a big smile on my face.
【Honami】I get to play a small part in brightening up people's days, which makes the effort I put in worth it.
【Kohane】Honami...
【Kohane】I really admire how you can work so hard for the sake of others...
【Honami】No, I just like doing those sorts of tasks.
【Honami】Also, as you pointed out earlier, this committee isn't as involved as some of the other ones...
【Honami】So, since you've taken an interest in joining, it'd be nice if we could be on it together.
【Kohane】Right...
【Kohane】Then, I'll give it a try...
【Honami】Really?
【Kohane】I do think it would be fun to be on this committee, and it not being as involved as some of the other ones is a big plus...
【Kohane】But above all else, I'd feel a lot better knowing that you'd be there with me, Honami.
【Honami】Kohane...
【Kohane】I have to learn to walk before I can run, but my hope is that you'll be willing to show me the ropes.
【Honami】Of course...! Let's do our best together.
[Sound] bgm00000
