【Tenma Tsukasa — Profile Story】

Character: Tenma Tsukasa
scenarioId: self_tsukasa_2nd

[Background Change] bg_d000401
[Caption] Wonderland SEKAI
【Tsukasa】Alright, let's practice giving our self-introductions for when we need to do them elsewhere!
【Tsukasa】Starting with me!
【Tsukasa】Tenma, written as “soaring pegasus”! Tsukasa, meaning to govern! I am Tsukasa Tenma!
[Sound] se00057
【Tsukasa】I am a future star, but I was originally self-taught in terms of acting...
【Tsukasa】Nonetheless, because of my overwhelming star potential, I was hired to become a cast member of Phoenix Wonderland!
【Tsukasa】I was even made the leader of Wonderlands×Showtime, the troupe we formed at the park. I shined during each of our performances...
【Tsukasa】And now! We are about to leave the Wonder Stage to set out into the world!
【Tsukasa】That's right! You are all about to witness the second chapter of Tsukasa Tenma the Superstar!!!
【Tsukasa】Hm? That was difficult to understand? Was it really...?
【Tsukasa】More simply, we are about to leave Phoenix Wonderland to perform in venues all over Japan!
【Tsukasa】To be honest, I'm a little sad about us parting ways with the Wonder Stage... But we're doing this to make our dreams come true!
【Tsukasa】I'm going to take the acting skills I've gained and the connections I've made at the Wonder Stage, and...
【Tsukasa】Burst forth using everything I have! After that, I'll take my next big step!
【Tsukasa】My self-introduction sort of turned into me declaring my future goals... Should I start over...?
【Tsukasa】Hm? I did fine, but it was a bit too long...?
【Tsukasa】Yes, I'd rather not sound like a windbag...
【Tsukasa】Which means I'll need something to make it more entertaining. Then, why don't I act out my life up until now...?
【Tsukasa】Yes, an excellent idea if I do say so myself...!
【Tsukasa】Alright, let's go with that! Everyone, I'll need your help putting a script together!
【Tsukasa】It'll open with the day my mom and dad first met each other.
【Tsukasa】T-Too long?! What do you mean?!
【Tsukasa】Grr... Self-introductions always feel like perplexing puzzles for some reason.
[Sound] bgm00000
