【Kamishiro Rui — Words Overheard〔Part1〕Side Story (Part 1)】

Character: Kamishiro Rui
Card: Words Overheard（4★）
Part: Part1 — Side Story (Part 1)
Event: Backlight, Lens Flare
scenarioId: 016032_rui01

[Background Change] bg_d000903
[Caption] Rui's Room
[Sound] se00532
【Rui】(Phew. I'm finally done doing maintenance on these props.)
【Rui】Still...
【Rui】I never thought that we'd get a chance to appear in a film.
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_d002402
【Reki】The movie I'm about to work on is also going to include a few others from Shunmeiza...
【Reki】But they still need more extras. So, if you'd like, would you all like to apply to be in it?
[Background Change] bg_d000903
【Rui】(We decided to apply to become extras after hearing about it from Bakuno...)
【Rui】(But we ended up celebrating after we found out that we'd been accepted.)
[Sound] bgm00000
[Sound] se00053_b
[Background Change] bg_a003401
【Tsukasa】Hah hah hah hah! Wonderlands×Showtime will be making its big debut on the silver screen!
[Sound] bgm00020
【Emu】Yeah, this is so exciting!
【Nene】I know we're just gonna be playing roles like a girl having a picnic or a man admiring flowers, but we should still do our best.
【Tsukasa】Agreed. We may be extras, but we're still going to be people who live in the world of the story...
【Tsukasa】I'm going to do the best job I can of squatting while admiring flowers as Young Man A!
【Rui】Incidentally, I just found out that Bakuno will be performing in the scene we appear in.
【Nene】Yeah. Screen acting is supposed to be way different from stage acting, but I can't wait to see how Bakuno does.
【Tsukasa】Yes, me too!
【Emu】I'm really looking forward to seeing how films are actually made♪
【Emu】I know we're only gonna be on set for a day, but I wanna learn as much as I can!
【Rui】Hehe. Sounds like we're all looking forward to this experience.
[Sound] bgm00000
[Background Change] bg_d000903
【Rui】(Emu's brothers gave us a chance to work with Shunmeiza, and now we've been given this opportunity thanks to one of their actors...)
[Sound] bgm00024
【Rui】(Come to think of it, we're lucky to have been able to establish such a network.)
【Rui】(On top of learning as much as we can from the opportunities they've given us, I hope we get to repay everyone someday...)
【Rui】Alright, I'll go through the script one last time before I go to bed.
[Sound] se00674
[Sound] se00674
【Rui】(The film we're going to be a part of is being directed by someone called Tomomi Ohara.)
【Rui】(After doing some quick research, I found that he doesn't employ big plot twists or anything of the sort in his films. His works seem to be mostly subdued stories that carefully explore his characters' feelings.)
【Rui】(Including this one. The protagonist has all but given up on life, but someone calling herself his long-lost sister suddenly appears before him. And he begins to change as a result. It's a drama that explores human relationships.)
【Rui】(Which explains why he asked Bakuno to play the protagonist. This kind of story is his forte.)
【Rui】(What we saw him do on stage was spectacular, to put it mildly.)
【Rui】(His performance made his character feel like a real-life person...)
【Rui】(Just like Nene, I'm also looking forward to seeing what he does for this film.)
【Rui】(As well as how he and the director are going to work together.)
【Rui】If we were to turn this film into a show, how would I go about doing that...?
【Rui】(The climax is obviously the most exciting part, but the entire story is remarkably mellow and subdued. Which means...)
【Rui】(The backdrops for the stage would also need to be fairly simple. But we could make it so that they change little by little as the protagonist's feelings evolve over time...)
【Rui】(Where the characters stand would also play a crucial role. They'd start out far apart, but move closer together as they get to know one another...)
【Rui】Oh...
【Rui】(I really got ahead of myself there...)
【Rui】(I just can't help but think about how to put on a good show.)
【Rui】In any case, I want to take what I can from this film and use it to learn how to put on better performances...
【Rui】We won't be there for very long, but I'd like to make the most of this experience.
[Sound] bgm00000
