【MEIKO — Brand New Street〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: MEIKO
Card: Brand New Street（2★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: 
scenarioId: 025029_meiko02

[Background Change] bg_c000501
[Caption] Street SEKAI
[Caption] Crase Cafe
【KAITO】Alright, let's come up with a new menu that screams new change and new beginnings!
【Len & Rin】Yeah!
【MEIKO】Hehe, you all seem to be really excited about this.
【Rin】Why wouldn't we? Thinking up a new menu is so fun!
【Len】Not to mention that we get to be the taste testers too!
【KAITO】Still, I was still surprised when you brought the subject up. I didn't expect you to want to revamp the cafe.
【Len】But canceling that idea is what led you to go with a new menu instead, right?
【MEIKO】Yes, exactly. So I'm counting on the three of you today.
【KAITO】Leave it to us! I actually already have a few ideas for this new menu of yours.
【MEIKO】Wait, really?
【KAITO】Yes! Picture an item called, “Favorites for Lunch.”
【Len】Ooh! Sounds amazing!
【KAITO】And it sure will be! It's a dish that will have all of the customers' favorites on it.
【KAITO】For example, pancakes for Akito.
【MEIKO】I see, that sounds interesting. However...
【Rin】An likes rum raisin ice cream, right? So if she orders that, then she'd end up with ice cream for a meal.
【KAITO】Oh...
【Len】True. Toya likes cookies and I don't know if that's substantial for lunch...
【MEIKO】You have a point. Kohane's favorite food is peach buns and sesame balls. I think those would be okay as a lunch dish, but...
【KAITO】Then why don't we make their favorites come as an extra with their overall meal?
【Rin】I'm sure they'd like it, but then it wouldn't feel like a new menu, would it?
【KAITO】Oof. You're right...
【MEIKO】Oh! In that case, instead of having it as an extra, how about we just get them to pick their main dish for their meal?
【Rin】Wait, that sounds amazing!
【Len】Main dish for their meal... So like steak or ginger fried pork?
【MEIKO】I like that. I'd want them to eat well so they can get some energy.
【KAITO】Then curry and stew would be pretty good, no? By putting in meat and different kinds of vegetables, it'll be a good balance of nutrients!
【MEIKO】Good thinking! It's important to get your nutrients and vitamins in to maintain your body.
【MEIKO】Seems like having a menu with a good amount of vegetables is the way to go. Maybe I'll add a salad in there too.
【Len】But Akito hates carrots, right?
【Rin】And An can't eat tomatoes.
【MEIKO】That's...not good, but...
【MEIKO】It seems like those two are not ones to leave food on their plates at home... So I'll incorporate those into certain dishes.
【KAITO】Nice! Looks like we're starting to really make progress! Just slap on a name and it'll sound like a new menu in no time.
【MEIKO】But I'm starting to think that if you just get to choose your main dish, it doesn't make it all that more special than a regular set meal.
【Len】You think so? I feel like it'd be fun to try out all sorts of combinations!
【Len】Which brings me to my next point! I'd like to name the steak dish, “Big Bang Steak.”
【MEIKO】Hehe, I like that. Using the name to figure out the type of dish is always fun.
【Rin】If that's on the table, then I have some ideas!
【Rin】Um, so for the veggie-filled curry... Tons of... Packed with...
【Rin】I got it! How does, “Garden Goodness Curry” sound?
【Len】Hahaha, what kind of name is that? Did you want some curry and rice with your garden of vegetables?
【Rin】Hey, it's not gonna be like that!
【MEIKO】Hehe.
【MEIKO】(It's always fun thinking of a new menu with everyone.)
【MEIKO】(Especially coming up with combinations for dishes and imagining the expressions of those who will eventually have them...)
【MEIKO】Since you two already suggested the Big Bang Steak and the Garden Goodness Curry, I think we should try them out.
【Len】Really?! Yay!
【KAITO】Hey MEIKO, if you have some extra time to spare, I think a stew would make a great addition.
【KAITO】How does “Dreamy☆Creamy Stew”?  It would also have a nice, gentle flavor that just rejuvenates you from the inside.
【Rin】Is what you say, but you're just stating your order, aren't you?
【KAITO】I would never! I've never been more serious about suggesting anything than I ever have in my life.
【Len】I wonder about that...
【MEIKO】I don't mind. Besides, we're still in the testing phase anyway.
【MEIKO】Let's try out some stuff and make a menu that'll put a smile on VBS' faces!
【Rin, Len & KAITO】Yeah!
[Sound] bgm00000
