【Yoisaki Kanade — She Who Brings Me Warmth〔Part2〕Side Story (Part 2)】

Character: Yoisaki Kanade
Card: She Who Brings Me Warmth（4★）
Part: Part2 — Side Story (Part 2)
Event: To You, My Caring Companion
scenarioId: 017026_kanade02

[Background Change] bg_e000902
[Caption] Yoisaki Household - Kitchen
【Kanade】Ms. Mochizuki, does this look like enough rice?
【Honami】Yes, thank you very much. I'll move the entrees to the table now.
【Kanade】Okay, thank you.
【Kanade】The stew smells nice... I can feel my appetite growing.
【Honami】Me too. Also, thank you again for allowing me to stay for dinner like this...
【Kanade】We did make it together after all.
【Kanade】On top of that... I felt like having dinner with someone else today.
【Honami】Of course. So, shall we take our seats?
[Sound] se00347_b
【Kanade & Honami】Let's eat.
【Kanade】This stew's so rich... Especially considering how quickly we made it.
【Honami】Hehe. Oh, Ms. Yoisaki, look... These are the carrots you cut.
【Kanade】Now that I'm seeing them like this, they seem smaller than the other ingredients...
【Honami】Carrots tend to maintain their shape when stewed, so I think you did a nice job by cutting them into bite-sized pieces.
【Honami】And... Yes, they've soaked up quite a bit of flavor.
【Kanade】Really? Thank goodness...
【Kanade】This meal feels more rejuvenating than usual for some reason...
【Honami】It may be that you were in need of something nutritious.
【Honami】We walked quite a bit at the bridal fair, and even participated in that wedding show.
【Kanade】Oh, that's true...
【Kanade】I might've walked even more than the other day when I went walking with Ena.
【Honami】It was such a big fair as well. We had so much fun seeing all the exhibits and such.
【Kanade】Yes, and I think we learned quite a lot about dresses since Mizuki was nice enough to explain.
【Honami】I agree. That was incredibly helpful.
【Kanade】Mizuki seemed to have a lot of fun, so I'm glad we had an extra invitation.
【Kanade】Also, Otori was a very interesting person. Is she like that at school as well?
【Honami】Yes, she's always full of energy and has a talent for making the people around her smile.
【Kanade】Hehe. I can see her doing that.
【Kanade】She also helped come up with the idea for the show we participated in today, yes?
【Honami】Yes. Wonderlands×Showtime really did come up with a fun and lively show for us.
【Kanade】Although, I was surprised when I heard that we'd be dealing with a vampire...
【Kanade & Honami】Hehe.
[Sound] bgm00000
【Honami】Thank you. I hope I didn't overstay my welcome.
[Sound] bgm00024
【Kanade】No, it's my pleasure. If anything, thank you for staying for dinner.
【Honami】The bath should be ready soon, so please rest today and give your body a chance to recover.
【Kanade】I will.
【Kanade】Again, thank you for inviting me. I really enjoyed what we did today.
【Honami】I had a lot of fun as well. Not only that, this bouquet you gave me...
【Honami】I promise to treasure it. Now, if you'll excuse me.
【Kanade】Okay. See you next week.
[Sound] se00044_b
【Kanade】The bath should be ready in about five minutes. I'll go get my bath towel and all that ready now...
[Sound] se00055_b
【Kanade】Oh...
【Kanade】This smells nice...
【Kanade】I almost forgot. I'll try using some of those bath salts Ms. Mochizuki brought over the other day...
【Kanade】I'm looking forward to seeing what's in this set.
[Sound] bgm00000
